user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198030700424,Not Recommended,223100,23113077,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,RentAWar,"Listen, I love the whole homefront theme. Well I loved it until this garbage came out. I know you guys worked hard on it but still. Glitches up the wazoo, horrible storyline, and no real feel of change as you take back all the tiny outposts along your way to the main missions. I wish I had listened to the reviews and not given you guys the benefit of the doubt. I hate to say it but damn guys...."
76561198037828522,Not Recommended,223100,23091514,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,C. Black,"-2/10-Nowhere near the Open World games that are out already, its way too linear and story is kinda dullThe idea behind the game is great and very innovative, but poorly executed twice nowIn the open world game genre this game fails to deliver mainly because it lacks any RPG elements and sandbox, basically its a linear shooter with nice areas to explore.Fails to deliver even in the shooter (FPS) category, I only kept playing it because I like the map detail and the idea, exploring is actually the most fun this game has to offer as it is a very nicely crafted postwar map.I tried, but somehow I just can't force myself anymore to finish this gamePros:-Good graphics, but could be better-beautifully crafted, detailed and dense world-Weapon customization on the go-Most of gameplay reminds me on Far Cry, but its good if you are a fan of it-Cry Engine was a great engine choice for this game, but read bellow, it needs fixingCons:-BUGFEST, lost count how many times I fell though the ground into the big empty and how many times it failed to load environment and how many times I had to restart the game because couldn't complete mission due to a bug.-In many places game feels incomplete, like content has been cut out to be sold later as DLC-Optimization needs working on, stuttering in some places and other glitches-Dull, predictable AI, poor AI variation, AI bullet sponges-Poor voice acting-Poor writing, story is just not engaging and not detailed enough-Very tiny weapon choice, why the hell can't I pick up and use enemy weaponry???-Cannot shoot while riding a bike-No supressor for rifles-Stealth system is a total lackluster, a disaster in a game that requires it to a large part, cannot even hide bodies-No voice acting or dialogue options for main character-Characters are boring, mostly feel irrelevant, couldn't care less about them-Activities and missions get repetitive very fast, some even to an annoying level-No co-op for story mode and co-op resistance mode has only a few missions-No other multiplayer besides co-operative mode-Map is separated into sectors which can only to be unlocked one by one in doing story missions, so where is the open world?-Liberating outposts and other side activities don't feel rewarding, but rather a chore after a whileIn summary I couldn't care less about liberating a bunch of boring, dull, lazy, same repeating face over and over characters and AI, it rather seems that the KPA is the best thing that could happen to the people in the game.its a rushed out game, its substandard, with a pseudo open world, where your movement is so limited, that it feels just like a linear shooter.A lot work is needed here to make it worth to be a AAA title, many updates on gameplay and mechanics including stealth are needed.Can't even recommend it on sale, not worth its full price, no way.I guess this is it for Homefront franchise"
,Recommended,223100,30379201,Posted: 7 March,all,neo,"For $10, this game is a blast. Although it may not be as polished or bug free as other open world game, the gameplay and exploration is this games strong suit. After many patches since the games release, I feel this is the version they wanted to put out.Pros+ Large, highly detailed open world+ AI is (usually) pretty smart, they will flank behind you and kill you if you don't pay attention+ No regenerating health, health packs are scarce, and you can die in about 3-4 shots which makes the game really  challenging on the hardest difficulty+ A good amount of gun customization, allows you to change attachments on the fly+ The guns feel heavy, killing enemies is satisfying+ Amazing graphics on Ultra settings, also has a texture resoultion upscaler if you have a powerful PC+ Very smooth, barely droped below 45FPS (my pc isn't that powerful to run ultra at a constant 60FPS)Neutral* The co-op mode is fun, if you can find players for it.* Sound design is a little weird at times, sometimes certain sound effects are either too loud or too quiet* The motorbike allows you to travel around faster, but there isn't much open room to go really fast, and there are enemies every where so you can get shot off if you're going too slow* When the AI isn't being smart, they are doing some weird stuff, like sprinting around for no reason at all, or getting stuck in somewhere they shouldn't be* Story is at times interesting, other times cliched and uninspired, but it's easy to not pay attention and still enjoy the gameplay* No way to completely turn off the HUD or to make it smaller/more opaque. I can ignore the minimap when I don't need it, but I wish you could move it out of the way some more, it's pretty bigNegative- Some minor bugs that are seemingly easy to fix, but still persist in the game- The DLC doesn't add a whole lot to the game (get them on sale if you want them, also the last DLC they are making looks to be one of the best they've made)- Wish there were more ""base"" guns (guns that aren't converted)- Stealth is mediocre- The ♥♥♥♥ing radio is so goddamn annoying. Your radio is always blowing up with messages from 4 different people at once. Too bad you can't change just the volume of the radio, instead you have to turn down the volume for all dialogOverall, while this game does have it's flaws, I believe this is one of the best games to come out of 2016. I'm a sucker for open-world FPS games, and this game gave me what I was wanting.7/10, buy it on sale."
,Not Recommended,223100,32259997,Posted: 7 June,all,SeaAxe (cx3907),"Another example of the publisher (not devs!) overselling their product.Among all the crap that has have already been said by others, the only defensible element of this game is its combat.While both the enemy and friendly AI are dumb as hell, the handling of the weapons and equipment feels respectable. There's weight to the guns, aiming feels fine etc. There's some fair balance to them.Of course, what is so terrible about the game is not just the bugs. Potentially, they could have been fixed, but time and money limitations don't help. What is almost so criminally offensive is the script, which is horrendous. I HAVE TO SUSPEND MY DISBELIEF TO PROGRESS. The only character who is consistant throughout is Dr. Burnett, whose speeches and actions are expected from a pacifist but salty medic. Parrish and Moore? Cringey. They can be contradicting themselves in the same scene and act as if everything was natural. Competent acting hampered by incompetent writing, that is. The writer had somehow managed to produce a load of ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t on a flimsy wet TP and the executives allowed that to pass. The writing is REPULSIVE and DISGUSTING. This is further degraded by the NPC dialogues/actions in the world. (Programmers may be also to blame here.) KPA soldier screaming his way into my line of fire, ""SOLID COPY"" by a rebel... wtf? These do not make sense at all!Oh, and the bloody airship? It only recognizes the player, not other rebels. That's so unfair!When the story is already terrible, there's no sense to spend more than 20 hours trying to redeem any more value out of it.Conclusion: Play it for splash splash bang bang. ♥♥♥♥ the story.PS: Also, if you are a fan of the Gordon Freeman syndrome, this is for you.""Great work, Brady!"" ""All thanks to you, Brady!"" ""Brady, glad that you could make it!"""
76561198108104820,Recommended,223100,31342249,Posted: 24 April,all,Aghyad,"I have read so many mixed and negative reviews about this game, but let me tell you what I think:I just finished this game after around 15 hours of gameplay including main missions and side quests and I must say that I enjoyed every minute of it I don't care about all the other reviews this is my review and I totally recommend this game, it is so much fun the whole atmosphere, the gorgeous graphics and the weapon customisation.Get it on sale go for it and have fun! :)"
,Recommended,223100,25710637,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,Syntax Error,"My experience with the first Homefront game was not especially pleasant.  Although the setting was well done and interesting (even allowing for the ludicrous plot) the game itself felt like every linear FPS single-player campaign criticism rolled into one.  So when Homefront: Revolution was announced, I scoffed and then ignored it until recently when a free weekend had some friends reporting good things and I tried it.  Glad I did.I think most people compare HF:R to an urban Far Cry 3/4 but that's because it's largely true.  Enter a region, note your plot objective, then ignore it as you fight your way through buildings, conquering then and flipping the map from red to blue.  Actions can increase your standing with the city residents until they are finally inspired to rise up and riot, attacking their Korean occupiers.  It's repetitive and, like Far Cry (or games like Mad Max or Shadow of Mordor), by the second strike point you'll probably know if you feel like playing 30 more hours because the game won't change significantly.  The story is serviceable even if nothing amazing or thought-provoking.  It's an excuse to run around a ruined city and shoot dudes and take over territory.  The simple bottom line is that if you enjoy games in the Ubisoft ""point control"" model, you'll likely enjoy Homefront: Revolution.Guns were interesting though the system took me a little while to appreciate. You have your Primary/Secondary weapon but each of them can convert into two additional weapons.  So your semi-auto pistol can convert into a small SMG and/or a silenced pneumatic pistol depending on your needs.  Add in attachments (scopes, silencers, etc) and you get an impressive amount of flexibility and essentially seven weapons at a time (3x Primary, 3x Secondary plus an RPG) though you'll need to plan tactically and find cover to convert your assault rifle into a light machine gun on the fly.  Still, it nicely bridges the gap between console-based limited gun slots and becoming a walking arsenal.Finally, the game includes a co-op system where you and up to three friends can band together for missions and gain experience and money for skill/weapon/gear unlocks.  Although there's an air of randomness about it (you buy a crate and hope for a good weapon), it's all self-contained and there's no item store or cash shops.  The system is in addition to the single player game rather than the focus and it adds some additional play once you're done.To be fair, trying Homefront: Revolution well after its initial release meant that I avoided its rocky, buggy launch and got in after the worst of it was ironed out.  When I played, it was relatively bug free.  No game-breaking issues for me, although once I dropped through the map and once had a physics glitch fatally launch me into the air.  Out of 50 hours of play, I can't complain though. It played well on my aging system (i7-860 @ 3.6GHz, R9 290X, 12GB) with a consistent 60fps at 1080p on High settings."
,Not Recommended,223100,23122440,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Messiah,"Short Review:Pros-Decent Graphics-Okay gun customization and combatCons-Poorly Optimized-Short Story-Terrible Animation-Bad Voice Acting-Lack of uniqueness in content-Very small for being advertised as ""Open World""Long Review:Intro: Homefront at first seemed like a promising game, but red lights began flashing when the original studio closed down and had to switch hands to Dambuster. Deepsilver ended up publishing the game and they have published decent titles in the past including the newest Saints Row and both games in the Metro series. Following this obvious poor pattern of development, it should already be a clear sign that the title probably won't be that good.Pros: That being said the game itself is pretty bad. To start with the pros, I tried my best to understand what good came out of this game, but its really tough considering theres such a very very small amount of unique polish that no other game has. The idea of liberating apartments just reminds me of Far Cry 4, and the ""Hearts and Minds"" or morale meter of increasing the civillian morale is already stolen from other games, first that comes to mind is InFamous: Second Son. The gunplay is that of every other game except it does sort've have an interesting customization concept of swapping gun's slide and replacing it with totally different body. As mentioned in the short review, the graphics are decent, but they're really nothing to go home about, moderate as of 2016 although in a year's time they definitely will fall very short.Cons: Now after slaying the pros I want to present the cons. For one thing, I am running a Nvidia GeForce GtX 980 FTW Edition, and I still found a lot of very poor optimization areas throughout my playthrough. Many stuttering issues that brought my FPS just because a cutscene began or a few enemies loaded on my screen. Next I want to touch on the story. In my opinion the concept seemed kind've cool and sort've unique. The execution of that said concept is very poor, the story is very cliche and predictable, Its also incredibly short, I  managed to beat it in 3 sit downs of about 3 hours. The gameplay in it is so repetitive and you just do the exact same things which include capturing small bases, finding an object and fighting KPA. After you end up beating this short but not very sweet game, you can't even return to it to complete extra side content or upgrade your weapons all the way, which punishes any player who decides to dedicate extra time towards doing the repetitive tasks. The overall production value in this game falls short of many games I've ever played. The animation is absolutely terrible. when jumping in real life I typically don't see my legs spaghetti everywhere even if I am quite thin. Also in cutscenes the major characters seem to just sink into the ground as if the KPA replaced all of America's ground with quicksand. The voice acting falls very short in the impressions that some VA's try to do. And it almost seems as if the highest produced portion of this game is the song that plays in the 35 minute long credits.Overall: The only time I'd recommend you to buy this game is to MAYBE play resistance mode with your friends, but under no circumstances should you spend $60 on it, I'd wait until a sale marks this price down to $10-$20, because thats the absolute MOST value you can get out of this title."
,Not Recommended,223100,23042626,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,DeliveryGodNoah,"Update 5/20- They released a patch today that is supposed to change how the game saves graphical settings, but other than that I did notice that the game does not stutter when the framerate drops below 60, and the devs have repeatedly acknowledged that many are having performance issues. It's a great sign for the future that the game will improve.Graphics- They look good, but it's also a Cryengine game, so it's hard to screw that up. Perhaps a bit rough on the eyes sometimes, however. General texture quality is acceptable, sometimes fantastic, and character models look generally detailed enough to please the majority of the graphically perceptive players. Shadows range from passable (general environmental shadows) to blobby messes (character shadows, small objects) and they do have some heavy impact on performance it would seem. Knocking them down from ""Very High"" to ""High"" gave me a pretty noticeable boost in performance.Lighting in daytime looks really good, however fails to impress in any of the nighttime segments that I've played so far. The only time lighting sources that are not from the daytime look impressive is in smaller indoor areas where there's a lot of artificial lighting going on at once.The world itself really does have a very nice amount of detail, and it really does feel like a real urban environment, at least so far. There are some woeful oversights however, such as ocean water not only being entirely flat, but also hardly even existant. Now I understand, maybe swimming plays absolutely zero role in this game, but for me to get a ""leaving mission area"" warning the second my feet touch the water, and to have my character literally walk on top of the water as if it was completely solid and then just suddenly fall into it when I ""get too far out of the zone"" seems really unpolished and a little lazy. At least use some stock Cryengine water or something.Animations overall are average. I can't say I noticed anything too bad, but they don't standout either. They do flounder pretty signifigantly when there are a lot of NPCs in the same spot all trying to out manuever each other, and they glitch out and spaz as they continue to waltz in each other's way.Graphic options are pretty basic. If you've played a Crytek game before, it will look very familiar. Simple labels with simple settings. There is an FOV slider, but it doesn't go very far and it seems to be using Vertical FOV rather than ""standard"" horitzontal, so the label only goes up to 65, which using a conversion calculator says should equal about 95 horizontal FOV. Probably the largest offense with this however, is that not only does it not really look like the FOV is quite that high, but there are some serious clipping issues with the first person animations when set this way. I also have yet to find an open configuration file that lets you change this further, but I'm also not the most observant with the files.Performance- Not too great. I'm running a 980ti and a 4770 CPU, and I am having trouble keeping it at 60, and when it drops, it stutters. It doesn't drop signifigantly however, generally only falling between 50-58 FPS, but it makes the game hiccup a bit (Vsync doesn't make a difference).Again, turning the shadows setting down seemed to help a bit, but not enough to make it stable. I'm curious if it's a symptom of the game loading in assests as I'm moving around, as it does even out smoothly when I stay still or at least in the same small area of the map, but there are a few times where framerate drops regardless. The ""Objects"" setting also seems to help, but very minimally. I'll toy around with these settings further, but I'm not even that upset that the framerate drops, I'm more offended by the fact that the game stutters so badly when doing so, especially when it's only dropping by 5 frames at most.Sound/Voice Acting- I'm a bit let down with this one, sadly. You can hear most things just fine, but the mixing does sound slightly off. A few voices do seem to be too quiet or drowned out, and environmental sounds seem passable at best. I also can barely recall the music (though again, I haven't played too much yet), and what I can remember seemed rather generic.Voice acting is also disappointing. I've certainly heard worse, dear god, have I heard worse, but I've heardwaybetter. In the opening scenes, none of the voice actors caught my attention and truly tried to draw me into the experience. They just played the part and that was it. If I had to describe their performance, I'd say it sounds like most of them honestly have real talent, but not enough experience to truly deliver it. Other voices actors are pretty bad though, at least to me. Maybe I'm spoiled after playing a bit of Uncharted 4, but I don't feel engaged as a player with the voice acting.Gameplay- This is where some things get pretty positive. For example, the gun customization. The first weapon you get is a standard pistol. However, you also are told to buy a conversion kit. This plays an interestingly detailed animation of the weapon being taken apart in your hands, and then put back together as a sub machine gun. I have no idea the realism of this mechanic, but it does look really, really cool, and I genuinely look forward to trying out other gun conversion mods later in the game.Guns that I've used so far also feel okay. Not amazing though. There is some recoil to them, and a little impact, but they could have been much better. What's interesting, is that you can steady your aim with every weapon as far as I can tell. You can of course aim traditionally down the sights and fire away, but the recoil (even with a mouse) will throw your aim off. However, holding shift while aiming will make it more steady and allow you to hit the target better. It's a neat addition to the gunplay I think, and makes it a little more challenging.Controls feel very Crysis-like, if that makes sense, as in, they are a little weighty, and you can see your characters shadow and body when looking downward. You can walk up to some surfaces and mantle them, giving the game some slight verticality (which will likely be expanded upon later in the game, I imagine) and you move at a decent pace. There are vehicles in the game, or at least a motorcycle so far. On a keyboard, I didn't have any trouble controlling it. The mouse sensitivity shoots up when using it, but otherwise drives just fine, and it a rather fast way to get across the map. I haven't found out just how large the game's ""open world"" is yet, but it seems quite big, at least from my own perception.There is a looting system, ostensibly leading to some more complex crafting, but so far I've only crafted molotovs.ConclusionShould you buy Homefront: The Revolution today, right now? Perhaps not. Despite any praise I've given the game, honestly, nothing about the game as a whole feels very polished. It feels like it really need a few more months of development. And maybe patches will iron out the performance issues and tweak the gameplay for the better, but that's never an excuse.I know a few people crossed between buying this and the new DOOM, and if asked I would immedietely say get DOOM. I haven't personally played it yet, but I'm sure you've seen the great praise it's gotten from critics and players alike. Go get DOOM for now. Homefront will still be here later, hopefully in a more polished state. Get it on sale if possible.I really like the game's ideas and the atmosphere it's trying to go for. It does look really pretty, and has some neat mechanics, but nothing is fleshed out."
,Recommended,223100,31129647,Posted: 13 April,all,Sharik,"Basic informationTitle:Homefront: The RevolutionDeveloper(s):Deep SilverPublisher(s):Deep SilverGenre(s):Shooter, Modern, First-Person, ActionSingleplayer:YesMultiplayer:YesNumerical ImpressionOverall*/10AI5Atmosphere6Gameplay5Graphics8Characters5Optimization8Originality6Sound9Soundtrack5Story5Ratings62/100General ImpressionWhile it may not be a perfect masterpiece, Homefront: The Revolution has extremely strong cult appeal. For the average gamer, this probably doesn’t mean much, but for people looking for something out of the ordinary, I highly recommend giving this a try. If you’re not sure, pick it up on sale like I did."
,Not Recommended,223100,29727504,Posted: 5 February,all,-Mr. Furious-,"I bought Homefront: The Revolution on a steam sale even after reading a bunch of mixed reviews.  Unfortunately, mixed is probably the best way to describe it.  Homefront gameplay and design is essentially a combination of more successful games but lacks the fluidity, narrative, and variation to sell it.  It does some things well: the cover system mostly works, guns look and sound unique, and the environment is initially interesting.  Unfortunately, that's about all the good that I can list.  Within a few hours, the missions are all virtually identical, the storyline is short and uninteresting, and the characters are forgettable.  I found myself listening to podcasts while I essentially ground out each area.  It wasn't particularly difficult; just very vanilla gameplay.If I had to name the number one sin of the game, it's the lack of any variation.  If you play an hour of the game, you'll know exactly what the rest of the game is going to be like.  At no point do you have any real sense of urgency or connectedness to the people.  It's just... boring."
,Not Recommended,223100,23077709,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Raff,"Just completed the campaign and it was 19 hours for me, doing just about everything.  haven't done the co-op but from what I can see it's not worth writing home about.  Gameplay is ok, not great, story is good, not great.  All and all it's probably a item that should wait until it's on sale.  It's a decent game just not worth the money it's listed as right now.I had no problems with crashing, fps was consistent 54 on high with shadows turned down (they seemed buggy fps wise) with I7-3770k Gtx 960 with 16 gb of ram..  I didn't have any issues with fps drops or hitching of any kind ran good. Also there are reports of adding this-USEALLAVAILABLECORE to launch options helps."
,Recommended,223100,28547281,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,TheBreakfast,"The first word that comes to mind while playingHomefront: The Revolution, is ""atmosphere."" I'm a fan of atmospheric first person shooters, and I was recommended this game by someone who said it felt likeS.T.A.L.K.E.R.: Shadow of Chernobyl. For you fellow STALKERS, I can't quite say it hits the spot completely, but it scratches that itch better than many other games. I recommend playing on the highest difficulty setting for best results.Truth be told, this game scratches a lot of itches. I understand why it was critically panned: there are obvious technical and performance issues, the story is a bit obnoxious, and the characters are almost completely unlikable. But, it's far from being the ""worst game ever made"" that some reviewers labeled it as. The gameplay here is prime. Depending on which ""zone"" you're in, it sits somewhere betweenFreedom Fighters,S.T.A.L.K.E.R., andDeus Ex, with elements ofGTA: San Andreas,TerminatorandHalf-Life 2thrown in for good measure. It has all the gameplay notes of a cult classic.In the ""Red Zones"" feel most comparable to theTerminatorseries' machine war scenes. The oppressive KPA army (the enemy inHomefront: The Revolution) patrols these zones with airships and drones that force you to crawl beneath rubble and ruined buildings to stay undetected and safe. The sound design, music and lighting in these areas are excellent, and create a constant sense of unease. I found myself cautiously peeking out from under cover to look for the telltale green search beams of the airships. The sound they make is... unsettling. One Red Zone even features aMetro: 2033-like gas mask mechanic, and although it honestly doesn’t impact the gameplay much (other than changing the visuals and sound a bit), it does go a long way towards making the game feel more hostile.In the ""Yellow Zones"" things feel closer toHalf-Life 2andDeus Ex. Trash and torched cars litter the streets, and people live in extreme poverty. KPA soldiers and vehicles patrol the streets in more formation, and individual officers harass civilians (much like the civil protection inHalf-Life 2). In these areas, you need to cause civil unrest by secretly sabotaging KPA propaganda equipment while remaining undetected. It’s thrilling to observe guard patterns from out of sight, and move your way through these areas stealthily.While it may not be a perfect masterpiece,Homefront: The Revolutionhas extremely strong cult appeal. For the average gamer, this probably doesn’t mean much, but for people looking for something out of the ordinary, I highly recommend giving this a try. If you’re not sure, pick it up on sale like I did."
76561198028170373,Recommended,223100,28211407,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Benzin,"This game took a lot of heat after it launched, with almost everyone saying it was terrible.I cant comment on this as i dint play it back then, But i can say that in its current state, i like the game quite a bit.The few bugs that remain are minor, and dont affect the gameplay significantly.A few ppl still complain that its too hard, and that you can get swarmed by enemies, But in my opinion what those people dont understand is that this is one of those few FPSs where you are NOT invincible. You actually have to know when to fight AND when to run (like when reinforcements arrive), or you WILL die.I find this game mechanic very realistic, you are fighting in occupied cities, crawling with enemy soldiers. It makes sense that once you start trouble you HAVE to do your thing fast and go away before you get swarmed.The weapons are great imo, they actually have recoil, you CANNOT carry 10 rifles, 1 rpg, 50 grenades and a flame thrower. You actually have a carrying capacity, and you also have a reasonable capacity on how much ammo you can carry. There is also a system where you customize and even transform your guns at any time, e.g. buy the proper ""kits"" and turn your pistol into an SMG, add a silencer, or a laser sight, etc. Any time you want! no need to go to a ""weapons bench"" or anything.Some also say that the game is ""too generic"", that it doesnt do anything diferent. I couldnt disagree more.In my eyes, ->Realism<- sets this game apart. You are NOT invincible, you CANNOT defeat 150 enemy soldiers at the same time, you CANNOT carry an entire warehouse of guns & ammo, and you CANNOT endure 5 RPG hits to the head.Here you cant just go running arround shooting everything. You have to plan your attacks, or die.Overall i find the game realistic, and very fun to play.Graphics are very nice, and currently the game runs fine on my less than stellar PC (i5, nvidia GTX 750ti). No performance issues for me.Controls are responsive and easy to learn & use.Bottom line:If your idea of an FPS is ""i am God, no one can touch me, and i will just run and kill everything i see"", then you will probably NOT like this one.If you prefeer the gameplay to be more tense, where you need to plan stuff and act fast to avoid being chopped to pieces, conserve ammo, plan on what weapons are right for the current job, and know when you need to retreat instead of fight, then you will like this one!"
,Not Recommended,223100,23128361,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,TricciRicci,"Thumbs up for steams refunding policy, thumbs down for gameplay and optimization."
76561198044203858,Recommended,223100,25095235,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,fuTURE,"- While the story is predicatable, the story is still good.- AI; the AI is pretty good, and underrated.- Although the missions can get repetitive, they are still fun because you can complete them in a number of ways.- Graphics are good, but not very optimized.- Devs are working to help fix the problems.- Map is large, and fun to explore.7/10: It's a fun far cry like game, that is unoptomized, but the devs are working to fix it. If you want it, I suggest waiting for a sale.Edit:- Patches have been put it, most notably the 2.0.- I believe that the game has been optimized better.I'd still reccomend looking for a sale."
76561198042069229,Recommended,223100,30491944,Posted: 13 March,all,ParanoidAndroid,"By all accounts, Homefront: The Revolution should have never seen the light of day. The game passed through at least four developers and three publishers before its final release in May of 2016. With that kind of development hell, it’s frankly amazing that the game even came out and even more shocking that the game is even good.Having played Homefront: The Revolution in March of 2017, I cannot speak to its supposedly rocky launch. When the game released, it was met with a wave of discontent and uproar about everything from performance and glitches to being flat out broken. There were even people claiming this to be “The Worst Game Ever Made”. First off, let’s dispel that hyperbolic nonsense, in no universe is Homefront: The Revolution “The Worst Game Ever Made”. Homefront is shockingly competent given its development history, not that its history gives it a pass by any means, but I do think it’s important to look at it with context.As far as the actual gameplay goes, Homefront plays like an urban Far Cry. The long and short of it is that if you enjoyed Far Cry 3 and/or 4 then you’ll probably enjoy Homefront. It has all of the trappings of a Far Cry game: open world, climbing structures to reveal part of the map, light crafting and customization, etc. There are some aspects, however, that I think Homefront does better than the Far Cry games. Climbing towers in the Far Cry games are usually pretty straightforward but in Homefront, it’s often a puzzle that must be solved. Rarely is a base or tower a straightforward affair. I often found myself circling the building multiple times to find my pathway up. This little wrinkle made a normally mundane process a bit more rewarding. This is also in part due to the excellent traversal. This game gets first person movement right, and is some of the best feeling in any FPS I’ve played.Running around and capturing strongholds was quite satisfying as I think the free roam nature of this game is its strong suit. In fact, I think the best compliment I can give Homefront is that I never even used the fast travel feature. Compare this to a game like Mafia 3 which was utterly painful to play by the end because of the lack of fast travel. In Mafia, there was nothing to do between your destinations whereas is Homefront there’s always a pack of enemies right around the corner ready for a firefight. This emergence is really where Homefront shines.The gunplay in Homefront: The Revolution is properly meaty and all the guns have a heft to them that feels satisfying. While I enjoyed the ability to customize my weapons on the fly, it would have been nice to have an extra weapon or two. The weapons, and the world, do have a nice sense of patched-togetherness that you would expect out of a crumbled Philadelphia.I haven’t mentioned the story yet because, well, it’s pretty average. I like to play a lot of games primarily for the story but Homefront: The Revolution was not one of them. While not bad, the story was pretty boilerplate revolt and uprising stuff. There’s nothing here that you haven’t seen before. It’s enough to string together sequences but don’t expect a gripping thriller here.I’ll speak briefly about the DLC since I didn’t give it much playtime: skip it unless you really loved the story. I found all three of the story DLC’s to be subpar of the main game mostly due to the fact that they’re extremely linear. Now I’m not opposed to linearity, in fact I often prefer it to open worlds, but Homefront’s strength is in its open world. When you change the element that it does best, it’s going to suffer. Again, it’s not terrible, but it’s nothing that I would recommend buying unless you’re dying to get more of the story, which they do expand on.Despite its tortured development history, I think that Dambuster Studios managed to make a pretty darn enjoyable game in Homefront: The Revolution. The game has no right to be as fun as it is but its mechanics come together to create scenarios that remain enjoyable throughout its 13 plus hour campaign. While I would not recommend it at full price, I think that there is great fun to be had here if you can snag the game while on sale. While doubtful, I would love to see another entry in the series."
,Not Recommended,223100,23880971,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,SadPanda,"I am with a lot of the people out there who have encountered a glitch in this game. Regrettably mine was a game killing one. Everything I have seen online suggests that the only way to fix this glitch is to uninstall then reinstall and start all over again.When in Lombard and doing the find the goliath schematics mission be wary to only shoot the tiles in the designated building don't stab them.This game had great potential and I wanted to believe that it wouldn't be as bad as a lot of people were making it out to be. However, this glitch along with a few other annoyances that made the game seem excessively rushed and incomplete.Parts of this game were amazing but then the others were just terrible. I can't in good conscience recommend a game that will be as potentially faulty as mine. Dambuster... Please try again, don't give up on it."
76561198051384176,Recommended,223100,31176088,Posted: 16 April,all,♋️LunarCainEX🐶,"Can't think of anyway to make a Detailed Review after seeing this at the End Game Credits.Despite earning many Negative Publicity, I never expected they are this dedicated to keep their IP Alive. Kinda Heartbreaking.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=906667611Specially Tweet them to get Repliedhttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=908096154"
,Recommended,223100,25443137,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Lt. Ripper,"I have heard a lot of negative things about this game. And after trying it during the free to play weekend myself, I don't really understand why it got so much hate. I have yet to experience a technical issue (aka crash to desktop, low FPS etc.), graphics are really nice and I really enjoy the whole gameplay aspect.If you liked Far Cry 3, you'll like Homefront: The Revolution."
,Recommended,223100,30355550,Posted: 6 March,all,Rhysy,"Homefront: The Revolution should be judged on what it has become.  It started of as an ambitious project to create an open world guerilla warfare FPS.  However, on release it fell short of that mark...severely so.But that didn't stop Dambuster Studio from working on this labour of love.  Every DLC they released brought progress.  Every patch they sent out made the gameplay better. These are the types of developers that should be encouraged and celebrated.Nonetheless, the shooting mechanics are solid.  Each weapon has it own feel and you'll grow to love one over the other depending on your play style. The equipment you are given and can upgrade will make your play style individual - whether you go in guns blazing, stealth play or build a RC car with a bomb attached to really spice things up.  The story line isn't the greatest, but decent to keep you engaged to the next set piece.For what the game is now, it is worth every cent.  Don't expect a game changer, but a truly solid game to wile away the hours.  Persist with it and have fun."
76561197992121541,Recommended,223100,31016655,Posted: 8 April,all,Commandante,"Homefront revolution is far cry and dying light kinda open world game.Story is simple,you are a resistance fighter trying to liberate his country from North Korean invaders.To reach your goal you are using guerilla tactics.Hit & Escape,set traps,steatlh etc.pros:+Game uses cry engine.Graphics are good and become better if you turn on super sampling.+Guerilla warfare+open world+Crossbow and RC Car bomb.+Detailed weapon modifications+Alternative ""what if"" historyCons:-Sometimes missions become repetitive (take over outpost kinda missons)-When you detected you are surrounded by korean soldiers instantly spawned.At least they should come with trucks etc.not to spawn instantly.-You may experience some little bugs.Personal note: In my opinion,If Homefront series set at 1980's in the USSR occupied USA would be more plausible and interesting than North Korean occupy."
,Recommended,223100,33342876,Posted: 7 July,all,Capital Knockers ^◊^,"Schlocky. The story is pretty laughable. But... I had fun? Yeah It's pretty fun. Lovely dystopian atmosphere. Weighty, loud gunplay. The graphics and effects are pretty good too.Not a masterpiece by any means. Not bad though."
,Recommended,223100,30749707,Posted: 26 March,all,HK,"I really don't know why there's all the hate for this game? Anyone who likes the Farcry games would like this one, I'm sure. Basically the same functions, maybe copied or, help from the Ubisoft team, IdK, however, it's running smoother than most of the other games I have, using a MSI R9 270-OC card with W7.I really wouldn't say it's an'Open World'game, more like an'Open City'game where you can use many avenues to get around in, although, if you've played the Metro games and others like it, many of the buildings are inaccessable, more freedom of movement though. There are no save as you go type systems in the game other than, checking into one of the,""Safe Houses'you capture as you progress throughout the missions. There's also,""Quick Travel'like in the FC games. You can backtrack to find things you've missed or, finish capturing important areas if you passed them by while doing the campaign, that's not a problem.Lots of side missions, same as in FC, for the locals, to build up your credits & xp along the way to purchase upgrades or, afterward, they aren't mandatory as you progress through the campaign.Credits and the like are pretty easily earned, you can find items all over if you look for them. They don't pay much but, this game can be farm crazy, killing the enemy. Just remember, if you bite off more than you can chew, you'll lose it all on your respawn. No biggie. Just go back and farm some more. lolThe crafting system is easy enough too. Its on a wheel and as long as, you have the right material, you can craft much of what you need and not have to purchase any of them from the store at the Safe Houses.The stealth / take-down is not too bad either, sort of like FC & SE mixed. Or, you can run and gun your way through it but, that just makes it harder on the locals. The less notoriety, the more help you get from them. Need not let them suffer because of your recklessness.As for multiplayer? There is none but, you can play it co-op with a friend. That I haven't done.I got it on sale so, if you're thinking about it, do the same. You can always get a refund, ya know.Bugs / glitches? Haven't found any yet.9/10"
,Recommended,223100,28030329,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Precipve,"My short reviewThis game came out on 20th of May, so that is half a year ago. I saw some pretty bad reviews, so i kept my wallet closed. I really liked the first game though, so it made me sad.Now i'm almost 20 hours in, and i think it's safe to say it's a really good game. If you play games similar toFar CryorAssassins Creed, this game is definitely for you. I know the developers have been through some tough times, but i think they did their best in trying not to disappoint us. Of course there are some bugs (the AI is kind of dumb), but it's definitely playable.It's an open world game with great graphics, decent story (more of a ""lets blow up this and that, demolish this and Americaaaa, f*ck yeah!""(remember that Dodge commercial? :X )) and it runs smoothly on my 1.5 years old Asus ROG gaming laptop.I haven't finished the main campaign yet (yeah, there is one big main campaign and two smaller ones), but i would already give this7.8/10."
,Recommended,223100,30279164,Posted: 2 March,all,Saibot,"EDIT 09.03.2017:Since my Review is getting a hell of attention, let me say something:YOU CAN PLAY TIMESPLITTERS 2 AS A EASTER EGG IN THE LAST STAGE!!!!http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=880032133omg... dude...Can somebody tell me why this Game got around 50% positive rating? Because I don't see a reason to hate this Game? Am i missing something?The Game feels great, runs great at 100+ FPS mostly [Specs mentioned below].The Story ist ""Okay / good"". It's nothing really special, which you haven't seen somewhere else, but its worth its 15€ actually.The Cutscenes are well made, and you have full control on the World Map.It's a FPS Open World Shooter, that's why you have much choices to do!For Example you can upgrade your weapon as you wish, with money, maybe some visor or upgrade your Damage? I Love that you can just pull off the Top of your pistol and put on an SMG, like wtf? :DThe Game feels actually pretty decent and I dont see any reason to dislike this gameIt gets a solid 8/10 for me, atleast for playing the first 2 Hours straight.Specs:i7 4770k @ 3.50ghzGTX 1070 EVGA SC with 8gb VRAM16 GB DDR3 RAM*RECOMMENDED*"
,Recommended,223100,26636417,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Scharmers (Qt3),"If you want a solid, semi-open-world shooter with all of the modern frills, you could do far worse than Rev 2.  The setup is still ludicrous -- North Korea turns America into an occupied apocalyptic hellscape -- but it's pretty clear that the headcanon is that China are the bad guys, which is slightly less ludicrous.  In any event, I had a very good time crawling around like the dirty Yankee rat that I am, avoiding contact when I could, and gunning down the faceless Yellow hordes when I couldn't.  All of the various gameplay systems work well without any real gripes on my part, except maybe that the weapons lack enough ""oomph"".  The graphics and effects are nicely current-gen in 2016.  I recommend Rev 2 to anyone who wants a decent FPS to fill their time between the big releases.Note that I played the game after it was patched up and the price knocked down half."
76561198145960593,Recommended,223100,29411178,Posted: 21 January,all,killemall,"Although this game has its issues, it's fun at its core. It was a steal for about 15 dollars, and highly worth the money.The multiplayer has lots of customization options. From what you were before the KPA invaded (which number is in the 20s) to the amount of different helments, gas masks, shinguards, etc. in the game (which is at least 200+), it isn't too hard to find a look that meets your needs. The missions are fun and challenging on the ""hard"" difficulty.The main game is good as well. Although the story is somewhat cliche, the different places you go to look amazing and provide you with lots of eye-candy. The gradual change in the environment from KPA to Resistance also is refreshing.The gun custimization is somewhat limited but good as well. You can attatch silencers to muzzle-breaks on a multitude firearms, and all of them do their job quite well. The addition of allowing you to change your firearm's attachment and ""mode"" is also refreshing and very useful. For example, if you have the modification, you can transform the long ranged, silent crossbow into a flamethrower to decimate and roast infantry (literally).Although the capturing of the different zones has been labeled ""repetitive,"" I actually found it quite varied. The tasks for each point you captured were different and forced me to think about how to liberate each one. One notable one I remember was when I came across a capture point where you had to somehow get a motorcycle onto a roof to charge a generator and capture the area.The voice acting, I must admit, was only alright, and there still exists multiple AI bugs and glitches that need attention.Another thing I would like to touch on is the the cap of 20 skills per character in the multiplayer ""Resistance Mode."" Although well intentioned, this cap only limits your character's potential and forces you to use more than one character.Overall, this game is well worth the cost if it is on sale; however, if it is not so I suggest that you wait until another one comes along.Thanks for reading!Killemall"
,Recommended,223100,26032710,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Paul,"Homefront 2 didn't interest me much. I finished the first one and it wasn't a good game. On the rails shooting gallery that felt too long even with its pathetic four hours of playtime.Second one wasn't developed by Kaos, but when I learnt that it's being cooked by Crytek UK, known as the muppets behind Haze, my enthusiasm didn't exactly grow. Plus all the trouble during development, bankruptcy of the publisher, change of dev team to Frankfurt, then back to UK, unpaid salaries of emplyoees, half the dev team leaving, then Deep Silver buying the project (followed by the return of the previously left devs, incl. game director Hasit Zala)...No good game could have come out of this mess, could it ?Well, according to reviews, no, it could not and it did not. For inexplicable reason (well..of course it was money) Deep Silver decided to release the game around 4 months before it was finished, at a time when console versions were almost unplayable due to low framerates, and PC version was a lottery ticket - one had it unplayable, the other could play, plagued by bugs.To Deep Silver's credit though, they allowed Dambusters (new name of Crytek UK aka Free Radical) to finish the game post-release, via some hardcore patching. Of course, the low sales and low review scores are set.But, patch it they did!First the technical side then. Homefront 2 looks fantastic, almost photorealistic at times. Cryengine has amazing lightning. War zones have, particularly at night, impressive atmosphere. Framerate is pretty much perfect now - 60fps maxed out in 1080p (on 2500K@4ghz, GTX1070) without any significant drops or stutters. There are some ocassional glitches here and there, a bit of pop-in, but nothing too distracting. The patches also added ability to tune HUD (turn off almost everything) and FoV.Now on to the game itself. Unlike the first one, Revolution is much more open affair. It takes place in Philadelphia divided into multiple zones. These zones are either Red, where most of the battles against Korea took place (Revolution takes place 4 years after the US lost the war), so they are bombed out and reminded me of the 2029 scenes of Terminator 2 (Revolution also takes place in 2029, probably not a coincindence). These zones have great atmosphere and contain the FarCry/STALKER like gameplay with taking over bases and open combat against KPA armed forces.Yellow zones are full of civilians and instead of open combat, you need to play a guerilla rebel, taking out enemies stealthily. These most reminded me of City 17 from HL2 right after you arrive, except here you are an active saboteur, not just an observer.Thanks to these zones the game is nicely varied, it is not constantly the same killing gameplay all the time.Revolution has some very likeable sense for detail, you can see some here:https://twitter.com/BlendoGames/status/776632296472313856I like games that show their interface through ingame object - in STALKER it was PDA, in FarCry 2 you hand held the map, in Homefront you have a korean phone :)The arsenal is great. There are not many weapons, but each can be modified in multitude of ways and each upgrade feels worthwhile. The punch and feel of the guns is flawless, the sniper rifle is one of my favourites. You can transform guns completely, for example make uzi from a pistol, or a flamethrower from a crossbow. Plus there are bombs strapped to RC cars or teddy bears at your leisure.The game surprised me. I only gave it a chance because of the free weekend and I ended up buying it and finishing it since I enjoyed it so much. I liked it significantly more than FarCry 4 or Division, which I played right before Homefront.That said, there are some flaws. The most significant one for me - the silent fu**ing protagonist. Oh how I hate this trope. There is even a moment in the game when another character shouted at me ""Say something Ethan!"" and my lovely Ethan just looked, the mute idiot that he is. Please devs, stop with this nonsense. It is not adding to immersion. It is hurting it.Another flaw is that the AI could be better. Felt a bit too canon foddery at times. Too bad we will probably never see AI exceed or at least match what first FEAR offered in 2005.Anyway. Great game. Give it a chance. Oh and that easter egg is effin' awesome.Here are some gameplay vids I took:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2bSG7au_RII(red zone)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=weXgxB3PevE(yellow zone)"
76561198047559711,Recommended,223100,26845265,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,geckonator9,"This game was an awful mess at launch, and it still has technical issues, but I think it's mostly been patched into something with some real value.The campaign missions are generic modern shooter stuff, but the open world has fun elements.  If you're into the ""liberate regions of the map with gunplay and some light stealth"" gameplay of, say, Far Cry and want it in an urban, anti-authoritarian package, you'll probably like this game.  The Yellow Zones (civilian regions where you have to inspire people into joining the resistance) in particular are fun as you have to sneak and run past large patrols while doing your best to cause damage and help people.I recommend picking it up on sale.  It's probably not worth a full $60, but for any less than that it's good if this is your kind of game.I haven't played the DLC yet, so no comment on them and the season pass."
,Recommended,223100,26867662,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,[K]ladenak92,"Not sure, why everyone is hatin' this game. It's nice."
76561198008397261,Not Recommended,223100,31282069,Posted: 21 April,all,Reaper{135},"Homefront the Revolution is a first person shooter based in a time where the United States of America has been taken over by the North Korean Army. Which is controlled by a company called APEX. The game is based in Philadelphia where you play as Ethan Brady and assist the resistance in gaining control and fighting back against the North Korean control.The world is filled with interesting sites and is open for you to explore, with some areas needing to be unlocked. Overall the map is not very large or filled with anything particularly entertaining.The gameplay is a bit unrefined, where you can feel the controls not responding to your input exactly. The climbing is somewhat empty and provides a Far Cry 3 kind of feel and the aiming and cover based system feel slow to respond. The crafting and weapons upgrading system is interesting, but very basic and more diverse than a game like this requires. Most people will choose on weapon and stick to it and only upgrade that weapon.The visuals of the game are interesting and the graphics is beautiful especially in the Beyond the Walls DLC. The unique markers that represent objectives or stashes in the world offer interesting immersion. The characters are interesting, but don’t provide enough content to get a true interaction between them. The graphics on the faces are good, but can sometimes seem off from the sound.The story involves fighting off the KPA as a resistance member. The plot develops at a steady pace, with the open world allowing players to explore and liberate section of the world. With each step of full resistance in an area you will not change of behaviour of the locals towards the KPA. This makes you feel a sense of progress; however the missions become repetitive with regards to the open world side quests.The main story has its ups and downs, but provides an interesting single player experience. With characters struggling to make decisions and cope with the struggles of trying to liberate your home through war.The multiplayer is a basic 4 player co-op shooter. There are objectives given on certain maps and the players must work together to defend a position or take an objective. This is enjoyable, especially with friend, but only for a few hours.Overall the game has an interesting atmosphere and different approach of storytelling to a resistance war, which may be attractive to some players.If you enjoy first person shooters, with great visuals and linear stories and don’t mind the slightly clunky controls then maybe you’ll enjoy Homefront the Revolution.Homefront the Revolution is not a bad game, it just isn't a good game. Especially compared to other FPS games and the potential the game had to use the open world properly.Rating: 6/10"
,Recommended,223100,32131267,Posted: 2 June,all,JOEJETT,"Initially I was put off buying this game because of its mixed reviews. I actually bought it in a sale, and you know what, Im so glad I did. Ive played through the main sections and found that this game is fun and on occasions challenging. The story is very good giving a whole rounded feel to all the main characters. If you too have thought about getting this game I think you should try it for yourselves, Im sure it is nothing like the first game; which I played on consol back in the day."
,Recommended,223100,28551588,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Magnivilator,"I bought HF:TR for only 11$ in the Steam sale, I must say it is a great game.This game has on my rig pretty good optimization (AMD RX480). I play on 1080p with almost always 60 FPS on the highest settings.The graphic is great. CryEngine really delivers it.The sound as well.The plot is nice and the characters in the game are interesting, but it is not more than decent.The gameplay is very similiar to Farcry gameplay: open world shooting game where you need to unlock outposts (or any other way you want to call it) and have a main missions that you can do.The game is pretty easy as well.in the end I think you should buy this game in a sale. it is a decent fun game. DONT BUY FOR CO OP! CO OP SUCKS♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,223100,28658140,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,icerouther,"Homefront: The Revolution follows what's known as the Far Cry Formula. So basicly it's a open world shooter with a bunch of side activities to do apart from the main missions. So if you like the Far Cry Games (FC2-FC4) (FC1 doesn't actually follow this open world formula, which the other Far Cry Games do), there is a good chance you'll like this aswell. However I don't think it can live quiet up to the Far Cry Games. But that's enough comparison to the Far Cry Franchise.The game is running on one of the more recent versions of the Cry-Engine. So it looks pretty good. Not quiet as good as Crysis 3, but close. I like the design of the Environment. I think it pictures very realisticly how a destroyed American City would actually look like.The Shooter mechanics work just fine thoughout the game.The game is set in Philadelphia in the year 2027. Two years, after North Korea invaded the USA.The main story is entertaining, but nothing particularly special. However I think the story telling outside of the actual main story is done pretty well. you can find letters from people, both american and korean throughout the city, where you can read more of the story of individuals during the war. simular to how you can find journal entries and stuff on terminals in fallout games that will tell you more little stories that happened in this fictional world.So yes it's a good game. But if you are not particularly looking for this dirty somewhat realistic war setting of the near future and you have not played all the Far Cry Games yet, than these may be worth to take a look at aswell."
76561198097597511,Recommended,223100,29217357,Posted: 12 January,all,Wayz,"I feel this game needs some praise because of early reviews people are giving it a wide birth and online play is suffering for this reason.Its far better than some would have you think IMO.  The campagn is much like farcry 2&3 with the concept of taking back the map one section at a time and this suits the hit n run style gameply a lot.I enjoyed so much I even broke one of my own rules and got the season pass due to the content being substantial for the price and I needed more than 30 hours of content after it was done.The online coop is fun also with objective based gauntlets for 4 players to work through.If I have any gripes at all its that the skill system in online mode and certain gear like suppressors for rifles & armour are all not availible in single player which would have added a lot to the campaign, also no mod support to add these things ourselves which IMO there is no excuse for in a game these days, all games should have mod support as there is high demand."
76561198042859623,Not Recommended,223100,23151307,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,RedKobra,"***Never ever buy this game***Feels like it is still in Beta, however it has been sold and marketed as complete. This game is now so broken that it will freeze or black-screen within about 5 minutes of play. Sometimes publishers will push a game to be release too early and put way too much pressure on the developer. That could be the case here, howver since the patches have now made the game completely unplayable I'm leaning towards total incompetence as the main cause.Here are some of the persistant issues:- Pressing or spamming *Enter* will sometimes not skip logos upon startup despite displayed message stating to do so.- Game black-screened with continuing audio, after opening cinematic on first try.- Awkward and dysfunctional parkour. Dambuster Studios could take some lessons from Assassin's Creed.- Bad AI. NPCs have a habit of trapping you in a corner or blocking a doorway.- Can't do the Car Park Chop Shop mission due to a bug with the motorcycle dyno which results in the rollerdoor not opening.- Gameplay completely stalls on the Power To The People mission, meaning that you can make no further progress in the game. Only option is to restart from the beginning with a random chance that it may happen again.- Light outside of doorways is too blinding and washed out to see a KPA target shooting at you.- NPCs clip through each other, the ground, and other objects.- NPCs will come and stand in front of you just as you pull the trigger on your RPG resulting in their death and possibly your own.- NPCs in your squad act like they're on an invisible bungie cord and will stand so close to you that they can push you off a ledge.- Patches are reminiscent of DayZ, where every patch makes something worse.- Developer wants to expand the game in the future so it's quite likely that more features will be broken in the future.*Edit:*Now that the game has been 'patched' you can expect more frequent black-screening, even on the introductory level.*The frame rate is so bad after the introductory level that it stutters worse than Michael Palin 	(as Ken Pile) in A Fish Called Wanda.*Edit:*The latest 2.0 patch has resulted in a weird stuttering issue related to the running mechanics. Also seen in running NPCs.*For some reason they've spent time adding 2 new maps for the 3 players that still play resistance mode."
,Not Recommended,223100,23138154,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,"Fluffy, King of the Bullsquids","It is huge step up from how I remember the first being, the open world and revolution are a nice touch but its just so easy. On the hardest mode the AI has no other moves then get in cover and call for more people to get in cover, although you take a decent amount of damage it doesent change how overpowered your weapons are and how easy it is to upgrade everything. Half way through the game I ended up in a new yellow zone that ""Isnt like anything you've seen"".... it was alot more pretty for about 2 minutes before i hit a couple of radio's.... if thats all the revolution needed then why the ♥♥♥♥ are we trying so hard to save this dude. I dont think i'll end up finishing this just because it wasnt very challenging at all, If the end turns out being you're all we ever needed I wouldnt be suprised though. In the end even with the extra mechanics it felt like a watered down division.Just a sidenote almost all the negative reviews mention bugginess which i cant comment on, worst thing I came across was terrible AI popin, half a block away stuff would spawn and despawn, but the actual game seemed to play fine, might be an issue related to certain people?"
,Recommended,223100,30385327,Posted: 7 March,all,vuzuv,"Worth a purchase at $10-12 or less for the game + DLC.  Not worth more.There are brilliant little elements sewed in to an otherwise repetitive open-world FPS.  Interesting concept, good game to play for a few days or a couple of weekends.Isn't going to net you hundreds of hours, but you'll get your $10-12 worth considering I went to a movie last night for $14.25."
,Not Recommended,223100,23098509,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,MarkOfTheByte,"Bought this game and in the 1 hour i attempted to play i crashed every 2 mins on a dedicated gaming PC, got a refund.  I don't recommend getting this game until they patch this mess."
76561198027484569,Recommended,223100,25680261,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Buba Lee Roy Smith T. Jones III,"It took me 106 hours to complete. I will say this game was very fun!  Very good combat and good choice of weapons. I played more stealth and with a hit and run strategy, take some things out and run!  I think the way it was meant to be played. I think the story was good although the writing was a little weak, sort of like a B or B+ rated movie. I will admit I played on easy but for me (being 56 years old) it was just a right amount of AI and even still I needed to use a good strategy. I would recommend this game to any fan of FPS I’m sure on hard or higher it will give you a very hard time."
,Not Recommended,223100,23193756,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Vega,"I love this game so much, At its core it really is something fantastic but the buggy and terrible gameplay ruins all of it. The dependency on broken AI is too high, Why can't I take control instead of watch this AI walk into wall for 4 hours before taking another path? This game is great it really is but it's not worth the money in its current state. Wait til'  they patch this ""thing""."
,Not Recommended,223100,23173674,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Sherlerk,"I am so glad I didn't pre-order the ""Freedom Fighter Bundle"". So much framerates dropping and Bugs, way to go Devs."
,Recommended,223100,26635391,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Blacktoof,"Fun game most of the time. Gameplay reminds me of Crysis and Dying light. Graphics could be better, AI could be better, physics could be better, Story could be better... beer helps make it better. Definitely worth it on sale. 6.5/10... with beer 7/10"
76561198123898371,Not Recommended,223100,23103919,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,exdousknite,"A missed opportunity.I've played it for a bit and overall, its boring.Its repetitive, falls utterly flat on is mechanics in more ways then you can see . The save system is Completely useless, and activates when you least needed it. And can utterly screw up you progress in game. The graphic/frame rate is a utter shame seeing as to how it optimized. The shooting mechanics are tedious and  down right frustrating in critical situations.The story is underlay executed and wasted in half of the missions. Its a shoot this, break that repeat. Its like they took the far cry dynamics and stretched them out. Hell you can't even acquire enemy weapons. It a waste of a title."
,Recommended,223100,29294232,Posted: 16 January,all,N-Nani?!,"Before you get into the review, let me get this out first, if you don't like the gameplay of Far Cry 4, then STOP, I assure you you’ll find the gameplay of Homefront : The Revolution tedious and repetitive, as the game takes great inspiration from Far Cry 3 & 4, although it doesn’t do it better. However, if you like the gameplay of Far Cry 4, then you might like this game.Let me just say first hand that I love the core gameplay itself. People may deem it very repetitive, but I don’t mind. The game itself is very fun and is interesting enough to get me to finish the campaign, but MAN is this game riddled with a lot of issues. I think a lot of people reviewed this game a little too harshly, but I wouldn’t blame them for getting frustrated while playing through this game, cause I did a couple of times.Let’s start with the positives of this game;+ The world is absolutely detailed and believable, you really feel like you’re being dragged into a dystopian Philadelphia. Red zones looks like they were ravaged by war and Yellow zones really feel like it is occupied by the North Koreans ( Norks )+ The gameplay pays homage to Crysis and Far Cry, which is fine and offers enough variety to keep you going through the campaign. You also have a lot jobs to take, outposts to liberate, and Norks to kill to keep you busy.+ The weapon conversion system is an interesting concept and interjects smoothly into the gameplay, however I feel like it could’ve been done better.+ Yellow zones are a blast to play in, where you have to employ this hit and run tactic and lurk in the alleys where you plan your next move.Apart from that, there’s not much else that sets this game apart from the others. It does, however, have a lot of negatives which pretty much sums up why a lot of people disliked the game;-  As I’ve stated before, gameplay does get repetitive and may force people away as they get further into the campaign- The story is pretty generic and the ending isn’t very satisfying- Gunplay feels clunky and is below average compared to recent shooters- Some mission designs are abysmal- The game is very stingy when it comes to autosaving, so prepare to be frustrated when the game crashes- The characters, oh my god the characters, are some of the most forgettable and deplorable characters I have ever seen from any game I’ve played. They can be either generic to downright annoying, let me give you some examples;a. The silent protagonist, Brady, I don’t get why this guy doesn’t talk, so much awkward situations could be avoided if the guy had just said a word, but he didn’t. The guy just doesn’t talk throughout the entire campaign and it’s pretty annoyingb. Perrish, this guy isn’t a bad character, but he’s not a good one either. He’s like your dad who always tries to fit in by trying to be funny, but always ends up doing it in the wrong situations.c. Moore, the psychotic ♥♥♥♥♥ who’s backstory is so vague that you just don’t ♥♥♥♥ing care and want to stay away from her as far as possible. Her actions are always straightforward and end up being dumb and bad for everyone.d. Dr. Burnett, the guy who complains and whines about everything. He is always against everything the resistance does making me wonder why he joined the resistance in the first place.- Red zones, ♥♥♥♥ red zones. There are so many things that could’ve been done better when it comes to red zones. For instance;a. Airships, they’re a unique concept, but they end up being infuriating in this game. They seem to be designed for only one thing, and that’s to track YOU. They ignore every resistance fighters they shine their light on and ONLY go red when they see you.b. Enemies, sometimes they’re dumb and  just stand still, sometimes they’re smart and try to flank you. They also spawn out of thin air and track you like blood hounds if you’re in a red zone.c. Bikes, again a unique concept, but falls short. Driving isn’t very fun and ends up being slower than running due to the many debris that blocks the roads in the red zoneIn the end, Homefront: The Revolution feels rushed and is a missed opportunity. There are so many unique concepts, like the story and the game mechanics, however they aren’t really done properly and ends up being an annoyance that drives players away. It’s definitely not worth full price, but if you don’t mind the repetitive gameplay, I’d recommend getting it during a sale. < 6 / 10 >"
76561198023230131,Recommended,223100,29744148,Posted: 6 February,all,Romantic Midget,"An excellent, immersive, emotionally satisfying game.Take note, though: Homefront The Revolultion is not 'like' a Far Cry game - it IS a Far Cry game.Really, the mechanics are exactly the same, from stealth to combat to weapon procurement.And even though this is so, there's nothing wrong with that, particularly if you're a Far Cry fan.Voice acting by the man characters is excellent, and the game storyline -though taken from all the classic dystopian movies- is paced very well.Characters that pehaps when you first meet them are irritating -Dana, for me- become like family while you're in this game world.The music, though limited, is fantastic, evocotive of the original Terminator, and really puts you in the setting.Gameplay is excellent, though achieving all the side goals can be a bit of a grind.  When you liberate an area and have freedom fighters running about things can get chaotic as they battle in the streets against your occupiers.Enemy blimps trawl the skies above, seeking out rebles, and if you get caught in their view all hell breaks loose as they call KPA troops down on you.Very glad I got the game and pass during the Christmas sale, was well worth it, particularly if your a fan of dystopian or post apocalyptic worlds.The only issue I had was that frame rates dropped if battles were too huge and a lot of bodies began piling up.  The only work around for this is taking a break from the game and coming back to it - wich is actually a good thing since it's engaging enough to play hours at a stretch."
,Not Recommended,223100,23141019,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,thecompthatcould,"Story: Predictable, I'm ok with thatGameplay: Fair, slightly interested, I like itGraphics: Amazing assuming your comp handles it correctly(Many people have bugs, I do not)Bugs: MASSIVE AMOUNTS! AI Bugs, Wall Bugs, Graphic Bugs, and GAMEBREAKING BUGS!I was ok to keep the game and play it through even with the bugs until I ran into GAMEBREAKING BUGS over and over again. 4 times I ran into these bugs. I reported them, I also reported how to recreate them. As of 5/22/16 they are not fixed. I am not a play tester for this game, but I assure you it needed some. These bugs were easily found and recreated.Now how are these bugs Gamebreaking? Basically, it puts you in a mission that can neither be completed or end. Often area becomes a ghost town because AI won't spawn properly, or they get stuck in walls. Your objective will be to do X, but you have already completed X so you can't do it. Quest/Mission Flag fails to realize you have already done request. You are just stuck in same area, with no way to proceed in the game. Does not reward exploring because you might bug your game if you explore something too early.Thats ok, I can just go to a previous save right. NO... by the time you figure out you have put yourself in a never ending bug. Its too late. There are no save states. Game autosaves and autosaves often. You have a total of 4 autosaves. These autosaves happen whenever you do something significant or if you change your weapon at a locker. Basically, you can't rely on savestates to return to if you bug the game.Their solution if you get bugged and cannot proceed.1. Wait for patch to fix bug.2. Erase your saves, and start over.I started over 4 times, and found different Gamebreaking bugs each time. The only way to avoid these bugs is to not explore and only follow mission requests. Makes game boring and not fun at all."
76561198239914672,Recommended,223100,23050173,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,chhowa,"Update after finishing the game:I have to bump the overall score down to 6/10 :(  I don't want to spoil anything for those considering buying this game but mehhhhhhh on the ending.  The game was still hours and hours of fun but it almost feels like they rushed the plot to ship the game in time.  It was probably the most un-interesting, short-sighted, predictable ending of any video game, ever.Also I found something that really helped performance big time about half-way through.  Put the object detail at medium.  I could hardly tell any difference between medium and very high, and I was able to max everything else out and play with a pretty much locked 60fps @ 2715x1527 which looks considerably better than 1080p.  And oddly runs much better than 1.5x supersampling in-game.Good try Dambuster - hopefully you'll have some great lessons learned from all of the user feedback and will make a truly great game if there's a sequel.Original review:I waited 10 hours to post my review because I wanted to give HF:R a fighting chance.Short version:7/10 - I say buy itPros:  Actually pretty damn fun so farCons:  GPU utilization/frame pacing issues reminiscent of Fallout 4Long version:Maybe my version of a fun FPS is different from 99% of the world, but I'm actually really enjoying this game.  Considering DeepSilver/DB inherited a POS bankrupt title that was tossed back and forth for 4 years like a red-headed high school cheerleader, I think the results are pretty great.Sure, there are some framepacing issues, GPU utilization problems, and yes theres some points where it's sort of mindboggling that basic features arent there (hello...cough... save game), but the overall presentation is pretty goddamn good and enjoyment is high.  Maybe I'm weird... but  I was compelled to write a review in favor of this game after seeing so many bad reviews before playing it.All I've seen are reviews saying how disasterous the performance is.  I also see the majority of reviews saying the gameplay is bland, combat is weak, stealth system sucks, graphics are underwhelming, on and on and on.  I disagree with those for the most part too. I swear people are way too critical.  Here's my take:Stealth:  7/10 - If it had better cover mechanics, or even the ability to lean from cover, it would be 8Combat: 7/10 - it does feel a little sluggish at times, but I turned auto-aim offGraphics: 6/10 - compared to Division or UC4, which have set a new bar for graphics these daysEnjoyment 8/10 - despite the lower scores above, for some reason this game is totally pulling me in, its fun!Performance: 5/10 - see belowStory: 5/10Value: 7/10The only real major flaw I see so far is a GPU utilization problem.  A 6700k/980ti combo should be able to run a Dying Light clone (essentially what this game feels and looks like to me) at a resolution of 2715x1527 @ max settings and achieve a locked 60fps with about 90-95% GPU utilization.  With HF:R it's nowhere even close to that.  I'm able to get 55-60 fps @ 1920x1080 but it only uses about ~65% of the GPU to do so.If I step it even 1 notch above 1080p, or use supersampling at all, framerates become wildly unstable - as does the GPU utilization.  Even at 1080p there are a few very rare and unexplainable dips into the high 40s.  Every time it happens the GPU util actually drops to around 30-50%, almost as if something's choking the bandwidth.  Actually, it's a similar symptom to  Fallout 4.  Even with the necessary hardware to run it at 2k DSR max settings, the game just couldn't keep up with the draw calls - showing the signs of an aging engine I suppose.But to note: the frame rate issue (for me anyway) is very infrequent ... maybe 3-4 times in the 10 hours I've played.  I think it's a minor nuisance.  The rest of the time it's a pretty stable 60fps using ~65% GPU at max settings.  Good enough to be enjoyable.Anyway - I don't understand what's with all the hate.  It's a fun game and a killer concept with only minor performance issues.  If they fix the framerate issues I'd even go so far as to give it a 7.5 out of 10.  If you're on the fence but enjoyed Dying Light, I'd say buy it.  You'll probably enjoy this game.  It's kind of like a mix of DL and Division... sorta.  Maybe wait until it goes on sale, which with the number of negative reviews sadly, probably won't take very long.Specs:I6700kGigabyte G1 980ti64gb Dominator Pro DDR4950 Evo NVMEAsus Hero Viii"
,Not Recommended,223100,23092945,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,ThePerfectDon,"It's a buggy game. Other than that, it's a good game but not worth wasting your money on. Wait for it to be on sale or wait till the developers releases a few patches to fix these bugs."
76561198023254784,Not Recommended,223100,23195636,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,DocJohn,"Bought the game because I really enjoyed the first Homefront game. I regretted buying this one. It has many bugs and issues, such as out-of-sync audio, buggy AI, clunky controls both on foot and on the motorbike. The biggest issue I have is the Ashgate ""Hearts & Mind"" error which to be fixed requires you to delete your save and restart the whole game. After spending a good 10hrs to reach the Ashgate level I dont believe it is worth it anymore. If you are thinking of buying this game maybe hold off until the developers actually fix the issues."
76561198113847332,Not Recommended,223100,23180106,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Jsyboy,"I thought they'd try to improve the franchise and make it into a better game. But sadly homefront the revolution suffers from the same problems as the last game such as poor optimisation, controls, AI and audio quality. However it is a solid first person shooter when it runs. Hopefully they patch this game soon so i can actaully play it"
76561198039264466,Recommended,223100,28858952,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Raven Rex,The graphic is awesome. CryEngine really delivers it. Honestly not even as bad as people claim it is. The single player is really fun and this is one of few FPSs where you are not invincible. You actually have to know when to fight and when to run. It's not the best shooter I have played it but it's the best recent single player shooter for sure.
,Recommended,223100,32220849,Posted: 6 June,all,Greythings,"FarCryOut: The 2nd Amendment Fetish. Also I haven't done any MP so this is just for single player.So I got this game on sale, long after it launched. I don't remember what I paid for it, probably $12 or something. I didn't ever have to deal with any of the issues when it was first released, and honestly I don't even know what they were. Also keep in mind that I'm still fairly early on in the story.Whatever. This game, as it stands now, is great. Runs smooth, zero tech issues, looks good, etc. Honestly, this is kinda what I wanted Fallout 4's Boston to be; a dangerous area where you WILL die if you aren't playing smart. It's very intense, and it's very hectic, and there's ALWAYS something new popping up for you to take care of. I am 100% glad that I bought this game, and anytime a developer actually turns one of their games around, that's worthy of your support.Pros:The guns handle well.The enemies, who wear armor, can take more shots than you can. You will die if you are shot more than twice.Graphics are good, faces in particular.Weapon mod system is cool, as are the modular upgrades.They worked pretty hard on worldbuilding.Cons:Unclear mission objectives.It's very brown and grey, in terms of color.I mean I could keep going but they aren't paying me so I won't. If you ever wanted some FarCry in your Fallout with a dash of survival game, this is for you. Seriously; this is a great game."
,Recommended,223100,25613599,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Pikapool,"Bought this game on the last free weekend. Never regret buying this game. Eventhough not as bad as what the reviews said, it does still has some bugs, glitches and a few crashes. Across 26 hours of playing, i got like 7-8 crashes with 2-4 hours range for each crashes.+ Pros:- Graphic is goooood- Weapon modification is cool, the flamenwerfer is awesome and battle riffle sure packs a punch, but my fave is always smg- Open world far cry style, with minor stealth element (really really minor)- Motorbike, unfortunately, you cant kill the Norks by crashing your motorbike, they always find a way to disable your bike first- Cool gadgets, rc cars with mounted explosives is great for blowing things, besides explosives you got hacking device, firecracker,and molotov- Resistance mode is great, IMO, its better than the main game+ Cons:- The stealth, is weird, killing an enemy with suppressor weapon will alerts other enemies even after the guy died, but with crossbow, this doesnt happen- Mediocre story with some holes, like no explanation in some parts, like how did he still alive after getting that many shots and wth happened with walker- Dana Moore, she's creepy- Hacking, meh- Crashes, 7-8 times (might be more, I didnt keep track), but never crash in Resistance mode, some minor bugs and glitchesConclusion, I recommend this game, but get it only when its on sale. If it runs good on your rig, enjoy. If its not, refund."
76561197972729524,Recommended,223100,28438242,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Perus_TC,"Well,I actually enjoyed the game.I know it has gotten some bad returns but for me...I had a blast!The story is what you would expect from an apocolyptic end of da wurld! senario but not bad as these stories go.The graphics are about the norm for this day and age and the detail is admirable.The music is cryptic in some levels and really adds to the feeling.Now the good part.....GRENADES AND THE LIMPET MINE LAUNCHER.Since there are no gibs to speak of the rag doll mechanics is hilarious.Stick a limpet mine at a soldiers feet and watch the fun.....40 feet in the air and a resounding WHTAGHHHHHHHH!The heck wit da plot and hand me a grenade.The side quests are more like mini-games than quests and the voice acting is really pretty well done also.The mocap could have been a little better but in the end it's whether you had fun ....and I DID!All in all well done....for ME!If you can get it on sale so much the better.7\10"
,Recommended,223100,25475784,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,PapaKarlo,"Not without it flaws, but very fun game nonetheless. It's basically a Far Cry in urban setting and that worked spectacularly for me. Fights are fun, gunplay is solid, bots are fairly stupid to abuse but still competent enough to fight.World is divided in several regions that you will ""liberate"" by hacking/blowing different objects of interest inside it, these regions can ""red"" or ""yellow"" zones, which I've found very interesting.Red Zones are pretty large open areas with a lot of ruins and rubble, where enemies shoot on sight and your gameplay is mainly kill everybody and capture everything. Also ride on bike on every stairwell.Yellow Zones are more like City 17 in Half-Life 2. Building are mostly intact, there are lots of alleys, civilians and patrols. Fighting there is a little tricky, thanks to constant enemy reinforcements - you should run away and fight smart.Both zone types feel a little different while keeping focus and gameplay loop intact. That results in pretty varied but consistent experience, which is pretty hard for a sandbox. Maybe there will be a green zone, I haven't reached it yet.Being pretty much happy with the game it the current state, I must mention that it is very clunky. It does suffer from the lack of polish you expect from AAA open-world games, but mainly because in a game of this scale there is a LOT you need to polish. Some voice actors are really dull, radio chatter is extensive, human models are pretty bad and it is a little buggy. From minor physics glitches to disappearing enemies on long distances.And oh my god the intro sequence was horrendous. Cutscene, cutscene, walk, instant failure if you walk wrong, cutscene, walk, cutscene, loading, walking cutscene. You'll see all the flaws in this intro: bugs, clunkiness, bad acting, bad character models and it's pretty lengthy too.I do hope that intro won't scare you, because after that you'll be dropped inside a Red Zone and it's a great fun. With ruins you can run and bike inside, stronghold to capture, koreans to ambush and random flashpoints the game generates for you - it's really fun. Clunky, but fun... Funky?..Also, there is a coop Resistance mode. It's... weaker, but still fun. Missions are heavily scripted and linear, while progression and loot systems are not very interesting. So I can't say there is a lot of replayability after you beat all missions on Hard. Which by the way IS hard, so you know, it's fine as a side activity.In the end I can see why people was unhappy on the release of this game, but right now, without anything gamebreaking, with fixed performance and lowered price - this game is very, very solid."
,Not Recommended,223100,23098301,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Qloshae,"If you like the idea of running around and blowing people up with cool gadgets, this is the game for you.I can't however with honesty recommend a game that breaks every single design rule I have learned.- A long, and I mean long cinematic and then period that you can't skip or do anything in.- 30 minutes until you do anything at all aside from hack a console that you are given no tutorial for but punished heavily when you fail (you take a lot of health damage - not that it's a big issue since it's pretty easy anyways once you figure out what to do).- AIs will constantly get in your way. About 10 minutes into the game, a civilian made me stuck between two doors causing me to glitch onto the roof then fall out of the map.- There is no clear effect for when you take damage. It looks like you are barely damaged and then you fall dead.- Enemies can run into the respawn area making you die repeatedly.- Enemies are in no way scaled to teach you the ropes. You will right off the bat be swarmed with enemies and APCs.- Speaking of which. If you see an APC and then go around the corner to bomb it. When you turn back, it is gone. Just poff. Very weird despawning. Even had a robot teleport from one side to another.Now that is just the game design and some common sense rules that they break.Aside from that, the game just doesn't feel responsive and they have some really ethically questionable stuff like teddy bears functioning as proximity mines. Because as wel know, toy bombs are weapons aimed at children, not soldiers. That's like a basic ""don't do it"" of content design. It's not funny to joke about murdering children.At its current state, I can only recommend it to people who just want something to play while waiting on other games. I recommend however that you wait until there is a discount."
76561198021011260,Recommended,223100,32426033,Posted: 14 June,all,SharksFan752,"I bought this on sale with all the DLC for next to nothing.That being said, I actually enjoyed it. Do I see it being a full price title? No, not really. But I do see it being a fun experience in its own right. It's not the best, it's not the hottest title ever, it's not one that people will be talking about for the next decade; but it's overall it's okay. The game's biggest downfall? The open world.Before people burn me at the stake for saying something against open world, it's not that open world in general is bad. But the open world in this game is small, and mostly empty. Could it have been better if this game hadn't gone through development hell just to make it out at all? Probably. But as it stands all the open world really is is just running to your next mission and shooting some cameras to instill unrest.The part where the game really shines is the DLC. If the entire game had been like that, it would have been a much more enjoyable experience. The story was more driven and scripted to remove the most boring parts of the standalone story. And your character actually speaks, wowie! But they're very short, sadly. Each DLC is basically one mission.Beyond that, I had no issues. No glitches, no hangs ups, not anything else to gripe about. And underneath that, I still found myself having fun, running around capturings towns and shooting Norks. It's a mindless timekiller, but one I didn't hate.If it's on sale, pick it up and play it. You won't be impressed, but you might be pleasantly surprised that the reviews that call it the worst game ever are greatly exaggerated. I applaud the devs for sticking to a game that seemed outright doomed, and the DLC ending even made me kind of wish there'd be another... But that won't be happening anytime soon (or ever)."
76561198295816552,Recommended,223100,33463271,Posted: 11 July,all,✪ Wyren ✪,"I finished the hole game in 12 hours. With DLCs it is 15 hours. First I read the reviews of the game. I thought the game was garbage. After I download(67GB) and played, that was not that garbage cause I really enjoyed it. Graphics are beautiful but you have to have a gaming computer to play well. Story is kind of interesting but not good, pretty boring. Customizable things are great like guns. The sad thing is there is no online person, so cannot play multiplayer. If you have a friend to play with, then no problem. DLCs are better than the campaign I guess, they are not as boring as campaign.I want something to mention:Some people say-the game is buggy, glitchy, missions cannot be completed, can't go through...Maybe there was a few glitchy things but no longer cause they all fixed, there is always a way to complete and there is not much bug.Thanks for reading buy it on sale long live queen."
,Recommended,223100,29474271,Posted: 24 January,all,Brownninja97,"I had fun.Simple words but in the end that is what matters regardless of the features, the glitches the everything it all boils down to whether you had fun or not.Homefront 2 did very little to be different to other games, there are a lot of areas where you can tell there has been some rushing involved and you will run into problems here and there such as audio loops or an audio piece being triggers multiple times at once for whatever reason, the other major problem I saw was the fov just not going high enough.In terms of bugginess though its vastly superior to what it was at launch, pathing from ai is very good now and I didnt have it crash throughout the 13 hours I played it. Missions all worked properly as well.Firstly if you are going to play this then turn off the music in the settings because there is something that seriously makes this game and that is the atmosphere, it is the feeling of dread and warzone that you see, it all just seems so believable as well and a legitamate fear for enemies overpowering you is present, the first time you see an airship up close is intense  especially when the enemies will drop you fast so you need to be careful. This is what brings it back, if you ignore a lot of problems that raw atmosphere is still there and its fantastic because a false step will end in your death, i personally didnt use the spotting mechanics as well because I find them to be cheap and it adds to that great level of immersion.I cant say what it was like at launch but its pretty great right now at least for me and depending on how you play its a pretty fun game, its no way near perfect but its something I can comfortably recommend now dueing a sale. I managed to get this for £6 and im quite satisfied with what I got."
76561198246316808,Recommended,223100,31648100,Posted: 9 May,all,Pukpui,Now the game is on sale and it's super cheap . You should grab the game now or you'll regret it forever.Just ignore the freaking negative reviews trust me it's really worth the price.
,Not Recommended,223100,23157083,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,krane,"lazy to write a long review because ain't worth my time. Long story short, this game suffers heavily from bugs and glitches,   There is no point in playing until the end with this uninspired setting and boring story and characters. I don't feel attached to anyone because there are no personality in these characters. Game graphics looks superior because it is built on the Cry Engine, but other than that, there is nothing great in this game worth mentioning. My rating: 1/5"
76561198071910279,Not Recommended,223100,23143517,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Cocoa-Butter-Kiss,"In advance sorry for bad englishBougt the 80 Euoro pak....totaly not wort it!only good was the weapon thing it felt nice and sort of new.graphichs were decent.but got what a mess and I dont need to list them all.just look at any and i mean any review on youtube or anywhere.its terrible ;(witch make me sad , becuse I was really looking forward to itBtw I have a good pc i7 at 4.6ghz hexacore , 34gbddr4 ram, 2x gtx980 strix and only ssd´sThank god for Steam Refound <3<3<3(Saved my♥♥♥♥♥this time)"
76561198053304754,Not Recommended,223100,23116009,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Mad Monk,"This game had great potential, sadly it didn't live up to the hype"
,Not Recommended,223100,23104843,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,KaliMoose,"The Story feels rushed, and not at all immersive.The characters are easily forgettable.C0-op is pretty much dead in the water after 3 days of being released (Where is everyone?)Terribly optimized even for my high performance PC. (SSD's, 980ti, i7 4770k)Too bad, I was really looking forward to this game."
76561197993646283,Not Recommended,223100,23152668,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Ass Saver,"Lot worst than expected, bad sneaking mechanism & unlimited enemies coming when u trigger fire fight.Also as other states sometimes fps significantly drops and the voring content repeat over and over again."
76561197978232684,Not Recommended,223100,30442281,Posted: 11 March,all,[Asgard] Thor,"If I had to describe the game, it would be ""Urban Farcry"", Farcry 3 specifically. Take over bases, they become allied bases with gun shop cabinets and safe points. You can upgrade guns or gear, a lot of the upgrades are the exact same from Farcry like looting an enemy on a melee takedown. They hammered out details of the Koreans gaining power and invading it's own timeline, personally I think they should have kept it as the Chinese when they initially drew up the story when they made the first homefront.The storyline is weak. Koreans don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥that Americans are seizing territory and setting up very noticable bases. Americans practically spray paint ""AMERICAN BASE HERE"" on the sides of these places.Game keeps freezing at weird points, since the game uses a check point system it's a good chance you will lose a lot of work when it happens. I've also seen other weird bugs like NPCs freezing and standing in place. At one point in the storyline this happened and I couldn't progress without restarting from the last check point. I've watched an armored vehicle spawn at a gate, looked away and back, poof it was gone. Models look good, but the animations get very choppy and it's like trying to shoot an agent from the matrix at times when the enemy model sputters around when it's trying to get in a position."
76561198378346310,Recommended,223100,31663438,Posted: 10 May,all,Shibe,just buy the freedom fighter bundle...note: buy this game while on sale its worth it
76561197963992957,Not Recommended,223100,23142703,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Carpathious,"After less than 2 hours of gameplay, I must say this is a game you DO NOT want to play. The story is somewhat interesting though I found a game breaking bug that not only ruined the game but brought to light other issues.Singleplayer Only!The Pros:Graphics are pretty goodCustimization is ok but nothing too great except the modification change.The Bad:The bugs are too many to really even count.The game feels sluggish with a 980ti - poor optimizationGame breaking bugs that end the storyline/optional side misisonsEnemies don't drop guns or give ability to pick up guns, instead ammo for whatever gun you use.Game is not unique at all. It feels like they tried to make a hybrid of several games but failed.Terrible voice acting."
76561198248635740,Recommended,223100,30845537,Posted: 30 March,all,Love is EVOL?,"the most underestimated fps game, it deserve better recommendations. well designed map, perfect graphic performance, especialiy the light effect, all made this game an excellent fps. some of your experiences maybe a little boring during the game, like activating radios one by one, or motobike riding which made me feel like a clown on wheelbarrow. but nothing is perfect! for me the homefront2 is acceptable. if you once played metro2033, i guess you will find same elements here, apocalypse style!"
76561197983029161,Recommended,223100,28582351,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,[O]Pallemiitti,"I have no idea why people give this game a bad rep. I have played only the single player campaign and not touched the multiplayer. So far, I'm having a good time with this.Sure, it's a little rough on the edges, but every good game has it's quirks.The thing I like most in this game is the overall difficulty. This isn't some run of the mill FPS where you can run around and start gunning people down. You have to be careful and think what you do. Stealth is the key in many places and because this game runs like Far Cry in many ways, you have to loot bodies and stuff to get some valuables to sell. With money you can buy attachments to your weapons and better gear for your character, like kneepads that makes you faster while crouching and backpack that hold's more loot.Guns can be modified on the fly, just like in Crysis and that's really nice feature in this game.It runs on Cryengine so expect the same machine requirements.Overall, this isn't a bad game! Get it if you can from Steam sales or somewhere else. I could have bought this from the getgo if I would have knew this game is this fun to play."
,Not Recommended,223100,23148245,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Murt,"Never pre-ordering a game again.  I paid an outrageous amount of money to download 35.5 GB worth of data that is a waste of space on my hard drive.So poorly optimized, it's unplayable."
,Recommended,223100,28863769,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,"Sion ""Raz"" Robert","This could be a masterpiece 10 years ago, but pretty much a piece of ""I've played this in other games mutiple times"" work now."
,Recommended,223100,31724950,Posted: 13 May,all,Jblade35,"Not actually a bad game; from what I understand the game at release had some big problems but playing it now, it seemed relatively bug free. The gameplay is enjoyable, but of course the biggest problem with these types of games is that you're fighting the same enemy type throughout the entirity of the thing. If you're not into psuedo-realistic shooters than this game won't change your mind but if you do like them, it's an enjoyable experience. It's a ton of fun to fight through ruined buildings and the game captured an apocalyptic setting really well.My biggest problem is the plotline, and to be honest I can't blame anybody for the premise putting someone off the game. I got to like the characters but the enemy are completely faceless and it feels really juvenile at times. They visually look cool but ultimately you're fighting yet another country who don't have any personality and are ruthlessly evil. A game like this but with a more inventive and fun to fight and hate enemy would be really good.As an aside, the graphics in this game are phenomenal and it's one of the best looking games I've ever played."
76561197968167348,Not Recommended,223100,23102461,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Tidgy,"What a disapointment. Been waiting for this game and all i can say is why did i bother?My computer is way above recomended spec and still only getting mid 20's frame rate. Game play feel sloppy and choppy. After playing the division this game seems old clunky. The game needs alot more development to get to a properly playable level.SImply put dont waste your money and if you want a shooter of a similar style get 'The division' instead, much more polish and fun to play.So far the only game i have ever put in for a refund on."
,Recommended,223100,31881162,Posted: 21 May,all,UFG | AtaRaXia,"I would like to start by saying that Homefront: The Revolution has recieved a lot of mixed reviews and yes the game did have significant isssues on release but with that being said I would like to shine some light on this game for the better.First of all relating to the gameplay issues, I did not experience one issue with the game that deemed it unplayable at any point. Yes there is tiny bugs here and there like a Duster being stuck in mid air once you have shot it or maybe after an explaosion there is a random pot plant sitting in the air but nothing that prevents a person from proceeding with the campaign. The patchs that were released for the game definitly sorted out all the issues that were present on launch. My system specs:EVGA GTX 980 ti SC Edition. (Nvidia Drivers: 381.89. Windows 8)i7 4790K CPU16GB DDR3 Ram @ 2400MhzMSI Gaming 7A MoboSamsung EVO 250GB SSDJust to give you an idea of the setup that I ran the game on and I was getting 100 plus FPS and the game never dropped below 60fps at any point so the patchs DO WORK!!! All my settings were tuned to the max and I was running the game on my 27"" BenQ 144Hz monitor as well.Secondly, moving on to the general gameplay that is Homefront: The Revolution's main campaign. Like any campaign, if you want to rush through it by all means do that but the way I played it and did the side missions and sort to find all the collectables (well most of them) the game took me a while to finish. My first playthrough has taken +- 32 hours which is very good consdering the general length of FPS games now a days! So the game is worth it in terms of the general length.The side misssions at times felt like they were lacking a bit and slighly repetetive but nothing really off puitting for me personally. The main missions that are tied into the story line are great and lots of fun and for me a good campaign always allows the player to get invloved in the story line and relate to the characters and this game defintly did that for me. So 10/10 for that aspect hands down!I must say that the weapon system is really really well done in terms of all the modifications that you the player can do. When you start the game for the first time you might feel like they have limited you with weapon choices but trust me, get out there and scavange for currency and upgrade your weapons because there are so many different modifications that you can use throughout the game and what ever situation you find yourself in, there is a mod that will help you.I have also purchased the season pass and within the main story (Campaign) I was able to use all the goodies so another aspect of the game that I felt was not a waste of money at all. Just wanted to add that in for the people that do like to add DLC content on to the general game experience.I could drag on for a long time on all the aspects of the game but I would like to conclude this review and say that I really enjoyed the time I spent on the game so far and I am defintly going to play the game again and I am also really keen to try out the CO-OP features as well. So the choice is yours as the player, but I would recommend Homefront: The revolution to any adventure,item finding,weapon mod,story driven,side mission,fps enthusiast out there!"
,Recommended,223100,29211119,Posted: 12 January,all,Carrot <3 Sexy Time !,"Wasn't sure about buying this game, did research watched some gameplay video's and still wasn't sure.Then when I saw it onsale figured i'd take the gamble and it paid off.I really enjoyed this game and wished it lasted longer.Finished it in about 20 hours, it has online gameplay which I shall do a little bit.The setting is just lovely, the graphics are pretty good.Basicly America get's taken over by the Koreans.You are the resistance and you slowly build up more resistance and fight the invaders.You take over Area's this will give you points and money to buy weapons and what not.I like the storyline it's a good one that keeps on building up.Weapons are also nice and you can convert weapons to become other weapons, anywhere.Per example the Assault Rifle can be transformed into a 'noobtube' and into a LMG and all those weapons can have different scopes and other little changes. It's a really nice set up.So yeah I recommend this game, it's great and I'm hoping for Homefront The Revolution 2.Don't buy the DLC's from what I can tell those aren't worth it and the game has minor bugs, reload checkpoint if ever."
76561197965689248,Recommended,223100,23050714,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Al Chestbreach,"This game is a little bit of Far Cry and a little bit of...well it's a lot like Far Cry. Based on that if you like/love Far Cry then you'll enjoy this game. I've played two hours and so far have had a blast freeing civilians, taking down enemy positions and upgrading my weapons.You can choose to sneak or blast your way through most enemy encampments which is nice and depending on which weapons you buy either of those can be done much easier. The protagonist is silent but honestly I don't mind it, Gordon Freeman and Doom Guy don't talk so now I can put my own thoughts in the characters head.Running on a GTX 980 with an Intel i7 and 16 Gigs of RAM = No problems with loading anything, game runs fine. I've also installed on an SSD so that probably helps as well."
,Not Recommended,223100,23098579,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Agnar,"I had some high hopes for this game after playing the first one. I was expecting multiplayer like battlefield but instead It's co-op mission based multiplayer. Single player was under whelping, I stopped the campaign within 1 hour, I couldn't force myself to play anymore. I would pass on this game, definitely not worth $60. If you think this will be a fun game I'd wait for a price drop, at least 50% off."
,Not Recommended,223100,23130877,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Kurvera,"Concept sounds good, execution..... kind of like playing a 5 USD unity FPS game. The game has great potental, but don't spend your money quite yet. The mechanics and concept is pretty good, shooting and movement is clunky, and online Co-op is kind of boring. Single player is a bit more entertaining, but still in a buggy not launch ready state. Wait and give this game sometime before droping that 60 USD on this."
,Not Recommended,223100,23114941,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,III-SICARIO-III,"Homefront the Revolution is a post apocalyptic game set in the realms of philadelphia attempting to tell the story of survival and rebelion under a ruthless and oppressive enemy or so you would think. The story is very lackluster with no real sense of making a diffrence to the people who inhabit the game world, there is zero emotion to be felt with Homefront the Revolution which is a shame as again another AAA game chooses a real possible scenario as the backdrop to there game but it carries no weight in terms of emotion or caring for the person (character) next to you. The story or main campaign is easily one of the most forgettable stories i have played the only thing i remember is getting frustrated with the hearts and minds parts of the game which is very tedious and repetitive. Combat in Homefront the Revolution is very unsatisfying the game is an FPS game but has none of the fundementals of an FPS game FoV is limited to 65 i would like at the very least 90 there is no dual sensitivity for hipfire and aimed fire. There is a few bugs in the game and a lot of cut corners. You cant even freeroam after the main story is complete so if you missed things in the game like side quests you have to start the game again.There is a co-op section in the game which was fun for a little bit but what i dont understand is why for a couple of  co-op missions there is so much in terms of character customization and weapons when there is no multiplayer, there is certain attachments for weapons like the suppresor for your assault rifle which you can only use on your assault rifle in co-op mode and not in the main game.There is a lot of cons with this game and not enough pros to justify giving it a positive review which is unfortunate as it could of been such a great game that i could of been quite happy to sink alot of hours into but after 14 hours the main story is complete and so are the co-op missions and there is no desire to go back and play it again so as it stands its an over priced ballon that quickly deflates and i wouldnt recommend this game and would suggest either waiting for a sale or investing in another game. So sadly its a thumbs down for this one."
,Recommended,223100,28463016,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,PlagueofDogs,"It turned out to be a great game as soon as I leaned how to avoid getting killed by an airship or drone.  The system recommendations are definitely off.  The graphics are great and will run a smooth 100-120FPS on 2x SLI GTX 970s with a couple setting turned back to high but it will drop below 45FPS and get choppy with everything on ultra.  I highly recommend this game, just know that it takes some serious hardware to truly enjoy it."
,Not Recommended,223100,23151094,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,politeguy,terrible performance
76561198092677045,Not Recommended,223100,23187581,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Lopik2258,"Have anyone the same problem as me ? On pc the aiming feels so console like(no offence to people on consoles),its hardly playble for me that i cant hit a damm KPA soldier right in front of me, is there any way to turn it off or to change the layout of controls ?Also i feel so robbed for pre ordering the game like all i get is a skin for my motorbike and pistol and some stuff for level 5 in coop for my trust in this game.Also the poor performance which kills the game for most players."
76561198018944227,Recommended,223100,29383786,Posted: 20 January,all,JuicyOrange,"WELL !! THIS GAME SURPRISED ME !!WITH ALL THOSE NEGATIVE COMMENTS AND REVIEWS WHEN IT FIRST CAME OUT, made me look away from this game.but since it went on a big sale I bought it and just played it for 5 hours now...all I can say is I ENJOY EVERY MINUTE of it !!!thats why i really don't get those bad and negative reviews for real....?? :("
,Not Recommended,223100,23099149,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,LeeeRoy Jenkins!,"Gameplay is horrible, poorly optimized on PC...you'd think after 5 years in the making this thing would  run better than DOOM.  Refund is pending..."
,Recommended,223100,33674482,Posted: 20 July,all,J0ESK0,"Firstly, I'd like to say how glad I am that I took a chance on this game during a sale. After all the negativity, which may have been warranted at launch, I was super hesitant to pull the trigger on this one. But wow, this game is legitimately fun. Like really, really fun. Not only is it fun, but it's actually quite superb in many areas that I judge a FPS. Number one, the shooting over course. The guns and the way they control FEEL GOOD. The Battle Rifle in particular, feels remarkable. Now not only that, the way the game allows you to modify the weapons in the field and on the go at any time is the best thing I've seen and should easily be in every FPS moving forward.Now it's not just the shooting, the game has a stealth mechanic and it works supremely well. Basically, this game is Far-Cry. The stealth takedowns are addictive and amazing. They're simply brutal and fun to pull off on unaware enemies. The detection works and I enjoy playing with a crossbow, silent pistol and picking off enemies one by one.Add to all this, the completely open world, that really does feel like a warzone, in the red zones. It almost feels like Judgement Day from terminator happened, especially at night. And the music/atmosphere is chill inducing.All I can say is, whatever issues this game had, they've been fixed. If you like Far Cry 3 & 4. You will simply love this game. Buy it now or wait for a sale. It's great and I'm enjoying my time with it."
76561198095815823,Recommended,223100,28620120,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,StormMaster,"not a bad game, the gunplay is decent and everything feels like it has a kick to it like it should, not like the laser pointers we get in most fps the gadgets are decent especially the remote controlled cars with bombs, the graphics are good with a few bugs once in a while with the lighting but only happened twice in 3 and a half hours of play. I would really recommend this game if you enjoyed the past farcry games or the previous homefront game, this game is like farcry in a destroyed city but alittle bit less bullet spongey as you die faster so its good to recruit rebels to fight with you max 3 at a time, one thing I dont like alot is the motercycle driving which is completely impractical because of all the terrain obstacles that stop you from really going far, story is not amazing but serviceable and the characters are generic but I wouldnt play this for that anyways, would recommend if you can find it on sale for like 70% off as you should get your moneys worth from that. I should also note that I run it on maxed settings on my gtx 970 and 980m at 55-60 fps with v sync on, sometimes it dips to the high 40s on especially hectic moments but rarely.also if you plan on playing on different computers you have to manually move your save files as its not saved on the cloud7.5/10"
76561197970507554,Recommended,223100,23381572,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Scavenger,"I have read may bad reviews for this game, but I enjoyed it very much.  I thought the story was interesting.  I like the setting and the feeling of having to avoid the guards, and play hide and seek.  I did hit a few things with the AI acting strange, but not enough to stop my enjoyment.  I will admit I only played the single player game, and doing the hearts and minds of each zone was the same, but the map made it somewhat interesting.  Maybe I'm just not picky enough.I thought it was well worth my 60 bucks, and I can only hope they do another one.  I didn't reinvint the wheel, but I didn't expect it to.  It's a good solid shooter, with a good enviroment.  I thought the graphics were good, and I liked the fact it made the zones easier the more you captured of it.  I felt part of the Revolution without making me some type of Superman.If you want a fun ride just enjoy the game, but it's not going to change your life or how you see FPSs."
,Recommended,223100,25645785,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Gonzo850,"Single player / Coop Game+ This game uses a bunch of game mechanics that we've seen before in other games, but it uses them well in an open world first person shooter. It's a fun single player experience with lots to do.+ It has a fun coop game mode that uses an rpg style character progression system. 10 coop missions (at date of review)- It's hard to find a random player for coop. Coop mode allows you to create a game and play by yourself but it won’t be open for other's to join. This creates a bunch of private games happening with everyone playing by themselves."
,Recommended,223100,25630259,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Xero ☠ Static ☠ FluX™,"With only a taste test so far; a little over an hour in the first Red Zone (Hot zone), I can tell I'll enjoy this regardless of story length.   Mainly as it uses mechanics from two of my favorite games (Far Cry 3/4 & Dying Light) in a Red Dawn/Revolution setting that's right up my alley.Unless this game does a total 360 as I progress, I have no prob recommending to those who enjoy loot shooters at the normal price (39.99).   If it does flop as I progress I will definitely alter my recommendation."
76561197999496420,Recommended,223100,33097017,Posted: 1 July,all,Girikboya,"Heads up, this is a biased review so please keep that in mind. I bought this while going through a very hard time in my life and just needed something to occupy myself. But thanks to this game it made one of the hardest moments in my life that little better. So for that, I thank you Homefront.I bought this game on the latest Steam sale (2017) for a good price and it included all the story DLCs (Which is a plus, because I don't see the point in spending money to make my gun look shiny etc.) and I snapped it up like a ♥♥♥♥♥.Storywise, it has a few nice depressing turns which is quite refreshing in this day and age of American Spirit (Plus democracy) being the only thing needed to make everything better in the face of whatever namless foreign entity is a threat to freedom.In this game, you are getting your funk pushed in hard. I ran into the first outpost with my starting pistol thinking I could wing it. Nope, bullets. Lots of bullets... This game works well in making you really feel like you are the under dog, there really is almost a struggle to work your way up and get better gear just to put the flow of funk back into the right direction. However there is a real sense of reward upon getting through that struggle, not only storywise but with all the goodies you get, but more on that later.The main story could take you a good 8 hours, about 12 if you manage to clear all the areas and ""strikepoints"".I'm a simple man, so I'll try to  make it simple. The map needs to be unlocked in sections much like Far Cry in a sense, you essentially plug yourself into the matrix at various places and then the map will reveal it's goodies to you. In order to get parts of the map back under your control you have to unlock and claim areas of strategic value called strikepoints.Then you go about working up the peoples' spirit by stabbing a few ♥♥♥♥♥es, breaking attennas, twisting big wheels to make various monoliths explode, ya know the usual stuff.One of the realllly cool things is the ability to Go Go Gadget your guns on the fly. Need an LMG? Don't worry, your assualt rifle can swap into one. Want a sniper rifle that can turn into a firework launcher? You didn't even know you wanted that more than anything in your life until you read that... I know, I was the same.The only downside is keeping track of what gun has transformed into what, the amount of times I went to swap to my assualt rifle to only launch a mine harmlessly short of my target as I gain a for more holes to breath out of. But that's more my inabilty to keep track of things.Besides having guns with identity issues, you also get some cool♥♥♥♥♥♥with the various grenades. Not only can you have the standard ""throw, wait, boom."" you can gain access to an RC car, teddy bear and a remote detonator. Now you can attach whatever 'grenade' to whichever item you want.So like any decent human being, I blew peoples balls off teddy bears. I regret nothing. Besides that of course, there are many strategic RC sized vents laying around the place. So if you love all that sneaky sneaky hacky hacky stuff then you're covered.Anyway. I would personally would reccomend this game. It was enjoyable to play and not too mentally challenging. Except for that ♥♥♥♥ing medical stash ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, but that's a surprise for anyone who picks this game up.Thanks for making it this far through my rambling.ByeTLDR: Make America great again. (In this universe, Trump isn't president)"
,Recommended,223100,34500925,Posted: 26 August,all,Sir Augustus,"Actually i pretty loved this game in single player campaign. I has a good story, not bad game style. Currenct price is high but you can buy during summer or winter sales."
,Recommended,223100,28689591,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,KRIS,"I'm really confused what is all about ALL of the negative reviews, game is just great !Average 90fps with my old i73770K & GTX 980ti. Great story, gameplay & graphics.*** If you're fan of FarCry this game will be for you ***"
76561198120666777,Recommended,223100,35195630,Posted: 24 September,all,gluefactorybjj,"I just completed this game and found it to be surprisingly enjoyable, considering the ""mixed"" reviews.  The storyline was fairly good.  There are some side missions, but generally all missions advance the story line.One thing I would recommend is to get the ""gameplay"" DLCs and then play the game in this order:Homefront: The Revolution - The Voice of Freedom (DLC)Homefront: The Revolution (Main Game)Homefront: The Revolution - Aftermath (DLC)Homefront: The Revolution - Beyond the Walls (DLC)IMO, this will both allow you to get the full story, in order, AND bring you up to speed with this game's particular gameplay.  Sure, the looting system, etc. was different than other games, but, IMO, easy to adjust to.  Besides, I have yet to find the ""perfect"" system in any game as they all have their quirks.I did have a couple lockups and crashes during the course of playing the game, but I have definitely had more from other games.  I didn't find them objectionable.Overall, I enjoyed this game and would recommend it to others.  If you have a large number of crashes, it could be because of your system.  I've found that a weak power supply can cause a lot of problems when a system is taxed by some games.My system:Intel I7-3770 (stock)32GB RAMNvidia GTX 780Ti1000w power supply (with a single 12v rail (important!))"
76561198248139518,Not Recommended,223100,23105574,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,AzzHat,Worst decision ever made: Ignoring reviews and purchasing a pre-ALPHA quality gameBest decision ever made: REFUND!!!
,Recommended,223100,29192431,Posted: 11 January,all,fantomik,"It turned out to be a really good game after few updates. It have a great atmosphere. The Multiplayer community is great even is somewhat small, but I always find matches to play when I get back after work. (full disclosure: I bought it while on winter sale, which happend to be ~14 EUR and I got really good entertainment for it)."
,Not Recommended,223100,23383578,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,knaozZ,"I haven't played a lot of this game, and the reason being is I just can't stand the bad optimization, gameplay, voice acting, AI and story. Gun customization is pretty decent, but I don't think anyone is going to buy this game just for the guns. I know everyone keeps saying this, but it has such great potential, and the concept is amazing, but the way they executed it was just horrible. It's simply not a good game, and it's not worth  59,99 euros."
76561198112220357,Not Recommended,223100,23128631,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Empolian,"I feel for a game souly based on shooting, the gunplay and way the weapons handle are garbage, and thats coming from someone with a ton of experience with fps games. Also, the voice acting is non-believable and garbage. For an ""Open World"" game its extremely linear and doesnt allow you yo freeroam at all. I pre-ordered this believing that maybe this homefront would turn around this series, but unfortunatly, it has let me down once again. I wouldn't even pay $30 let alone $60. I would definitly not buy this game, unless its on a serious sale."
76561198037506841,Recommended,223100,33086034,Posted: 1 July,all,CaradLoki,A nice enjoyable game. Great story. Could have more life in it.
76561198154325540,Not Recommended,223100,23101634,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,CrustiestDuke,it was fun but it only took me like 6 hours to finish the game
,Not Recommended,223100,28491156,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Ryne,-The gunplay doesn't feel good and is not accurate. I ended up hip shooting most of the time instead of aiming down the ironsights because it is to hard to hit anyone. It does make the game hard and frustrating. The stealth part of the gameplay is annoying since the AI have super good vision and spot you most of the time but doing a stealth kill takedown can be fun. Driving the motorcycle is hard to control and gets caught on the terrain in a matter of seconds. I ended up running on foot most of the time because of it.The story is very boring and not interesting. The voice acting is terrible and the AI isn't smart. Overall it feels really repetitive and generic. They should of made the game linear like the first Homefront instead of open world. It would be better off that way instead of fetching for things going back and forth which gets old really quick. They could of focused more on the gameplay and story that way.
,Recommended,223100,30358962,Posted: 6 March,all,Mr. GrimM,"The single player game is very goodCo-op kind of sucks not enough content and it's deadCo-op for the single player game would have made this game epic, but they failed on that big time.Buy it on SALE not worth full price ( would be if the co-op was for single player like Dying Light )"
,Recommended,223100,28579168,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Nuckleamore,This is good gameI like the Spirit of the revolutionGood GraphicsOpen World FPSRecommend buy this game while Winter Full DLC
76561198053567705,Recommended,223100,28736951,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,GlennOC,"I cant speak to how this game was at launch. I only recently purchased it.But....For how well the game engine runs today and the amount of content it provides, gameplay, etc... AND the sale price of $11 - $15 (for game and season pass). This game is a great buy.It has its quirks, like cut and paste characters sometimes in very close proximity, and a few others, but for the price I paid and how well it runs (Dec 27, 2016) it was well worth it.Recommended to people who like Far Cry / Fallout 4 / freedom (open world / open zone) types of games. Its kind of a mix of all those games.I do feel for those that paid the full price for game + season pass (and launch issues), but so far (today) the game seems to run great and well worth the $11 - $14."
76561197982968927,Recommended,223100,25458013,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Game Geezer,"Once again, people are disrespecting a perfectly good game, for no good reason.If you like the Farcry style of FPS games, you will like Homefront: The Revolution just fine.In fact, I found it easier to immerse myself into because it is grittier, more ""realistic"" in terms of weapons, environment, styles and AI.The phone and menu navigation is a little unwieldy, but that just adds to the realism of trying to juggle a rifle and a phone.I've not had an experience like this since FarCry 2 and I am really enjoying it.This has been on my list since it came out, but I hesitated, wanting to give time for bugs to be worked out.  But I meant to get it before now.So when Steam offered a free weekend of play, I couldn't pass. I bought it after only a few hours of play.Deep Silver has made some of my all time favorite games and they always get preferential treatment so I will make a gift of this game to a couple of friends to show my support."
76561197975902224,Recommended,223100,26498346,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Prince Charming,"I've really enjoyed this game.  I was looking for a fun FPS to play and it delivered.  Sure the story could be a bit better and the gameplay got somewhat repetitive closer to the end, but overall, I loved it!I would love to see DLC content from the Homefront team.So many negative reviews of this game made me reluctant to get it in the beginning.  I'm glad I finally did.I can see myself playing this again on a harder difficulty level.  I just wish the stealth was more developed."
,Recommended,223100,26692376,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Яonin,"I liked the game; even with the choppy gameplay and short DLC length, which they could've and should've made longer. I loved riding around on the motorcycle and blowing up KPA convoys in the Red Zones."
,Recommended,223100,25447490,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,JohnGotti,The game feels so awesome though i dont see why this game is beeing trashed because its rly alot of fun. I so love the story! The way you walk to the way you shoot! From me they get a thumbs up.
,Not Recommended,223100,23105474,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Its Jade!!!!!,It is fun. Die very fast. Lots of bugs. Txt msgs that wont go away. Hard to get to strike points. Id wait for the bugs to get shot over the wall.
76561198016209212,Not Recommended,223100,23150106,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,siezetheday43,this game is a turddelivered nothing what they said this game was about
76561198068232407,Recommended,223100,25472975,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,GetForkStabbed,"Much like Farcry, but without uplay and Ubisoft. Pretty dank game if i say so myself."
76561198001253264,Not Recommended,223100,24528677,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Kei,"I was happy to see Homefront 2 coming out. Happy enough to pre-order (which I don't usually do). It had an interesting setting, story was so-so and over acted (so was the original Homefront -- it was to be expected). But the more I played this game, the excitement diminished more and more and frustration took its place. It wasn't frustrating because it was difficult or challenging. No, it was frustrating because there were so many stupid things to deal with. Either bad design, random puzzle mechanics (especially those where the mechanics were not properly introduced or apparent), ugly dev shortcuts (patrols randomly popping into view?), and bugs. As another reviewer stated, you could start seeing the “cracks” appear. The story, the acting, that all would've been forgiveable. But the engine was ridiculous.I understand the issues with development and changing hands and all that, but when you take a game and patch it only to make it worse, you really have to question what is going on. Some of those changes were not even needed, yet the developers messed with them and screw it up even more.I recorded my playthrough and put it on YouTube, but by the end of the series, I was basically muttering “this is so stupid” the entire time.The multiplayer is okay, but not worth the hassles you have to go through to paly it. If you can actually find a game, you have to hope that you’re a decent enough player to not fail the mission for your team. And of course, you have to hope that you get decent teammates. It’s not bad if you have to exit a game because of those issues, but it takes forever to find enough players for a game you could spend your entire ‘gaming time’ allotment sitting there waiting. the multiplayer is nothing like the original Homefront.And on that note, the guns/shooting/etc feels nothing like the original Homefront. Those had some good feeling to it, but Homefront 2... man...Summary: Do not buy it at full price (terrible mistake on my part). Buy it at around $5.99 USD (okay, maybe $8.99) for some fun that you can jump out of when it gets tedious. Or better yet, watch it on YouTube."
76561197978061281,Recommended,223100,31901273,Posted: 22 May,all,Hanith,"The game plays a bit like Freedom Fighters meets Far Cry. You can recruit resistance fighters to tag along in fights while you complete objectives. Most of the objectives are optional in that they are usually capture / hack / sabotage <X> to control a few blocks of a zone. In ""Red Zones"" (Combat Heavy areas) these tend to be more aggressive and capturing areas provides more NPCs that passivly attack neighboring captures points. They will never take them by themselves but they provide a lot of help regarding some of the more heavily defended areas. ""Yellow Zones"" are more about sabotage and stealth. You kill KPA officials, free prisoners, and sabotage KPA resources. Capturing areas in yellow zones is usually about solving a platforming puzzle. The benefits there are a close respawn point, gun access, and a couple resistance fighters. The main goal of yellow zones is to max out a ""Hearts and Minds"" meter to get the civilians to revolt. As the meter fills, the population becomes more aggressive and the area collects more garbage, evidence of fighting, and random dead KPA peacekeepers. More resistance fighters run about and fire at KPA officials toward the top 20% of the meter as well. In both Red and Yellow zones, captured areas reduce the number of KPA patrolls making movement for the main objectives easier and providing KPA tech points to unlock weapon changes like turn egrrenades into proximity or remote mines or the pistol into an SMG or the assault rifle into an LMG. These changes are permanently unlocked and can be switched between at any given time.Pros:Gameplay is fairly solid and straightforward. A bit of thinking is required to complete some of the capture points as well.Capturing zones provides a good sense of progression as it unlocks extra weapons and you see more resistance running about. In yellow zones, this is especially true as the population gradually goes from cowed to highly aggressive.The different weapons and attachments allow for variable playstyle. To support this, most objectives have multiple routes to take, each favoring a different approach. Take strongholds for example. You can destroy a vent and crawl in, run an RC-car with a hack device under the wall to open the front gate, sneak in via underground tunnel, or jump in via dirt-bike and ramp. Each approach has pros and cons to fit your playstyle.Early on, animations are crisp, well polished, and the game generally looks, sounds, and plays great.Multiplayer is fun, especially with friends who also have no idea what to do. The multiplayer missions are multi-objective one-off missions that play as coop. The situation in them can go from 0 to 11 VERY quickly making play somewhat unpredictable. The enemy position is also influenced by RNG to a degree making replay more interesting.The player can't quite carry enough ammo for an extended outing. Having to scavenge corpses for ammo make the ""I'm not well equipped"" feeling sink home. That said, excluding the rocket launcher, every KPA corpse will have some ammo for whatever weapons you are currently using (along with a odd health kit).Cons:Occasional glitching. I've had a few grenades fall through the world and the odd KPA corpse vanish via the same means. The game crashed totally a single time for me during the beginning cutscene.Dirt-Bkies are death-traps. I've almost died from standing one up and getting pinched between it and a wall. They also tend to get lodged into rubble or walls and you have to find another. You also cannot fire from them making you a screaming target for KPA. They are only needed for certain non-main-objective platforming puzzles and faster travel. Beyond this, they are totally optional.Later on, scripted animations are a bit more unpolished. Characters move around a bit much and occasionally teleport. Mind you, this is only for scripted animations, not actual gameplay. Thankfully, the same level of polish in the beginning of the game is also present at the climax of the game.There are only a dozen or so multiplayer levels. Things unlocked in single-player don't transfer to multi-player and the unlocking mechanism is different (play missions to get credits to buy equipment boxes to unlock somewhat random gear.) The game is fun but suffers in the same way as the Left 4 Dead series. Missions become a bit redundant as you play them over and over. Also, Higher-level gear (at least what I have unlocked which arguably isn't much) doesn't really allow you to play fashion-souls much. My lvl 5 character who is an old mail delivery man is covered in goth-punk spikes and has a blue mohawk.All said and done. I spent more than a few hours playing this game and I would indeed recommend it."
76561198043749213,Recommended,223100,25940679,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Kris the Abyss,"I had a good time with it. You're looking at around 20 hours give or take worth of content if you're willing to deal with frustrating ai and doing the same objective over and over again. To be fair, it gives you a lot of ways to takle objectives, which i loved. In one part i had to release a prisoner with 2 heavies and a armored convoy nearby. I set up remote decoys ahead of time and approached from a different direction. When the convoy passed i remotely activated the decoys, rushed in and hacked the panels to let the prisoner out, only to have to fight my way out and run. If this game gets something right is the feeling of being chased. In an actual scale of 1 - 10 where anything lower than 7 is♥♥♥♥♥♥i would give this a 6/10. Super fun."
,Recommended,223100,29446938,Posted: 23 January,all,BOB ESPONJA,"I've only just played the main campaign without the DLCs, and I would say it is a good game. The changeable weapon idea was real creative. The story is good I guess, not as breathtaking as some other games but it is not bad at all, I certainly enjoyed it. All in all I would give it 7.5/10. You have a good foundation here, just make sure the next sequel is going to be a real gem thats gonna wow all of us."
,Recommended,223100,30737113,Posted: 25 March,all,Rockjaw,"Picked this up in the recent sale, and for $12, a great deal. Probably a pretty good deal up to $30. I have only played the base SP campaign so far, so that's what this is based on.It's a fun shooter with okay writing and excellent world building. While it's nothing new, it's pretty convincingly portrayed, and it's easy to rally behind the cause as you liberate Philadephia from the 'Norks'. (Despite the enemy being drawn from real life, it's also relatively free of jingoism. Unless you speak Korean, it's easy to imagine them as any faceless invader you like.)While it's not exactly an open world - each area is a walled off zone, so it's not totally free roam - there's plenty to explore. There's a nice alternation between heavy action and light stealth too, which breaks up the pace nicely.My only quibble? I have no idea why, when he's clearly identified as a male, there's no voice for the main character. Maybe he's a literal mute. Groundbreaking stuff. ;)"
,Recommended,223100,31844984,Posted: 19 May,all,X6Flash9X,Excellent good storyFilter coop :(It was a good game Coop filtered pity
,Recommended,223100,25435976,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Subzy,"I am a huge fan of the Far Cry series. If you are too, then this game is for you. It has a few issues here and there but nothing major. Nothing game breaking. The game gets tense when you are being chased in the red zone on low health, whilst trying to find somewhere to hide. The game is not 10/10 but it is good enough that you will enjoy it immensly if you enjoyed Far cry.Get it on sale if you must. Such a shame it had a very dodgy laynch. Patch 2.0 fixed it all apprently and I have not seen anything game breaking.The multiplayer is fantastic. Objective-based Co-Op missions. Nothing addictive mind you, but good enough to jump into every now and then."
76561197987535564,Recommended,223100,23982641,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Sandeep Sidhu,Ran into issues like cant mount a bike. Some capture points are greyed out forever. AI is a bit stupid at times.But overall i've been hooked to the game
76561198030030425,Recommended,223100,28517686,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,ŽČČŽŽŽČČŠŽŽČČŽČ,This game is good i like it :)Grafics and story are good.Weapon Customization and gameplay are fun.City is interesting.Liberation of enemy bases are boring because you just need to open the valve.Climbing sometime can be annoying.It s much better game than the first Homefront.I hope there will be third game.
76561198064721925,Recommended,223100,35112357,Posted: 21 September,all,MrBleu,"Buy it on a SALE, otherwise you might be disappointed with what you get.It's okay. Nothing ground breaking or spectacular but not completely terrible. It's just okay.The gameplay could have been more refined, mechanics from other games could have been implemented to make it better. It's sort of like a Far Cry in a City - which is an interesting idea, (I was very much looking forward to this) but the execution just kind of missed the mark.Unlike Far Cry, there is no way to reset the Red Zones (enemy controlled areas) once you finish the game, so in terms of replayablility whilst keeping your upgrades, there isn't. Some of these upgrades are fun, but some of them you get while near the end of the game - leaving you wanting more time to play around with them but guess what? the game's over and you can't.Enemies can pop in behind you, sometimes even in front - just so that they're far enough. That's one of the problems, enemies can respawn just from a few meteres away - making sniping kind of pointless. You can snipe enemies, but as soon as you get close, they will have already respawned.This sucks when you love long range, but it also affects players who like to play like assassin's/ninjas. You can sneak in a stronghold and knife everyone to your liking, but some times enemies will respawn literally seconds after you turn away and they'll sound the alarm.Eventually, you'll get used to this and develop your own sense of where and when to be most cautious - so that you won't alert the whole block, it just sucks that you even have to worry about that in the first place.Don't get me wrong, the gameplay was OK, it's just not great. Small things like this detracts from the experience. I enjoyed it, but it just could have been more."
,Recommended,223100,32410205,Posted: 14 June,all,PCGNeurotic,"There are certain games,like Homefront: The Revolution, whose publishers unfortunately give them terribly botched launches. The pressure on a dev team to deliver the finished product, especially with games like Homefront that have had a very long, twisty development history, is immense and often responsible for the botched launch and/or the parcelling-off of content into DLC. So as a potential buyer of this game, reading the Steam reviews before you purchase, the first thing you need to do is divorce yourself from all the anger and bitterness surrounding its flatulent launch, and examine the game as it stands now (June 2017 as I write this). And as it stands now, it’s an absolutely brilliant open-world FPS, with beautiful CryEngine graphics, smooth animations, detailed textures and fantastic lighting, and a really solid-feeling set of controls. Most excitingly (for us newcomers) and terribly (for those who were burned at launch), it’s immensely good fun to play too.Mechanics-wise, this is nota twitchy Call of Honour: Medalfield man-shoot, but something in-between all those sugar-addled rage-baiters and the more ponderous ARMA-like milsims. The weapons have a nice, hefty feel, and the differences between a Battle Rifle modded with a muzzle brake and a short/mid-range scope and an unmodified Battle Rifle are quite apparent. The base selection of weapons is quite limited, but each one can be converted into 3 different sub-weapons. For example, the crossbow can become a blunderbuss or a flamethrower, the pistol an SMG, the assault rifle an LMG and so on. Each variant is then modifiable with different scopes, muzzles and grips or bipods. On top of that, there’s a really fun range of craftable explosives and ‘hacking devices’ that can be thrown, planted, disguised as teddy bears or driven around on RC cars with tiny cameras attached. Some of these tie in to the different approaches you can take to various enemy compounds and blocked-off bonus areas, and each one is fully satisfying to use.The game world is composed ofaround a dozen or more different urban zones, ranging from Really Large to Bloody Huge. It’s mostly post-war destruction and very Fallout (not least in the way you collect random junk from rubbish bins and old sofas to help you build your Molotovs and grenades, etc), which is no bad thing really, especially as rendered in CryEngine. And despite the general theme of guerrilla fighting amidst the dusty ruins of broken houses and office buildings, rubble-filled streets and over-grown rail and dockyards, there is a surprising amount of variety between the zones too. As the story progresses through each new area, it’s sort of a nice treat to see what new scenery you’ll be crawling over, under and through each time. The zone maps are filled with icons representing different optional activities, special items to explore for and various story and side-story objectives. A zone is ‘completed’ (although you can still go back to it at any point) once all of its main objectives have been achieved, i.e. capturing various enemy strongholds, often by force, but also by completing simple environmental puzzles and exploring and climbing.At the same time,there is a very nicely done day/night cycle, and the enemies’ MGS-style awareness of you and their minimap-visible alertness levels are significantly influenced by the time of day. Speaking of the enemies, they’re generally pretty sharp. They see you, they’ll organise and chase you down. They’ll flank you, encircle you, try to sneak up on you and do all sorts of interesting things. Many’s the time I crouched quietly in a corner healing or re-loading, only to watch in horror as the red dots on my mini-map fanned out and zeroed in on me using routes I wouldn’t have thought a computer game mob would be smart enough to use. They’re a good challenge on normal difficulty, on hard they might be really tough.The story is good,but ultimately not as interesting as the motion capture and voice acting, which are simply captivating. There are only very, very few pre-rendered moments in which you just sit there watching, but the rest of the time it can feel quite close to actually ‘really being there’. Good stuff, in other words, and it really does help buoy the story along. Where you can really see the aforementioned publisher clock-watching and content-chopping is in the fact that the game ends on something of a muted victory – in fact, the entire story is quite intimate, but happens to be set in a larger context – and that only by playing through the 2nd and 3rd DLC do you really get a meaty conclusion to that larger context. The 1st DLC acts as a direct prequel to where the game begins, so that if you play all 3 DLC and the main game, you do then feel as though the whole world of Homefront (literally) opens up into something truly cinematic – a Kelly’s Heroes or Dirty Dozen for modern times.Technically speaking –because a lot of the original outrage was based on glitches, bugs and errors – the game as it stands now played perfectly for me. It ran beautifully smoothly at my desktop resolution of 1920x1080 and never crashed or froze once. And I can count the number of visual glitches I saw on one hand. This is with 34 hours played to complete the main game and all DLC, on a five-year-old i5 3.10 GHz CPU, 16 Gb of good RAM, and an ancient nVidia GTX 750 (yes, I am a terrible human being). Of course, performance and the appearance of bugs and glitches is mostly subjective, so the fact that it ran well for me doesn’t mean (obviously) that all the people for whom it didn’t run well were imagining things.Part Fallout, part Saints Row,part UbiSoft Map ’em-Up, Homefront: The Revolution also has buckets and buckets of its own charm and good feels. The DLC is uniformly excellent, so if you can get that too, it’s a huge bonus. Most importantly though, and the question I always ask at the end of my reviews, is it worth the price? Well, if you’ve read this entire thing without skipping ahead to the end to tell me what an absolute idiot I am, the answer might surprise you: Not completely, no. I couldn’t recommend it for EUR 60, or whatever it debuted at. And in spite of the enormous fun I had with it for almost 40 hours, I can’t in good faith recommend it for the EUR 30 it’s listed at now, here on Steam (even though the production values appear to be sky-high and I’m sure Deep Silver would like to recoup them). Honestly, and I’m not even sure why, but this feels more like a EUR 20 game. I think that if the DLC were integrated parts of the whole, 30 would be reasonable, but without them the base game is a good story that starts too slowly and confusingly, and ends with a TV-budget bang. But the good news is, you can find it on most non-Steam sites for around 20, and sometimes even 10, anyway. So if you do, pounce on it and you won’t regret it."
,Not Recommended,223100,24736326,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Private Joker,"To be completely honest, this game isn't up to par with the original game. Sure, it looks nice, and the freeplay environment is cool, but somehow, they managed to make the gunplay worse than the original game's. Converting weapons on the fly is cool and everything, but realisticly, it's too fast and the changes that are made are sometimes quite rediculous. Also some conversions are just♥♥♥♥♥♥ Convert your sniper rifle into a firework cannon? Nope, do not do that. You'll have better luck with a grenade or you know, an actual rocket launcher. The online game is pretty just the missions from singleplayer(sure they're different missions, but they play out the same. No freeplay online, its just mission after mission and theres really not that many missions to play. Also, the online is dead already, so don't expect to actually get to play online if that♥♥♥♥♥♥Bottom line, I bought the game to see if it was really as ♥♥♥♥♥♥ as everyone said it was. I can confirm it's pretty bad, but probably not quite as bad as everyone else says. Buy this game if you want to play another Far Cry esque game and would like it in some ""The United States has been invaded and you, the most patriotic of patriots would rather die than let those goddamn Koreans win"" kind of perspective. 8/10 Concept wise, 3/10 gameplay wise, 0/10 multiplayer, and 1/10 for optimsation and polish. Overall, I'd say its about a 3.5/10"
76561198057223487,Not Recommended,223100,23222410,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,haywire3,"Yet another game that will not play because it continually freezes. Everytime I attempt to play the game, it freezes immediately after talking to Cookie the weapons guy.  So sick and tired of games that I prepurchase only to be unable to play it for days or weeks after it gets released.  There are too many other ways to spend my time. You people have a lot of nerve releasing this garbage before it is fully tested and ready.  Did you learn this from Bill Gates?BTW, I just wanted to tell the decision makers one thing:  F*** YOU ALL."
,Not Recommended,223100,23344960,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Lawie,"It's been a ride finishing up this game. I must admit, this game will not win game of the year. However. Homefront: The Revolution is not a bad game. It's not great, but it isnt bad. Probably because of all the problems this game had, this game could have been more. There are good fun features in this game, but they are poorly executed. Story is ""okay"", but not interesting. I loved the first Homefront, but this one...doesn't go much in the background or story. It feels like doing a shore. Liberating area's seems fun for the first two area's, afterwards it seems pretty much the same thing. It seems like some things were simplified, and that seemed like it was just for ""speeding up"" the proces. It's not a good game, but it's not a bad one either. I do like the voice actors, and they do try their best to create a homefront world. But it just doesn't feel right. I want to say this game was worth it, but it just doesn't feel so. Great sound effects, great music. The gameplay is ""okay"", story was dissapointing, but it wasn't ""bad"". I love the game, but it missed a lot of greatness. I rate this game a 6/10. But i can not recommend this game at full price. Wait for a sale, and then maybe sure."
,Recommended,223100,23045841,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,General Kazeeem,"The main complaints about this game are about the optimization.I have a fairly powerful computer, and it runs fine, albeit i turned a few settings from ultra to high (poor me).There are occasional lag spikes, once every 10 minutes i'd say, but it's not game breaking at all.Seeing as I'm not a whiny baby, i realize that optimization is something that will be fixed in a month or two through patches, and if its not, THEN i'd be worried, but until then, we're going to look at the game from a non technological standpoint.My only complaint so far is that i feel like i was thrown into the action a little too fast. Not enough intro plot for me, but an hour in, i was very comfortable with how the game was going.Gameplay wise, it's similar to farcry.Liberate zones to increase your support in the region, disable North Korean infrastructure, and gain the ""hearts and minds"" of the people, to bring more people to the revolution. This is done by capturing special objectives and areas, like observation points, patrol areas, securable areas, saving civilians, broadcasting revolution propaganda in place of North korean propoganda, and a few other ways as well. The hearts and minds system is a nice refresher to this style of gameplay.The combat feels good. You have the choice between stealthing, brute force, or hit and run tactics using tech you aquire in the game.For example, a remote car explosive device could be driven under an armored patrol vehicle and detonated, destroying it and the soldiers patrolling with it, letting you stay at a safe distance and leave quickly.The guns feel good, the sounds are nice and even on hardened you can take down norks with a good headshot, or a few body shots.The most interesting part of this would probably be the weapons customization.For your first weapon, you are given a pistol and an SMG conversion. To apply this conversion, you remove the slide of the pistol, insert the lower into the SMG upper and load the magazine, all of this being a very nice animation you actually see in game.You can also switch out AR15 uppers, shotgun parts, and pretty much anything else you want on the fly.I'll probably update this review once i've completed the game, but so far, i can safely say most of the compaints and negative reviews are based upon the game not being properly optimized for the PC, which is understandable, but not enough to give it a negative review in my opinion."
,Recommended,223100,30440144,Posted: 10 March,all,vijju6091,got the game during sale and started way better than recent ubisoft crap at least and people this game is much more better than what reviews suggest .please buy during sale and  you will enjoy it
76561198027029350,Recommended,223100,30402386,Posted: 8 March,all,Tanjera,"nearly cleared out a stronghold, threw a grenade at the last one hidden, grenade bounces off ally right back at me. 10/10 would get blown to pieces again.Rewrite: Now that I've put more hours into the game, finished the main campaign and several expansions, I can write a more critical (but still very positive!) review of this game. I can still say that it appears most of the bugs, glitches, whatever was initially wrong with this game have been patched together. This is a very solid game- imo worth full price even though I got it on sale.Issues? Sure, the AI is occasionally slow to engage you when you take your first sniping shots on a group. Generally, though, the AI is solid when they're chasing you through the city or you're battling through waves towards an objective. Solid and challenging; they will flank and swarm you.Graphics are phenomenal- no glitches, fast FPS. Level design is very thorough and detail oriented, atmosphere and NPC activity advances with the storyline in each area, different zones offer a variety of scenery, obstacles, and structures to use as cover. Campaign is a good length plus open-world ""jobs"" and side missions help to unlock gear. Sound is great- really good voice acting (noted: protagonist is not voiced in main campaign, but it's really no big deal- still very smooth). Good build-up of different personalities in the game. Weapons are verrry customizable- I've only even needed to use ~1/3 of the weapon choices so far!The only, only, only thing I could ask for is to turn off snipers' laser sights in the red zone for an extra challenge.. and for all KPA to turn off flashlights.. and to turn off the mini-map. That would add a new level of rubble-crawling difficulty :D"
,Recommended,223100,25485481,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Ephiraal,"I'm not sure how much staying power the game has, but as an in-the-moment sort of the game, it's very fun. There are still a few bugs present, but if you wait even longer than I did, and the developer continues to refine their game, it wouldn't be unwise to purchase it for even full price or on sale.As for the game itself, think Far Cry gameplay filtered through Call of Duty and Metro, visually stark and atmospheric but tonally fatuous like an action movie. Can't say I approve of the overt jingoism either, as it turns to inanity a few times. Guess it's an American thing, like that guy running for governer, firing a minigun in his campaign ad."
76561197986596613,Recommended,223100,30409198,Posted: 9 March,all,Pear,"It has bugs, no co-op campaign, I couldn't use/shoot/do anything in the last mission I played, but this happens rarely (still not a good thing).It's a fun game, you complete missions together, get money and xp to progress by buying crates (in-game money) for equipment and leveling up your skills in different skill trees.You can modify your weapon on the battlefield, including the barrel itself (as in a fast shooting rifle modified to a high caliber sniper rifle etc)You craft hackers, explosives, distraction (firecrackers :v) and molotovs, which can also be upgraded if you get the blueprints in crates, as in bomb taped to a rc racer, proximity which is taped to a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥bear for some reason, and remotely triggered, which is just a remote.Basically, craft, modify weapons, get gear that changes stats, and it has skilltrees/classes.Though, not worth 40 euro if you buy it for co-op, just sayin, but it's fun"
76561198048223975,Recommended,223100,26041819,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Judged,"Like some I waited until I'd heard there had been a major patch to address the bugs this game is known for.  Waited for a discount day and decided I'd try this.  I was pleasantly surprised.  The gunplay is well done and I had a lot of fun with the weapon customization.  It didn't always make sense (like converting a sniper rifle/DMR into a rocket launcher) but there was a wide variety of weapons and equipment to choose from and play with.  The type of game where you see a group of enemies headed your way and spend 10-20 seconds deciding how you want to dispatch them each time.Was the game bug free?  Absolutely not.  The wreckage of enemy drones or humvee's would often glitch out right as I could tell the game had timed them to explode.  Some of narrative stalls due to glitchy npc's, and there is a checkpoint scene where you follow a line of 4 or so people past a desk.  I had to reload that part about 8 times to get the npc's to walk forward when they were supposed to and not just randomly stop which prevented the scene from progressing.  Sometimes enemies would see/detect you through solid objects like police barriers when you couldn't see them.  So they definitely don't have everything worked out, but I was able to brush most of this off and still have fun.The story was nothing impressive although there was plenty to do.  My current time played (36h) is one play through, though I'll admit I took a semi-completionist route to get about 90% of the weapons/items unlocked.  And I did find the premise of this alternate reality where North Korea has developed all the best technology in the world an entertaining one.  Basically the same route Wolfenstein: TNO took but...with far less polish and using N Koreans as a modern-day villain equivalent.If I was as pessimistic as a lot of these other reviewers (but still objective) I'd give this a 6/10.  Optimistically an 8/10.  So a 7 is probably realistic and fair for this game overall.  Either way I'd recommend trying it.  On a sale day of course."
,Recommended,223100,33427440,Posted: 10 July,all,HexamerA,"8hours in game and I already feel like writing a review. I got this game in the steam sales.It is one of the best sales I had the past years! And I plat A LOT of games!SINGLE PLAYER CAMPAIGN REVIEW ONLY:This game is so much fun and a good challenge. It has this Half-Life2/Metro/Wolfenstein TNO-ressistance feeling in a beautifull open world (Think: Tom Clancy's The Division) with area's to capture/bases to attack (Farcry series) And a really innovative weapon mod system wich gives you the freedom to change your mods over and over again at any point in the game. The character movement and gunplay feels really good and I guess the game is really polished now since I've not encountered a single bug this 8 hours.I really like tactical open world games. And to be honest, I do enjoy the story of this game more then Wildlands or Sniper Ghost Warrior 4 (and I had a lot of fun on those games also!) I don't understand why this isn't a more known title.PROS (+)+ Beautifull open world+ Great looting/crafting system+ Good Enemy AI+ Intense movie-like storyline+ movement+ gunplay+ weapon modding+ character development / upgrading system+ Climbing walls/fences/obstacles+ recruiting AI teammatesCONS (-)- Stealth is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥sometimes- Headshots with silenced handgun are not 1 shot kills- Enemies only appear in a <100m radius. It would be cool to have some distant sniper chances- A fast-travel button is missing- No option to add silencers to Assault rifles or snipers- No option to hide bodies"
76561197972995484,Recommended,223100,25471142,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Bulbachu,"Played it during the Free Weekend period. The game looks beautiful and ran pretty well, so the updates the developers have been pumping out seem to be working based on launch problems we've all read.The shooting itself felt a little lifeless and the A.I. can be dodgy sometimes but the gameplay it solid and the atmosphere great.They did a great job of showing you a war-torn Phili and the oppressed lives of the Americans that live there. Voice work was top notch and I can't wait to buy and jump back in once I get tired of Legion.The Multipler Co-op mode is pretty neat with lots of options for customization and character building. If you have 3 other friends that are willing to pick the game up, I highly recommend checking it out."
,Recommended,223100,33674819,Posted: 20 July,all,LoudCore,"I'm pretty far into the campaign right now and I just want to throw my thumbs up at the game. I plan on finishing and updating this review.I never played the game at launch so I can't tell you if the game performed badly, but I can tell there have been a ton of improvements and definitely bug fixes. Optimization is great on my GTX 970 @ 2560x1080.It's not a polished game by any means but I really find it charming. The feeling of liberating a zone with other resistance members just feels really awesome and unique. With the metacritic scores ranging from 10 to 80, I'd place the game in its current state around a low 7, but it's a solid low 7. It's far from some AAA blockbuster experience, it's a charming bargain bin experience. I picked this up for like ~$12 with the DLC and so far I'm still having a great time with it. The atmosphere is really awesome.The game never tries to be more than it is. It's an open world objective based shooter, nothing really more than that. The game goes on deep sales pretty often so I recommend it at those prices."
,Recommended,223100,30476384,Posted: 12 March,all,FuelSEAL,"I feel sorry for the developer. This game is very good. We all know that it WAS not optimized and sold at PREMIUM price. But the developer shows commitment and fix most of its main problem. I got it on Steam Sale at 11.99$ for bundled. This is the kind of game developer that need support.The Gameplay itself is a combination of Far Cry 3 or 4 and Payday 2. You can do many kinds of actions as in Far Cry 3 or 4 games, play the way Ubisoft style games like control the tower and the area is yours. Note that AI is smarters than Ubisoft's game AI. People said that some AI came out of no where, Then I say that it's just like Payday 2 you play in LOUD way and AI came out of no where. And yes, in Homefront, you can also play STEALTH mode and achieve the goal.There are different kind of characters, specialties, and weapon upgrade.What's MISSING is the Multiplayer PvP gamemode. There should be something like Tom Clancy's Rainbow Six Siege 5 v 5 embeded in the Open world map and control each area per round.There is a Multiplayer PvE gameplay where you can upgrade your weapon the way Counter Strike Go does and Far Cry like. Win each battle, get in game money and buy weapons upgrade, gear and consumables for the next round. Trust me, AI MP in PvE is really hard. You'll feel a bit overwhelm, just like Payday 2 Hard in LOUD style of gameplay.What's MISSING in MP PvE, is they need to randomize the location where items or post, enemy spawn point, objects etc. Many players got bored due to its monotone missions without randomized objects.This game is a must have at DISCOUNTED price.8/10Pro: above and graphics.Cons: You need very strong rig, game is pricey."
,Recommended,223100,33307211,Posted: 6 July,all,|TG| Eudiphon,"So, I'm not sure what technical issues this game had at launch to get it downvoted this much, but I'll give my perspective the game as it stands now.SingleplayerIn my opinion, the gameplay doesn't spend enough time really properly building up characters to make me care enough about the story. I'm into the whole ""red dawn"" like setting of the game itself, but I really wanted more gameplay revolving around the story than I did an open world game.Overall, I didn't feel like anything about the singleplayer experience was anything but basic in execution. It just felt like a very generic, semi-open world shooter.Multiplayer Coop(IE, Resistance Mode)This is where the game really shines for me, at least right now. The map selection isn't huge (I think around 8-10 maps or so), but there are a few elements that make this really fun to play for me:1. It has a progression / customization system, to make you always interested in opening reward crates with the cash you earn from missions, and make your soldier that much better.2. The enemies sometimes can swarm at you a bit, and sitting in one spot to fight them all isn't always practical vs just being mobile. So you get more of a feeling of urgency to make tactical decisions vs the singleplayer experience -- at least, sometimes.3. You can play with friends, which, generally makes things more interesting when you're playing with intelligent partners. While there aren't a ton of people playing, the people that do play you can often keep in contact with and get games going regularly.4. There is some degree of variation between mission runs. It's not a whole lot, but sometimes enemies will approach different directions in the same map, but on different runs. Sometimes there may be slightly different enemies (I've seen that too.) While I wish there was more of this, since this is somewhat minimal at the moment, it does help contribute to keeping things interesting.DLC addonsI haven't played these yet, but I've heard they offer a much better experience compared to the main storyline. Will update my review with more information as I complete them.OverallOverall, I'm not going to say this is a great game -- but I think at the current, reduced price compared to launch it's definitely on par value wise with what you should expect to get out of it. If I had to quantify it, I'd give it a 6.5/10 on the grounds there is definitely room for improvement to both the general combat, and definitely the singleplayer. Still, I've gotten some great enjoyment out of this game that I think it's still a solid value where it is right now."
76561198047965174,Recommended,223100,33369239,Posted: 8 July,all,mairuo,The story itself seemed like a drag but the setting itself was intriging. Completing the main story is not enough. Make sure to play through all the DLC because they provide the conclusions for the story arc.BTW the game is really buggy.
76561198118210382,Recommended,223100,30493784,Posted: 13 March,all,Nike Willy,"Singleplayer:                                    City control missions from GTA:SA+ Maps are ok,+ shooting feels good,+ most of bugs are patched.- boring story,- you can't skip cutscenes >:(Multiplayer:                                   Singleplayer missions with other people- no horde defence,- no pvp,- only sabotage/assasinate/escort missions- only way to get guns and attachments is by RNG- too easy- not enough players- no co-opSingleplayer: 7/10Multiplayer: 4/10Buy it on a sale."
76561197970494485,Recommended,223100,34167931,Posted: 11 August,all,The Valeyard,"Better than the original. Graphics are excellent. Main story quest a little dull, side missions great fun."
76561197985609198,Recommended,223100,25644082,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,punkOFworlds,"I gave it a whirl and really enjoyed it. Is it top shelf? No. Is it the best game I've ever played? Nope, but given the subject matter, setting, and the freedom to do things however you want I think it gets close to something I've been craving for a long time.I think it's what it could be once the kinks are worked out. I'm tired of pretty shooters that are more about how the water and grass looks. I'm tired of rail shooters that make you look in the background and wish that you could go there in the game. This game is not perfect but it stirs something in me. It makes me hope there is more to come.With the 50% discount this game is now part of my library. You should NOT spend $60 on this game but for the first time in a long time I'm excited to see where this game goes or the impact it has on other games in the genre.Some have mentioned that the game lacks the subtleties of other ""chose your own path"" games. I totally agree but the framework is there. I wish there was more emphasis on that kind of game play too but if you take the time to play around a bit you can make it as epic or straight forward as you want really.It's definitely the fault of the current game design that leads you towards the easiest options. I don't enjoy run and gun in single player games. I like the option for silent kills, sneaking through the sewers, using the environment, or flying over the wall on a flaming motorcycle while riding a wheely like Evel Knievel. These take time to set up and you could have just mowed them all down in half the time but you don't have to. All of those options exist but only on the harder difficulties do you start searching them out. Again, not a perfect game but you can kind of set the ""fun level"" for it however you see fit.The more I play Resistance Mode the more I like it! As a matter of fact, I will try to follow up on my review after I finish the campaign but I haven't stopped playing Resistance Mode, lol! The only advice I'd give is to slow play the campaign. Don't go out and take over everything as fast as you can. Enjoy the setting and use the environment whenever you can to take out the Norks in the most epic way possible. You won't regret it!"
76561198001955952,Recommended,223100,28457479,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,decook,A fun FPS with a ridiculous fictional story. Perfect for killing a weekend.
76561198060555825,Recommended,223100,28571586,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,xX-Star1child-Xx,"Great Stuff!Atmospheric, moody and enjoyable. Satisfying weapons, fantastic derelict waistlands to manoeuvre around. Airships that make your heart jump a beat when they let-off their 'War of the World' type spot alert sound when youve been tagged.Considering your part of the resistance in the revolution, it's true to its form and is what it should be.Fortunately for me it runs buttery smooth getting v-synced 60fps @ 1080p with all settings maxed - on GTX 1080 (Aorus X7 DT V6 CF1).It's a shame some are digruntled over this game, however I personally find there's fun to be had as otheres have also mentioned. It might not float everyone's boat, but I hope to play many hours more when I get the time off from work."
76561198239614840,Recommended,223100,28598649,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,SGT,"this game is hella cool...dont understand all the hate, i love the farcry game style and it runs great on my computerplus got it for 15 bucks...well worth it!!"
,Recommended,223100,28610982,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,.   -julez.a,"I had some pretty low expectations for this game. Virtually every critic seemed to hate it. And I get it, it's a pretty generic shooter with a lot of half-executed ideas. But what's there is fun. A ridiculous plot sets up some big set pieces, but for the most part you're free to roam around a section of the city and slowly liberate areas - which makes traversing around as a trespasser much easier. Stealth is handled competently and the gun play is fun, albeit shallow. The best parts are definitely scouting out locations and climbing rooftops to figure out how to recapture occupied areas.For around $10 on sale, this game is a neat shooter with some memorable moments."
,Recommended,223100,25442583,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,chronicdose,"Could run better, but game looks great, story is cool, open world reminds me of farcry2 (which I actually enjoyed). Free weekend was worth it for this company as it allowed me to play the game, and once I had I decided it was definitely worth 26$"
,Recommended,223100,31825936,Posted: 18 May,all,Guai,"Me: *Randomly throwing bricks at citizens*Random guy: ""Man, you are ♥♥♥♥ed up.""Me: *Throwing bricks at the random guy*Too rebel for me"
,Recommended,223100,30416735,Posted: 9 March,all,pecky-pete,it does'nt seem soo bad. few graphical and physics bugs. abit of pop in at close range. but gameplay does'nt seem so bad
,Not Recommended,223100,29160529,Posted: 10 January,all,Asiris,"Homefront: The Revolution is not a terrible game. Thought It's hard to recommend it. The story didn't take off well. It's very bland.I didn't care for anything in the game much. I didn't care for resistance nor cared enough to hate KPA, because there are really no villains in the game. All enemies have no face. There are really no characters to care for or hate.The only reason I finished the game is because I was looking for simple mindless shooter to run around and the game delivers in that regard.The gameplay simply works. Guns are cool and how the modifications work. There are many ways to destroy enemies.This game reminded me a lot Far Cry games, but has similar problem. There are a lot of ""towers"" and mindless task that are gets VERY daunting by the middle of the game.Locations also didn't impress me. It all felt similar by the 3rd discovered location and it really was.I also played the story DLCs. This is the case it really does feel like DLCs are cut out parts of the main story. While the DLCs by themselves aren't very impressive they would have add a great variety to the main game and the story if they were merged together in the order they describe the events. Really a missed opportunity here to make a better experience from the game.I read that this game was terrible on launch performance wise. Had no serious issues. Encountered few minor glitches, but nothing game breaking.Overall it's not a terrible game, but I wouldn't recommend it unless on sale and you're not looking for a great story. There is none of it."
,Recommended,223100,26033308,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,grimjesta,"I see I finally got my Freedoim Fighters 2, sorta.I don't get the hate for this game. It's another typical Ubisoft game, with a lot of the same mechanics as Far Cry 3 and 4, but whatever; it's still fun and that's why I buy games.I also prefer games where I make my own missions and do my own thing in an open world, so this game scratches that itch. It's worth picking up on sale, in my opinion."
,Recommended,223100,25461492,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,enhjester,"Not entirely sure why people are ragging this game. It's not terrible, yes; I did get it for free this weekend, but ultimately, I bought it.The gameplay isn't bad, the only thing is the sensitivity of the gun play, but that's fixed by decreasing sensitivity. The upgrades and attachments are wicked, you only have to buy one of the attachment to attach it to all guns. You quickly get cash to unlock and buy equipment.It is open world, where just like Fallout, you can do what you want when you want all while completing the main story."
76561197975722425,Recommended,223100,25462795,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,vladdevlor,"Played over the free weekend and loved it. Will be buying. I was on the fence and noticed a couple of wierd clipping bugs but love the game. A cross between metro, homefront 1, and Farcry. Havent quite got the hang on the bike riding but will hopefully get it by the end game."
,Recommended,223100,25483643,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Lolozaur,"With some small additions to the stealth aspect of the game, could have been much better; had my fun with it, plus they downgra... -ahem, patched it to run nice now."
,Recommended,223100,28475233,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Heavens Night,It has its issues but i enjoyed the ride.
,Recommended,223100,25515238,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Novactual,"For a game with such hatred, I enjoyed every moment of it!-Gameplay is amazing and highly resembles FarCry 3 aswell as has graphics and parkour style like Dying Light.-The story is not bad but it isnt as crazy as some other games, the story is more pinned towards you seeing both sides of a war where one has soldiers just like another-Over all its a great game for gameplay and the story is pretty good aswellHIGHLY RECOMMEND"
,Not Recommended,223100,23220871,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Roads Watson,"Optimization is awful. My PC is certainly not low end and even with this rig I get 20 FPS at best. The controls are fidgety, like 2006 basic controls. You turn your vision even slightly and the whole world becomes a blur. I can not, and will not recommend this game. It is not passable for a title developed by a studio in 2016. It's incomplete and should not have been released yet. £39.99 gone to waste."
76561197971204296,Recommended,223100,26161307,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Rickidoodo,"It took a while for patching to make the game playable, but after 1.7 it went from unplayable to very playable.  It's not a perfect game by any stretch, but I highly recommend it.Note that i am a fan of the core Far Cry series, FC 2,3,4 as well as Arma. Those are the kinds of games I like to play.Here's why Homefront The Revolution is a good game, for me... and maybe you...1. They nailed philly and post invasion occupation.  If you ever wanted to star in your own ""Reds"" movie, this is it.2. The whole premise, which starts with the Military in the US being disabled via hacking, is within the realm of possibility, say 30 years down the road.3. The technological advanced machines the Koreans have in the game, if you project say 20-30 years ahead, are entirely plausable.4. The enjoyment of this game, the immersion of it, went way up when I shut the Mini-map off. Recommend you do the same. It's all in settings and is easy to do.5.  The sound in the game is pretty good, sounds of occupation. It grows as the population is stirred up. Really adds to the immersion.  I like to shut off the music unless I am really feeling ""cinematic"". But normally, I like the music off which adds immersion IMHO.6. I have not finished the game but I am several hours into it. DON'T JUDGE THE GAME BY THE FIRST YELLOW AND RED ZONE you work. The game gets increasingly more exciting after a while.  You will feel like you are a fugitive from justice.7. There are a ton of side missions to do along the way, or stick with the main thread.  I started my playing with medium difficulty and hud on, focusing on the main mission 'cause I was getting my butt kicked.  Then I stopped the game, and began a new one, this time on hardest, no mini map (love it off!), and pursue all teh side missions.And so this is why I enjoy playing this game.There are some things I wish were better however:a. You can upgrade your guns, bombs etc... but the way you obtain them is by accumulating cash (or something called ""KPA points"").The whole thing about using cash for weapon upgrades just strikes me as totally non-immersive.  Look, you're in a rag-tag group of resistance fighters, where you and your copatriots live in poverty... and you will become a big deal in teh resistence.,.. but you need money for weapons?  I'd rather they use something like the ""renown"" system found in silent hunter... if ya know what that is...  they do use something called KPA points, but they can onl;y be used on certain items and not your main weapons.This is not a fatal flaw, but one that just strikes me as silly each time I purchase an upgrade....b. As a fan of the far cry series FC 2,3,4, the protagonist speaks a few words here and there in those games. Not a lot, but enough to feel like your character is a human.  In Home Front, you are always silent, even when you woudl expect something to be said (I won't spoil it for you....).This is not a major flaw as most of the time you are doing what freedom fighters do so well... and I suspect it was about budget, why we don't have that in the game. But just a little character talking on even rare occasions would have made the story more real.Some have been critical of the story.. and it doesn't quite equal what you get in Far Cry ... still it plays a part in the journey and glues together the pieces in to a whole.  I give the story a B.====================Conclusion - as I said earlier - if you want to be in your own Reds movie (the original, not the sucky newer one...), and want to experience the feeling of taking back your community and your nation from an occupying force, I highly recommend this game for you."
,Recommended,223100,34893860,Posted: 11 September,all,David Blaine,"Not the best shooter with open world, but not the worst"
,Recommended,223100,35180231,Posted: 24 September,all,*fly away,"Great game,but idk why the rating is so bad"
76561198109067909,Recommended,223100,35046121,Posted: 18 September,all,(TKA) AsphaltWarrior,"As a soldier in the United States Army, this got my adrenaline fix. Theres some pretty cool stuff here. Its not perfect but compared to what else is out there, this is worth it. Definitely a fun game and a great story line. Like I said, not perfect, but well worth it."
76561198279953659,Recommended,223100,25152104,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Angry VIKING,"Dudes, I think this game's got way too much miscredit. I guess its the 'reverse hypetrain'.The game isnt brilliant (as in 8.5-9+ in Gamespot/IGN) but it certainly, in my experience, isnt a failed game eighter.What it sets out to portrait: An occupied america where you play as a tiny part of the opposition, it accomplishes fairly well. Sure, theres no huge set-pieces or surprising advances in gameplay. But, its solid.As performance goes, its acutally one of this years 'demanding' games which runs better on my maschine. And, its a very humble potato: 12ram, i7, Nvida 900-somthing 4GBram, an old carrot' 1gb hdd w. some ssd sprayed on top.-it handles this without one (1!) single hickup. Period. No stuttering. No do-hickeys or but..wrinckles.And if the measly performance and huge issues at launch is to believed, then Cudos to the devs. for fixing this and ACTUALLY Care for their product.Some of the big-wig' companies could learn from that.My only caveat with this one is the graphic style. Why, in all the Nordic Gods' names, do we have to get served those 'slightly cartoonish' graphics. When surely the same effort and coding could have given us near picture-perfect graphics. Its just distracting and I cant help but catching myself dreaming and imagining how Philadelphia would have looked in 'true to life' graphic style; dilapidated and worn down; bruised and burnt by firefights; defecated upon by thousands.- Lennon would have fired up a pipe', but I linger on in game'./Dr. Mabuse,Gaming since the 1980'ties C-64 days and never getting enough."
76561198008821132,Not Recommended,223100,24451877,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Goodfellas,"Not bad in terms of the idea of the game. However, they could have made this game so much better with the storyline. As well as, they should have worked better for an open-world game. It was the same thing over and over with taking over the bases and all that. The graphics weren't bad, but the glitches were terrible. I've waited for this game since the last Homefront and it was not worth it. I give this game 5/10. Wait for the price to drop."
76561198105777534,Not Recommended,223100,23223347,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Captain KYS Scrublord//NUT,Cons:-Enemies are annoyingly bullet spongey-Characters have about as much character as a plate-silent protagonist fits-the gun play is slower than a paraplegic going from New York to California-Ai is a person on every known drug to humanityPros:-Hilarious graphical bugs-Rag doll may rival that of gta 4-Customization is halfway decent-Stealth is a 7.8/10 it ok m8All and all I give this game a 6/10 avoid like the bubonic plague(until it is safe to come out of the shelter)
76561198011947943,Not Recommended,223100,26032347,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Frostbitten,"VERY BORINGthis game is so incredibly repetitive, that just half way through the storyline, you begin to wonder how much longer till you can move on to the next Steam game in your wishlist. Even the main storyline missions become inconsequential and lame. About 3/4's of the game is running around liberating strong holds and doing little acts of charity. The strongholds would be interesting, but the AI mechanics is so bad that the enemies will just run straight into your line of fire and have no strategy except to Leeroy Jenkins you anytime youre noticed. The gun custimazation feature held promise, but failed to meet expectations. You end up unlocking all the gear and weapon attachments after just an hour of play, giving you nothing to want to work up to.Also the Sniper attachment is absoluetly useless. The battle rifle with the sniper scope is so much better. If you want to play a game like this, but done the right way, go play Farcry instead"
,Not Recommended,223100,23048626,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,ronjamesmajor,"Edited to include control method**I always struggle to decide whether or not to pre-order.This is one of those times when I wish I hadn't.The gameplay is actually fun if you're not looking for insane Action RPG style life ruining immersion, and it's a pretty great shooter with some fun mechanics (hacking, and modding weapons comes to mind in the first 2 hours I've so far played).The trouble lies in what everyone else is saying too; which is that it's thus far very poorly optimized.Running at 1440P.System Specs:i7 6700K OC'ed to 4.7ghzEVGA GTX 980Ti FTW 6GB16gigs of Vengeange LPX RAM at 3000mhzControlled with M+KB (Corsair K70 RGB / Razer Deathadder)And this game stutters and stumbles it's way through almost every graphical setting I've tried thus far. Maybe it will perform better once a patch or two is released but for now, for the price, it's a title that I think has a lot of promise.If you know what the game is going to be about. It might impress. Just wait a week or two to buy it."
,Not Recommended,223100,23186449,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,cKy,"worst pre purchase i've ever made ,and i've pre purchased games like watch dogs ;("
76561198083959269,Not Recommended,223100,23260646,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Moodcell,"Just refunded the game, the missing save function (the implemented autosave is a disaster!) is an absolute no-go !"
76561198042149148,Not Recommended,223100,30427002,Posted: 10 March,all,Kantari,"I hate it.Enemies respawn randomly. If you have to kill 10 snipers, then you can basically do it from the same spot, if you just wait.No reason to use tactics, because someone else will probably spawn right behind you,Making enemies respawn in singleplayer games, is the easiest way to make a game harder. Good programmers use AI to make a game harder."
,Not Recommended,223100,23102975,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Penguins4Trump,Gets repetitive after an hour of gameplay. AI is stupid. Don't bother. Waiting for refund.
,Recommended,223100,23300241,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Java-Script,Awesome game! I don't know why there are so many bad reviews...I have had a breeze playing this game no lag or crashes. And I'm using a 4 year old system.
,Recommended,223100,23073026,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Hidden308,"Well I am going to absolutely honest here I have accessed so far the 4th part of the city into the game within the 2 hours (slightly over 2 hours actually) of gameplay I have actually played in this game.I firstly must say I been looking forward to this game since it was first announced and I played the first Homefront. I have read the reviews from others and other major sites. I can honestly say the only negative thing I can personally find in this game is optimization.Gameplay and graphics were spot on in my opinion and even though I set my expectations low because I didn't expect it to even release after waiting so long with no news. I am extremely appreciated of the fact they brought everything I honestly expected in the game. Story is pretty good so far and I have no complaints and the gameplay and the feel of the game is very good.Optimization as I mention is the only downside of this. I did update to the latest drivers in hopes for SLI to work with this game since it was provided in the latest drivers by Nvidia, but it seems SLI does not work for this game. So I am only able to get on high settings across the board (nearly maxed settings, but not quite there) and I achieve a stable framerate around 90 FPS constantly through my playthrough of the game. Of course when I attempted max settings the frames were so unstable and plummeted to nothingness when it is maxed out. This would be the only downside, but the game only just released so I am not going to gripe about it because of that and will wait and see for future updates.As for other negative reviews and the reviews from IGN, etc. I honestly would suggest others to take it with a grain of salt. I would honestly give this game an easy 8.5 for the quality gameplay, story and experience this game has given. Which I personally find very enjoyable right now and I like the game and for those who enjoyed Far Cry or any type of shooter game this is great.I love how many options this game gives you for upgradability and changing out your weapons which is a great feature to the game and a pretty decent game changer. I also enjoy the challenge it brings and how you can roam the world without a gun always on your screen. I look forward to unlocking further 'yellow zones' and other things. I was also a huge fan of 'Freedom Fighters' that came out during the good Playstation 2 days. I personally find this game a good successor of both it and the Homefront series and hope to see more like it in the future (with better optimization and graphics).As I said don't take negative reviews of this game to seriously. Take this game as it was advertised during E3 and your expectations because it truly delivers and offers a good experience for a open world first person shooter."
,Not Recommended,223100,30399874,Posted: 8 March,all,Junelyn,"This game became insanely reptitive and boring after the first hour. I went against reviews for once in my life, and made a terrible mistake.The game is cool, and the concept is interesting... definitely unique to see who the antagonists are... but, the game is quite literally as if it were a mix of Dying Light, watch_dogs, and Far Cry 4 jammed into what feels like a PvP arena, because there's no break from anything. The radio communication gets insanely annoying after a while, and it seems as if they never shut up. The initial entry to the game felt confusing, it basically dumped you off into the world immediately as a sort of ""hero"". The characters are quickly forgotten and you really make no connection to them. The gun system is interesting... something I've never seen in a game, but that's not enough to make it decent. This game overall confuses me, and I cannot recommend it at all."
76561198045293459,Not Recommended,223100,23107275,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,The Dear Leader,"Totally unrealistic.First lets start off with the fact that everybody in the world loves North Korea. So, if we liberated the Americans from their capitalist opressors they would be jublient about the fact that they now live under me, Kim Jong Un. Second, because most Americans live in tents, eat birds and snow, and buy guns to kill each other, they would have no effecive logistical means to supply a effective resistance. Third, its a well known fact that everyone who lives in North Korea is very happy all the time. Those who are not happy are sent to ""Happiness Camps"" where they re-learn how glorious the DPRK is compared to the rest of the world. In fact they love me so much in North Kore I always get 100% of the vote  because they all love me so much. Anyway, this propaganda piece is nothing more then just lies being pushed by Obama, George W bush, the South Korean government, the Japanese government, and the American CIA."
,Not Recommended,223100,23113838,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Bailmaster,"Runs ok for the most part, loses frame rate a very annoying moment tho im sure this will be patched. For the most part the game is below average, the time spent on its development is clear in the gameplay as the combat feels like it would have been good 5-6 years ago."
76561197960688600,Not Recommended,223100,30113010,Posted: 22 February,all,KernelSanders,"I would be willing to look past the most ridiculous story of any FPS I've ever played.... if it wasn't for the cutscenes that cannot be skipped force feeding the faux character motivation down your throat every time the writers want to advance the plot.  Even worse than the usual cutscenes are the numerous ""walk and talk"" cutscenes where you have to walk (not run!) behind someone and listen to them gradually deliver their dialog, hoping that each measured line is that characters last.  These garrulous NPCs are the real villians of this game!  If only you could shoot them as well.  Unfortunately just like the cutscenes, the NPCs delivery of their cherished plot lines cannot be ended prematurely.  At least with the usual cutscenes I can get up and go make a sandwhich and maybe it will be over when I get back."
76561198003988085,Recommended,223100,23076117,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Orbital667,"I heard a lot of people ♥♥♥♥♥ing up a storm about this game and I figured I'd give it a try for myself.  Despite a rough start and some jank here and there in the form of hitched objective progression that required a couple of restart checkpoints to remedy, the game has overall been pretty crash / glitch free.  The game is graphically impressive cranked all the way up, but it should be noted that on my i7 4790k / 980ti / ssd system I had to drop a few things down from very high to high, namely particle density and object detail, but all the other options were maxed at 1080 and I got a solid 60fps with vsync.  Some strange hitching whenever autosaves are happening, but not too bad beyond that.  The lighting at night in the rain is really quite pretty, and there are really impressive dust storms and fog effects on top of some ridiculously high res textures and water effects make for a better looking game than anything on offer in Fallout 4 and I'd even say there are aspects of the engine that look better than GTA V in an open world setting.  I hope they finish optimizing the game for ultra settings.The gameplay is a mix of Far Cry and Metal Gear in some weird ways, and there are even times when I found myself feeling like I was in a Fallout game.  Stealth play is viable in most scenarios and the tools given to you come together later in the game to make for some interesting sabotage / raid situations.  A good mix of mission objectives and open world enemy population / mission spawning ensures that you're always doing something different for what feels like the first 15 hours, after which the game settles in to a routine that I've little hope will change much through to the end, but that is OK because the gameplay loop is rather fun.It should also be noted that the shooting is rather unforgiving and there are some guided mission objectives that are brutal and demanding.  I almost gave up once or twice, but if you power on and have Dark Souls patience in you then eventually you'll get the hang of it.  I'm playing on the medium difficulty and finding it just right.  AI in general is a bit wonky but enemy engagements are good enough.  Your friendly AI is indeed a bit dumb, but they serve as fodder long enough to give you the upper hand.  This seems to be their job and they do it well enough.Having just played DOOM and Uncharted 4 I came into this game with low expectations, between the highs those two games gave me and the review embargo for this game coupled with all the toxic forum discussions about what a turd this game was going to be I have to say that I'm glad I ignored all the naysayers.  I'm looking forward to taking my time with the rest of the game.  From what I've been reading about where I'm at in the campaign, I have another 10-15 hours to go on top of the 20 I already sunk in, and for my money that is a pretty good deal.  I'd give this one a try."
,Recommended,223100,30442448,Posted: 11 March,all,TheBigRob,"(I never post reviews sorry if this is not very professional.)At this point I have completed the game and played all the DLC content that has come with it. The only thing i was not able to experience was the multiplayer due to lack of people playing it.I purchased the game + freedom fighter bundle which came with all the DLC for about $11At the price I payed this game was 150% worth it. I would say that at a the $60 price for the game + DLC is worth it. I am not going to tell you the game is perfect it is not. The open world has its positives and negetives. I feel like you are not punished enough for death in the game as i was frequesntly able to just run and gun while single handedly killing hundreds of KPA securing objectives in each zone. You can recruit AI resistance to fight with you but I never found it needed. If i did die I simply was just sent to a safe house with no real penalty and able to do the mission again. The open world is also very repetitive. The same style of missions over and over to secure a zone and compell the average people to resist.The gun play in the game is decent feels smooth and kills are satisfying. the game does lack where it comes to performance. I dont have a top of the line rig but i feel like my amd 480 and I5-6400 should have been able to run it at the High setting that were recommended. However the game still looked very good at medium setting getting a steady 60 fps.Where this game really shined for me though waws the story. it had a bit of a slow point in the middle but overall it was solid. The characters were very believeable and I felt myself becoming attatched to them throughout the story. The writing was good the setting felt fitting and the backstory was a little far fetched but you could see it. The DLC were also very nice. one is more a prologue and the other two take you to thge events after the main campaign, allowing you to countinue where you left off.Overall I personally give the game a 7/10 I enjoyed my time playing it and would recommend it to a freind even at full price."
76561197970368703,Recommended,223100,25525257,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Johnny,"finished the Storyline during the free Steamweekend and bought the FreedomFighter Edition after finishing because i liked it that much, now want to progress in Coop-Mode and support the Devs.In short: (i can only talk about the current state of the game):interesting scenario with really nice gameplay (silence & loud mixed) and gunplay - running smooth (60 FPS) on a 980M"
76561198020616488,Recommended,223100,25432736,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Smokes,"I see a lot of negative reviews on performance of this game. I experienced none of these.I Looked over the patch notes and it seems the problem was solved shortly before I purchased.The Good1. First off the game looks absoulutly amazing.2. Excellent and extremly detailed area designs.3. After liberating a stronghold or area it changes.4. Story Is pretty decent and tons of content.5. Character models / clothing are very detailed.6. Able to customize guns on the fly.7. Can recruit people to help you fight and they are viable.8. Concept and atmosphere.The Bad1. Not enough equipment.2. Not enough guns.3. Not enough unique upgrades.4. There needs to be more npc character models for civilians.5. I would have liked to see more types of vehicles.6. No skill tree in single player.7. Stealth is lacking.8. Game still has Bugs and ai issues. Though, none stopped my progression.Overall i'd still recommend. I got it on sale and don't regret it at all. Having a blast so far, and you can really see that the hard work and effort put into this. 7.5 / 10. Wish they would have skipped the co-op and focused on development and progression of single player.On a side note. Session pass does not give all content. Didin't like that one bit."
76561198094864891,Recommended,223100,25488134,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,stwrtjstn,"I really enjoyed playing this game.  Cudos to developers for putting together a great single player campaign.  I will say I purchased this game after most of the reported bugs had been patched and had no problems running the game on medium settings with my gtx 760 2 gb card.  This game is running on the crysis engine, which is a lot more demanding than other graphic engines I know of.  This game is worlds better than the first game.   If you are trying to decide if you should buy this game, ignore the overwhelming negative reviews....they are mostly pre-patch reviews where people were having performance issues.Pro's+ Great environment and sense of detail+ Weapon changing system very creative and fun to interact with+Story kept me engaged for a respectable 18 plus hours...Yes it is hard to beleive North Korea took over US but the devs had to stay in keeping with the first game.+Great graphics and sound effects....will definitely replay once I upgrade my graphics cardCon's-While the zones were decent in size, I wish the zones would have been linked into one zone...more open worldOverall, if you enjoy first person, open world games, you should pick up Homefront.  Support the people who went through so much and so many years to bring us this great titile.  I hope to see a sequel to this game in the future."
,Recommended,223100,25486810,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,rmcnally,"Wish I had realized that the Steam Free Weekend was happening sooner because I really liked the story and the missions of this game. Although the game play was a bit laggy at times - even when I lowered the settings from what had automatically been selected, it had overall good mechanics and great graphics and decently smart AI. There were a few glitches that threw me outside the map when jumping a fence, but other than that, a very good experience."
76561198005063550,Recommended,223100,30402454,Posted: 8 March,all,Obi Juan Kenobi,"Looks great and plays great on my machine.I'm having a blast in Single player. Take your time. Cause chaos in between missions while clearing all the stuff on each map and you get your money's worth multiple times over.Co-op is a lot of fun and gives you enough upgrades to chase, keeping you busy for a while.I'd recommend, especially on sale.i5-650016GB RAMGTX1070Win 10(edited for updated sinlge player thoughts)"
76561198141791985,Recommended,223100,26109132,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,oORoshOo,"Great game. I dont believe it should be getting as much hate as it is. Never once crashed for me, no bugs, runned smooth and the entire idea of the game was just really neat and interesting. I enjoy every bit of it and Had a good time blowing the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of the KPA and starting the crowds of people to get all wild. There is some downsides though, I never felt SUPER attached to the campaign or story for example when a big character would die Id just be like,"" welp♥♥♥♥♥♥"" It wasent like gears of war, red faction, arma 3, and bunch of more attached feeling campaignes. Other then that I enjoyed it all and if your looking for a cool story, fun gameplay to burn time, then I recommend buying this. 8/1010/10 would whatch guys face get bashed with hammer again10/10 would whatch that guy who bashed the other guys face in get his face bashed in10/10 would whatch that guy who bashed the guys face in who bashed the other guys face in get shot in the knee."
,Not Recommended,223100,30426843,Posted: 10 March,all,Johnny Two Tips,"If ""typical Ubisoft busy work"" was a game, this would be it. Only good part is the Timesplitters easter egg."
76561198013535151,Not Recommended,223100,27926059,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Squeekie,"This game is fun, but with all the issues it is not worth your time.  Thankfully I didn't pay much for this game. Buying any  game you should not have to deal with frame rate issues, game crashing and much more."
76561198032573928,Recommended,223100,31695279,Posted: 11 May,all,Murgen,"This is a very fun first person shooter.When it first came out it got horrible reviews because of game-breaking bugs, but thankfully subsequent patches have fixed those issues.You play as a resistance fighter battling against the occupation of the USA by a hostile North Korea. Actually the enemy was apparently originally supposed to be China, which would have been a lot more credible, but it was changed to North Korea to avoid controversy (sigh). Overall the storyline was well done however, and the voice actors did a great job.The gameplay makes you feel like the underdog, which is exactly what a resistance fighter should feel like! You'll quickly learn the value of stealth because there's an essentially limitless amount of bad guys but you have very limited resources to fight them. Actually fighting them can be a net loss when it comes to resources expended (even if you win), so often it's best to just avoid battles entirely. You have to pick and choose your battles, stay under cover and out of sight, and avoid superior enemy forces.The underdog mentality is further reinforced depending on what kind of zone you're in. Red Zones are essentially free-fire zones with roaming enemy patrols and strongholds that can be captured for the resistance. Giant enemy airships have to be avoided; if they spot you they'll sic a large enemy force upon you. As you crouch and hide in a darkened basement as the huge enemy airship thunders overhead it's pretty much the epitome of feeling like ""the underdog."" Awesome!Yellow Zones are the other kind of zone. Here there are no airships but there is a global alarm. You have to blend in with the civilians and hide when the global alarm is raised. Example: If you plant an improvised explosive device in the road and an armored car drives over it and explodes this may trigger an alarm.The game takes place mostly in the post apocalyptic ruins of the city of Philadelpia. There's a large number of missions, many of which are open ended and can be approached in different ways. There's also a neat weapon customization system. With this system you can modify your guns as the situation develops. For example if you decide you need lots of close range firepower you can change your basic pistol into a submachine gun, but if you decide you need to be stealthy you can change it into a silent pneumatic pistol. Cool!The graphics are AAA quality. Music is unobtrusive and appropriate; I'm sad they didn't include the soundtrack with the game.There is also a multiplayer co-operative mode. These are a set of missions separate from the single-player campaign designed specifically for co-op with up to four players. Co-op gameplay is significantly different firstly because you get random loot; so your character's gear loadout will invariably have different strengths compared to what your buddies are sporting. Secondly, there is an RPG-like skill system, in which you earn skill points and have to choose how to invest them -- will you go heavy on stealth, or just ignore stealth entirely and choose brute force combat skills? The choice is up to you, and the randomization of the levels means there is some amount of replayability.There are some minor bugs still in the game, mostly relating to not being able to complete optional missions involving taking pictures with your character's camera, but I encountered no game-breaking bugs. There are also 3 DLC's which are high quality and help flesh out the single-player campaign. I paid $12 for the game plus all DLCs, and felt that was a good value for the 40+ hours of entertainment I got out of it.If you like first person shooters you'll like Homefront: The Revolution!"
76561198029031241,Recommended,223100,25513828,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,allywishus,"Although there are many issues with this game, overall it is still a very enjoyable experience and well worth the reduced price of $27. I recommend it, but not for full price."
76561198071581070,Recommended,223100,28094419,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Zionic™,"The game divides itself between these open Red Zone battlefields and the (slightly) more civilised Yellow Zones. These are run down urban areas where the oppressed American population live under the angry, stompy boot of the Korean Army. They play out much like the Red Zones - open areas with multiple objectives leading up to a final goal - but add in a barely formed stealth mechanic and a far more stern response if you’re seen. Get spotted and it’s a case of running away, breaking line of sight and waiting out the alarm. It’s likely something you’ll be doing a lot. Because these areas are more built up it’s easier to get caught or cornered when things do go south.Homefront: The Revolution manages to be entertaining without ever completely delivering on its open world warfare potential. There’s definitely an interesting game here if you fancy a different paced shooter. There’s just a few bits that don't quite click. The pace between the Red and Yellow Zones doesn’t flow as smoothly as it could, for example. The scrappy free roam fighting can deliver some great moments, but just as equally frustrate with loops of dying and respawning (the more restrictive set pieces fights can be especially guilty of this) and guns just don't feel... 'right'. Combined it all keeps Homefront at the level of ‘basically okay’.7/10"
76561197975422154,Recommended,223100,25569191,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,doomblackdeath,"I avoided this game in the beginning after hearing so many terrible reviews due to optimization. However, after playing it over the free weekend, I immediately bought it. The game runs smooth as glass, the graphics and gameplay are both great, it's not a massive system hog, and the story is actually very good and quite long. It took about 30 hours to beat. The co-op play is a lot of fun as well and finally you can play a game with friends without having to be amped up on cocaine and Red Bull to have enough reflexes just to kill something.The story is quite a bit of a stretch, what with the US being beholden to North Korea for its technology and finances. Yes, you will need to suspend reality a bit to enjoy it, but it IS enjoyable. I have a sneaking suspicion that originally it was about China, but possibly due to real-world political and PR fallout they decided to substitute China for North Korea. This is just my opinion and speculation. Think of it more of an alternate reality than an actual cold war Red Dawn scenario, where there really was a credible fear of a Soviet attack.All in all, I give it an 8.5 out of 10. I would give it a 9, but I would have liked more weapons in the game. Yes, I do like the system of customization and cannabilizing weapons for parts to create new upgrades, but I would have liked to do that with different types of rifles and submachine guns, not just an AR-15 that turns into a SAW and a pistol that turns into some half♥♥♥♥♥SMG. Also, being unable to pick up enemies' weapons is pretty lame, although I guess it could be argued that they would all have electronic trigger locks for each individual. Finally, I would have liked to have more accessories, such as silencers for the sniper rifle. It's not a big deal, but it would've added more to the stealth aspect, which is lacking. But, then again, you're a resistance fighter, not a ninja.The obvious parallels to Far Cry are there, with the only real difference being there is no vehicle usage in the game. I actually kinda liked that, because it's not very realistic that the average resistance fighter would know how to drive a futuristic North Korean tank.Finally, I'm very excited that they're planning DLCs in the form of both Co-Op multiplayer maps and big single player maps as well. I will be keeping this game on my hard drive for a while, and I might just replay the single player again. It's a lot of fun and you would be missing out on a great experience if you don't buy this massively (at least now) underrated game. If you like FPS games but despise the spastic 11-year-old♥♥♥♥♥♥talking CoD scene, get this game.Is it worth the full price? Yes, in my opinion. Others may disagree but I think 50 bucks is fair for this game, especially since it runs so well now.Is it worth the sale price? Absolutely. It would be criminal to overlook it on sale."
,Recommended,223100,25611286,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,samhears,"While not perfect I still enjoyed it very much. I learned quickly that the game wasn't afriad to throw a few dozen enemies at you if you were sloppy. The pop in/out baddies added an almost roguelike quality to the combat even if it is a bug I kinda enjoyed it as it kept me on my toes.I was put off by the negative reviews even though I thought this would be my kind of game. The free to play weekend turned me onto the game and I bought it on sale. Big fan of S.T.A.L.K.E.R. series and Far Cry series and I enjoy having stealth options in otherwise action games. I also enjoyed that agencey was upon the player to use stealth or not, akin to Wolfenstien: a New Order's system.The story was dull. Luckily the cutscenes were just long enough for me to use the bathroom or get a drink. Seems like a waste of money and time to mocap these forgettable characters. Game ends rather abruptly, I didn't get bored of the gameplay so I felt like it could use a few more areas. I was hoping that there would be at least a sequence in one of the ""blimps"" probably my biggest dissappointment. Aside for any complaints, I overall had a blast playing.If you're a veteran s.t.a.l.k.e.r. or into the far cry games then you should play on hard setting for the most tension."
,Recommended,223100,25515351,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,PolyArmory,"The story is kinda simple, the gameplay isn't 100% new.But honestly this game is just really fun.There's so many different ways to play the co-op, pretty varied level variety, and just generally dependable entertainment."
76561198110956778,Recommended,223100,25672256,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,IM_WACK,I ran like miles from a kpa officer but he still found me....then I ran like three feet from him and hid in the dumpster. He and three other officers proceeded to drain their ammo into the trash can while looking at me DEAD in the eye. But then they left...10/10
,Recommended,223100,25432911,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Thutman,"massivly improved from the original release. Plays a lot like Far Cry 3 or STALKER, and offers a lot of challenge."
76561198317967177,Recommended,223100,31736699,Posted: 13 May,all,That_One_Guy_59,"Not a bad game, if you can catch it on sale pick it up, and give it a shot."
76561198053548350,Recommended,223100,25505480,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,TrundleWolf,Loving the game so far!!! It was really well done and a lot of fun to play! Looking great on the gtx 970
,Recommended,223100,27864197,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Don't make me laugh,"It's a good game! I'm surprised. It's reminds me ""dying light"", but homefront has a better graphics, better weapons, better enemys, better cutscenes and so on. I just dont know why the rating is so low. I think this game must have 80+ if not 90+."
76561198348791670,Recommended,223100,30416974,Posted: 9 March,all,Kroxigor23,"Nice graphics, playing ultra on 880k and Rx470 nitro+. The price is promo price is unbelivable....."
76561197973616173,Recommended,223100,30462069,Posted: 11 March,all,rosshaslett,"I am having great fun playing this game on single player and I really do not understand why it copped such bad reviews. There are some problems getting stuck in things in some of the early missions but that might just be me because i keep getting stuck in nearly every game i play at least once. Graphics are good, AI for enemy is above average, AI for friendlies is average, Love what they have done with the weapon crafting, lots of missions (little bit repetetive), some characters actually freak me out (yes Dana i am looking at you), cut scenes are good, Etc. Overall I would give this game a 7.5/ 10. This would be an 8 if they gave more time for flashpoint missions. A GOOD GAME or so says me."
76561198028392027,Not Recommended,223100,28769276,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Robzilla,Game breaking bugs galore
,Recommended,223100,34116288,Posted: 8 August,all,Goophoba,"Play the DLC, it's better than the main game. Show's what the devs could do with proper time. Worth playing the Main Story first just to understand the DLC better when played."
76561198007262863,Recommended,223100,28730037,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,escape goat,"With all of the negative press and steam reviews, I picked up this game after a lot of hesitation.  I kept waiting to find some gamebreaking bug or for the story to suck, but I was pleasantly surprised.  I really enjoyed this game, and I actually thought the story was great.  It definitely isn't perfect, but it's a hell of a lot better than some of the reviews would have you believe.If you are an ultra-PC SJW, this game will probably trigger you.  But if you want to take on the role of an American insurgent, fighting against foreign occupants, and go full-on 'Murica mode, then you need to play Homefront: The Revolution."
76561198159401546,Recommended,223100,27903340,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Dr. Angela Ziegler,"if u wanna do some exploring and doing some rebelion stuff this game is pretty good ,"
76561198021530526,Recommended,223100,30406079,Posted: 9 March,all,[-PAC-] Eladd,"Just picked this game up while on special. So far I am thoroughly enjoying it. It has elements of Crysis (weapon mods, but this game takes it further), Open world FPS similar to Farcry Series (same take, hold, discover), Run, set traps just like (Dead Island) Bit of Parkour like (Dying light). The scripted scenes are very well done. The details of the game is amazing. Yes there are the of graphics glitches. Yes soldiers are there interogating a civilian one second and gone the next without any intervention. Yes there are some building glitches where gaps in the buildings don't quite line up...BUT its still a fun game. Whether its 60 to 80 hours worth like Farcry, GTA, Mafia, Fallout. Only time will tell. I suspect the game has been refined and patched since initial release."
76561198209895819,Recommended,223100,31722394,Posted: 13 May,all,biohazardgang,"PERFORMANCE:My PC: i7-6700 3.40 GHz, GTX1060, 32GB RAM, Win 10 64bitI don't know how serious the performance issue was back at launch, but I haven't had any. I got around 30 fps on max settings, but when I dropped a few heavy parameters down to medium, the game ran fine at around 60 fps. There was no game-breaking bug or crash.GAMEPLAY:- Pretty much like other open-world shooters. Go to an area, kill everyone, blow up stuff, claim the area, then move on to the next one, rinse and repeat. Some might find it too repetitive, but I don't mind this formula.- Enemy AI is good. Guns feel powerful.- Great Art style.- Good with a 360 controller.Homefront: The Revolution is a good game.If you're looking for an exceptional shooter, you won't find it here, but if you just want a good shooter to play for a while, get it on sale. You won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,223100,28825289,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,GhostHawk196,"Homefront The Revolution is not as bad of a game as the reviews seem to suggest. It has some good stuff such as the weapon progression, customisation, decent combat and beautiful graphics. Its essentially a FarCry 3/4 rip but has its own unique features. The problem with it is all the good only lasts 2 hours, after that it is just a reprtitive game with no incentive to finish. Games like this need a strong narrative to incentivise players to finish it. I doubt I will continue with it but for the price I got it for ($17AUD) it was definately worth it."
,Recommended,223100,28814861,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,sbeeze,"Better then reviews give it credit for. Well worth the money especially at the sale price.Combat is good, friendly AI is iffy, graphics are decent, large open world, always something to do.Would have liked to have seen a skill tree and leveling but it all works well as is.Word of caution, you will need a decent GPU to get steady performance due to bad optimization.My 780Ti worked perfect with everything maxed 1080p, but others results have varied.Overall 8/10"
76561198038459843,Recommended,223100,28809072,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,SaltyCancerboy,"It's an OK game. Could be better. The dialogues don't feel genuine enough. All in all it's like a microwave meal, pretty alright but nothing special. 6/10"
,Recommended,223100,29314135,Posted: 17 January,all,Battle Buddhist,Better than the negative nancies say it is. Good graphics and runs well. Story is a bit forgetable.
,Recommended,223100,28114365,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,bloodwolf696,"i have played the original and this one was far better. honestly i love playing FPS games that have great storylines. this game is gritty, pretty brutal and all around fun to play. with how player driven the storyline gets, it has some replay ability value in it for future playthroughs."
,Recommended,223100,25613061,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,ELRAV,"i just learn about how to be a freedom country,its start from bottom, make an chaos situation, then boom, REVOLUTION !!!!!!"
76561198281460585,Recommended,223100,26611620,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Pankaj,This is my 1st review ever basicaly because these poor game has been beaten around the town badly... maybe whrn it launched it was bad had glitches but right now its simply smooth and flawless i played 20 hours without a single crash. Its from same studios that made dead island so story is intense n decent. This game has the best NPC i have ever seen they perform there roles perfectly. Plz play n judge urself dont go for old reviews. Graphics are devent no fall in frame rate
76561198093510461,Recommended,223100,31671058,Posted: 10 May,all,derekdew24,"Highly underrated game. Graphics and atmosphere are incredible, game is like a far cry 3 clone in terms of gameplay and ability progression. When it's on sale, I recommend it."
76561197970533201,Recommended,223100,28612682,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,mythmaker,This game really could have been great if maybe there had been more playtesting and tweaking of the controls? Riding a motorcycle is pointless as it's impossible to control. I also feel like my gun fire is all over the place. I also DESPISE checkpoint games. Why can't we just go back to the old Quicksave world where you get to keep every inch of progress you earn in a game? Grrrr. Still - the game is gorgeous and framerates high and smooth.... I'll keep playing it but I would change a few things about it if I could.
,Recommended,223100,28658398,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,CassetteTape,Runs perfectly fine and is pretty fun. Wouldn't pay full price but worth it for $12 that it was during Christmas Sale.
,Recommended,223100,28326638,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,memory_vague,"This game sat on my wishlist for a while. I had always wanted to try out the series, but I wasn't willing to pay full price. During the fall sale, I picked it up for about $13, which I think is a super fair price for this game. After playing it, I can safely say that it was worth that price. I still don't think I'd ever pay full price for it, but it's really not a bad game. The mechanics, like others have said, are a lot like Crysis, which makes sense since it was built in Cryengine. Add in the parkour elements and stealth action of Dying Light, and you generally have the mechanics of this game. The graphics are pretty good, and I find the gunplay fairly great as well. My only complaint is that the game can get stale quickly once you figure out you repeat the same things over and over. Overall, I enjoyed it."
76561198124528024,Recommended,223100,25482111,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Uncle Robert,"In my opinion this game is 7/10 maybe even 8 after they have patched the game completely.(not finished the game)Cons:-Some fps drops-Too much same missions-some bugs here and therePros:-long story-good gun play-many ways to finish missions-immersive openworldI would recommend this game to people that like farcry, Metro, Crysis and dying light."
76561198035708934,Recommended,223100,25456794,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,R3d_Rain,"Listen, I'm gonna be honest with you guys, this game ain't crap.  Here's what some people have said and here's what I think about it.""This game's too repetitive.""Shooter's are repetitive, numbnuts.  You point and shoot things, that's COD, Arma, Battlefield, Goldeneye, it's all of them. You should probably stop playing shooters.Yeah, a lot of the open world side quests might seem cut and paste, and some of them are but to me that's okay.  Each time you clear a stronghold or clear a strikepoint you gain part of the map, but it's enticing to see the map turn from red to blue.  And at that, most of the strikepoints are different, and you can decide to take different approaches to each of these objectives.  And the impression I got from other reviews was that I was going to have to incite rebellion in like 20 districts and it's this long and grindy process and the devs did this just for an ""open world"" concept.  That's nonsense, you do that 3 times, it's not that hard to, and I had a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of fun doing it.As a matter of fact guys, stealth does infact work. Stop sucking at the game, please.On another note, it's more andmore challenging as the game goes on to find the routes you need to take to get to the places you need to get to complete the objectives. And in a way it brings an adventure aspect tot he game, and some of the routes can get tricky with different things you need to set off to make a path connecting buildings or whatever.  So I guess people don't like thinking either. It get's too repetitive I guess.""The story sucks.""I mean, these guys didn't write Star Wars or anything.  Yeah, North Korea's not ever going to be in a position to exhibit this much control, nor have they ever been interested in ""humanitarian"" efforts.  But the story they set up creates an immersive and interesting environment to explore and fight in.  And at that, you actually feel like you're fighting a superior military force.  And still, the story is designed to question whether or not you should like the characters, and while sometimes it plays on cliches it's still original.""It's not really open world.""Really? What's all this freeroaming I'm doing?  There's like 4 or 5 sections that are almost a kilometer across that you freeroam in.  You don't know what you're talking about.And yeah, you can't go back and freeroam after you beat the story.  You couldn't in Super Mario Bros either to unlock the rest of the levels. Guess that's a♥♥♥♥♥♥game too.Whelp, I had fun beating this game for the first time. I'm gonna do it again, because I happen to like trying to find ways to survive when you're outnumbered and outgunned and that is the point. Death can be a bit problematic in this game.  Almost done cracking a stronghold? Got like 90 valuables in your pack you're gonna sell? Progress wiped, start again. Cover is important, because AI is lethal, and that's another thing.""The AI sucks.""AI sucks in every game. It sucked in Smash Melee, it sucked in Soul Calibur, it sucked in COD, it sucked in every strategy game ever, and it's always going to suck.To be honest, I thought the AI in this game was a bit better.  There were only two instances of me finding AI spawning on top of me and one was because I shot ym rifle in a safe zone and the other was cuz I was storming a stronghold and apparently there was a spawn point there.  As for actual movement and play of the AI, they do lethal damage and aren't to be underestimated. And when they have numbers, they will flank you, which is the smart thing to do. But you can trick large groups into trying to approach you up a staircase and you can just gun em down easy, but there's ways to gimp AI in every game, you just have to learn how and decide what you're gonna do with this knowledge.  Does the AI suck? No, it's AI, and it works like it's supposed to.  And again, don't underestimate them. You will die.Do me a favor, y'all stop bein ♥♥♥♥♥es, k? K thx.This game was pretty good, and as far as mechanics and environments go this is pretty much everything I wanted in a shooter. There's a lot of ways to take on the enemy, stealth, bring a gun, bring some resistance friends, bring a bike, throw some bombs, snipe em down, whatever.  Urban environments are always fun, especially for me.And uh, one last thing. Those myths of frame glitches or whatever the hip new kids are calling it these days, they exist in this game.  Now, two solutions. 1) Get a better system to run this on.  2) Turn the graphics down.  I had a good amount of frame hiccups, and I have to imagine that it was super buggy on release for people to say what they did about the game.  I still like the game though; it's unique in its ability to let me decide how I'm gonna shoot up my neighbor's house.But still, 11/10, would nuke my son and kill Boston (try the damn game)."
76561198036720067,Recommended,223100,30599127,Posted: 18 March,all,RowDogSA,"Due to the first Homefront being so bad, I didn't buy The Revolution when it came out. It was on special recently, so I thought I'd try it out.This game is highly underrated! It feels like a mix of Half-Life, Far Cry and Crysis. Three games I loved playing.Pros:+ The Revolution is an exceptional open world experience.+ The story was good enough. It was never dull or boring. You can also complete the campaign objectives in your own time.+ There are many challenges and objectives to keep you busy.+ The map is highly detailed and very accessible. You will be able to access most areas of the map. This includes being able to climb and jump over and through things.+ The maps offer some great platforming challenges to reach objectives.+ It took me 25 hours to liberate all areas of the map. This excludes the small stuff, like finding remaining radios. So, you get your money's worth. The story took 20 hours and it was an additional 5 hours to work my way back and complete objectives I missed along the way.+ Areas of the map differ in atmosphere and purpose, which keeps the game fresh.+ The AI is solid and a good challenge.+ A strong point is the game's weapons, attachments and customisations. A very well designed and accessible armoury made the game highly enjoyable.+ By the end of the game, I had unlocked everything and had all weapons and customisations available to me.+ The RC car fitted with various devices was a thoroughly satisfying way of completing challenges.Cons:- You cannot go prone.- Fitting a bipod on my sniper rifle, for stabilty improvement, and not actually being able to use it was disappointing e.g. crouching by a window and actually having a key to deploy it.- The sniper rifle does not have a suppressor attachment. It is loud and attracts AI.- At times, a group of AI in the distance (on the street) will just disappear. This becomes noticeable if you also enjoy sniping from cover at a distance. This won't happen when clearing AI from a base though.- The final part of the story (last few minutes) is on rails which really let the game down. It is almost as if they had rushed to complete the game.The small glitches are insignificant and don't negatively affect the experience at all.I really enjoyed playing this game and highly recommend it, even at the full price. I give it an 8/10.UPDATE: I initially played the game on the Hardened setting. I started a new game on the highest level of difficulty. After a few hours, the game feels the same and you shouldn't bother playing again if you are expecting a bigger challenge."
76561197970717042,Recommended,223100,29023731,Posted: 4 January,all,kardshark,"All of the bad reviews must be from early purchasers and/or North Koreans, because this game is really fun. I have over 800 games and this one has actually earned every cent I paid for it. If you enjoy a shooter with mild stealth, mild crafting, some mild ""puzzles""(finding hidden items/finishing some tasks), and and nice graphics, you will like this. Think FarCry but without animals...and you are shooting North Koreans.I don't review many of the games that I play, great or bad, but the reviews of this game seem so unfair that I had to voice my opinion."
76561197970507311,Recommended,223100,31645990,Posted: 9 May,all,He Who Giggles In Battle,"Is it anything new or ground-breaking? No. It is however a fairly well put together game, that is quite enjoyable and gives a large amount of freedom in how you play. Enjoy it for what it actually is, not what everyone else is ♥♥♥♥♥ing about it not being."
,Recommended,223100,31683399,Posted: 11 May,all,hihi1210,"Hidden gem at this low price.Great Cry engine graphics, great motion cap, great environment models and textures. And also great story added immersion.Only downside is the gameplay. Once you finished the intro, the game just becomes game of capture bases. It is easy to get bored. Really wasted the great map environment and story settings."
,Recommended,223100,30531830,Posted: 15 March,all,☢» MACHIN3 «☢,"I bought this game on sale for $9.99 - was worth that! This review is based off that price and the single player section only, I have not played the multiplayer yet and usually don't base my review on that unless it's a multiplayer only game.The game is not bad at all and the story, which they force you to watch, is not so bad either except the fact your forced to watch it. The only real drawback for me in the game is you can't skip a single scene no matter how short or long it is... That can be very anoying at times. I do not however like the ending too much and I won't say anything on how it ends except this:As it gets closer to the end it gets more unpredicable and It's very sad even though the main goal gets accomplished. Also, the ""open world"" they advertise is not a real open world as it's several small areas you have to travel between but rarely ever go from one to the other for a mission, you more like advance to a new area as you finish all the missions in another and never return to that area you finished (you can return to some but really no point). You can explore and interact with the world in each section as you can in other ""open world"" style games, just not as big when your restricted to each section as you progress and cuts down on the open world feeling.The graphics are great but the game even puts a strain on my 970GTX on max settings in some areas... I had a few drops below 20 FPS when in an open area with large gun fights going on. I don't have near that strain in other more graphic intense games it seems.Total time for me to finish the game on easy was 23 hours: this isn't too bad I guess but it could have used a bit more content and missions.Overall: The game was well worth the $9.99 I paid for it!"
76561198058700045,Recommended,223100,31088510,Posted: 11 April,all,Maine Coon,"I bought this game for $15 and its worth every penny. Its an average story but it makes you feel like your in the movie Red Dawn, which is badass. The graphics are great and the world feels great. The guns feel a little weird but its still fun."
,Recommended,223100,29121987,Posted: 8 January,all,Sawyerdk9,"Actually, a pretty fun game. Looks nice and runs well."
,Recommended,223100,25452807,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Spooks,A solid 6/10 game that's essentially a far cry clone but set in an urban environment. Recommended if you can find it on sale.
,Not Recommended,223100,29236637,Posted: 13 January,all,MountainManGuy,"This game has potential but its a shame that it's been ruined by poor A.I.Seriously, this game has some of the worst A.I. design I've ever seen in a game, and it is the SOLE REASON that I go from rating this game a 7.9 out of 10, to a 2 out of 10.The first 2-3 hours of the game start off pretty strong, and then the game throws the stupid A.I. at you.  Basically, it gets to the point where the A.I. starts to hunt you down after the alarm has been sounded, and they are supposed to ease up pursuit when you leave their line of sight.  THIS IS NOT TRUE!!!  They hunt you down like you have a gps chip on your back and they have the receiver.  I'm not kidding, you can run miles and miles from your original location and not be spotted by anybody, but they automatically know where you are.Not only that, but if you choose to shoot it out like I did, you'll quickly realize that there are INFINITE ENEMIES.  Yep, somehow, this enemy force has UNLIMITED troops at their disposal.  This is just awful, poor gameplay design.  The player is FORCED to play stealthy instead of giving the player the option to decide.  THIS IS NOT A STEALTH GAME so why force stealth on the player?  Don't get me wrong, stealth games are some of my favorite all time games, but I'm not playing homefront for stealth.  It's a first person shooter, let me shoot."
76561198039840636,Recommended,223100,25760294,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Dragon,"This game is very good, the campaign is long, the environment is fairly big, and the mechanics of this game is unique seeing it has a mix of Farcry freeroam yet not so open as such. However, they should continue to expand on that, and with the newest DLC that has just been released, im sad to say they fell very short. As it doesnt even add 20 minutes of gameplay at most. Hell. It could have been part of the main game to begin with, as it isnt DLC worthy.Yes this is a company that has been able to stand up to Ubisoft and go ""♥♥♥♥ you"". But with the latest DLC as an example. They arent going to get much further unless they step their game up. If they continue to go down the path of what was shown in the latest DLC. They wont be in business for much longer, because they will just end up becoming just like Ubisoft. Come on Developers, don't make the game look good so you can steal peoples money. Thats how you lose your business. Make the game entertaining, more specifically make DLC's that further enchances the reputation and the dynamics of the main game, expand it further. So that more people want to play it, and because its good quality, more people will soon get it, and that will earn you more consumers, where as just making it look good and coming out with a DLC that barely adds anything just to steal peoples money will only come back to haunt you, and in this industry, those consequences are to the fullest.Would I recommend this game. Yes. But, that is only for the main game content. Would I still recommend this game if they continue to come out with let down DLC's to grab peoples money. No. So step up your game devs, You are one of the few if not the only company to say ""♥♥♥♥ you Ubisoft"" and still be in business. Don't throw all that away."
,Recommended,223100,28705001,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Gosumania,"This game is pretty sickIn a nutshell, it's a truly decent title. It's demanding on PC, but I haven't had any serious performance issues. The soundtrack is good, the gameplay is solid, and the graphics are superb. I'm really not seeing the problem.I have this feeling that the game isn't to some people's tastes, which is okay, but in addition, some people are determined to hate the thing for whatever reason.It's a semi-open world urban FPS game. There is basically nothing competing with it currently. If you liked Crysis 2, and wished you could have done open world freedom fighter stuff in Crysis 2, this is a game for you.The shooting is a lot better than most games of its type, with non-hitscan weapons and chunky feeling guns. People who accuse the game of bad gunplay are simply wrong.I really like the weapon customization and animation 10/10"
76561198169997746,Not Recommended,223100,23224578,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,AndyRobbo,Okay to start with but then gets worse and worse and you have to do the same things over and over and over and over and over and over and over and over. You get meh?
76561198326726260,Recommended,223100,34374069,Posted: 20 August,all,Agent.Gallahad,"Review:I enjoyed the gameplay of the game . The game has some bugs , glicthes and a lack of polish . however non of it is game breaking. Overall i just enjoyed my time with this game . Gunplay was great and the graphics looks gorgeous ."
,Recommended,223100,28649669,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,ArcticZenith,"This game parallels Half-Life in how amazing it is, it truly is a revolution."
,Recommended,223100,28678707,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Wildheavenly,"Here are just some ideas i thought about the game while playing. its the first review i've written so many words!1. i bought this game on winter sale so the price doesnt matter so much to me.2. the game run well on my pc but abit laggy on co-op mode.3. the game itself could be quite repetitive as in looting bins, dead bodies and taking down enemy towers but the atmosphere was so well done. i died several times cuz it was very easy for soldiers to find and kill me but it felt very realistic. taking down the facilities on normal mode was extrmely hard but there is a sense of achievment, like, sky high.4. looting is something i do so that i could sell it for money but whats the difference between, for e.g., ""canned food"" and ""children's toy""? is something worth more than others?5. the lighting on characters was dark on darker characters....i have to turn on the torch to see their face clearly.,, and with the torch on, moving makes me feel dizzy.6.resistance mode/ co-op is separate from story mode and the missions are quite challenging on normal mode.7. the anime for customising guns look so so cool, but the options are still limited to 3 custimisations for each gun.8. the RC cars made me think of Watchdogs 2, but in this case they expode!"
76561198130271634,Recommended,223100,25645905,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Strife_Tenshi,"The game is great..though not the best.  Just beat the game last night b/c I decided to take off work to play Homefront.  Overall a lengthful game, but quite repetative.  It's fun raiding areas and doing strikes...for the first few times, but that gets really old and annoying.  Good things about the game are the upgradable guns.  They have gears that allow to enhance your character(Brady) to take more damage or reload faster. A note though.  This is not an rpg shooter, but I maybe or interested in these takes for fps games.  Having a standard shooter story is very boring and does not have quite the like for me.  Though this game is story focus and this game does not have PVP fights like battlefield or raindbow six.  This game is somewhat comparable to the metro games series.  The story is understandable.  U.S falling into debt to North Korea.  Now they are under their rules until the debt is payed off(surprised China didn't do that in reality).  I did run into some bugs like flickering walls or buildings.  Had some dumb AI's walking towards walls and sudden framedrops.  This only happended early and part of the way to the end.  Great game for one go, but there is no newgame+.  So no second journeys for me.  I'd recommend if you're willing to look past the bad comments and possibly wait for another sale.  Got it during the 23.99 sale."
,Recommended,223100,30386583,Posted: 7 March,all,chompmonster,"Pretty decent open-world stealth/action game - worth dropping $10 on for a few hours fun and distraction, but I wouldn't recommend it at full price."
,Recommended,223100,29454311,Posted: 23 January,all,Falling Creed,"GET ON SALE!!!!!7/10The game itself is like farcry, the gun play, the graphics, and the AI. Easy to get used to gun play, graphics look decent enough, nothing that really WOWS except at night gameplay (shading and extras like dust and rain), AI has simple design like farcry, easy to tell whos baddies and goodies. Not much difference in AI, all enemy classes are just clones but hey my 5.56 doesnt care it still mows them down.The missions are pretty liniar, do this do that, some random occuring ""flashpoint"" or w/e it is called, typical event, defend this, kill snipers. The game is just a simple shoot em up, with the nice interchangable weapon rigs and attactments which is an awesome idea.Not a long campaign, something I may come back to and try again. Havn't tried the co-op missions (resistance mode).All-n-all got the game for $10 sale, worth the spare change for a fps with a forgetable story. It's a Homefront game, shoot every none American in the area, move on, wash rinse repeat."
76561198035268131,Recommended,223100,29473415,Posted: 24 January,all,~.~FE~.~   Jared,"Fun single player game, just wish there were more maps and things to do in the multiplayer coop."
76561198060644661,Not Recommended,223100,25681996,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Crusader158,"Games is pretty fun, but as of right now it is worthless. I wan't to say im about 40-50% through the game and I am glitched to where I can't even progress to the next part of the mission. That's a big definite fail in book. Until this game is fixed, which I doubt it, I would pass and wait for a sale, but be forwarned of this glitch.The gameplay is ok and the story kind bores me. Just seems so random that both enemy and friendly coexist within the same blcok. It's like the DMZ, but in the US. Takes the realism away for me. Weapon modifications are different , but more fantasy. Voice acting is bad as well. I kind feel like I was starting to dreage through game at this point, but I would have at least liked to get my moneys worth before it crapped out."
,Not Recommended,223100,31399962,Posted: 27 April,all,☠WhiteBeard⚜BlackWolf☠,"This game could have and should have been better.But it has too many flaws, and it gets boring quick.It sure is better than the first one but it is still not enough, they failed miserably to bring something good.It's actually really bad.And that is why I'm giving it 3,5/10,If you love Far Cry, you may like this game, It's Far Cry but in Philadelphia, urban fighting instead of what Far Cry is.Exactly like Far Cry, it gets boring pretty quickly and let's be honest, Far Cry, despise not being a good series, is still way better than this.It has a lot ot flaws, glitches and random crashes, it is badly unoptimized, but nothing new, it is to be excepted from Deep Siler and most of nowadays developers and publishers.3.5/10 - Honestly, I don't suggest it, not even on sale, just don't get this game at all, try some demo or something else so you know what kind of crap to except from this game."
76561197969900193,Recommended,223100,31657673,Posted: 9 May,all,Maestro,"A lot of fun, doesn't require a high end computer, and the co-op is the icing on the cake."
,Recommended,223100,28814137,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,ins,"Decent shooter, even though mobs disappearing out of 'nothing' gets kinda ... annoying.Lots of ubistuff to do around the map.The game world is decently 'littered' to resemble a post-Trump US. And even though we call them Norks we all know the bad guys are really China.The hacking minigame really require a controller.Not really happy about having to download and fill my SSD with 8GB of spoken ""crap"" for language settings I would _never_ enable. That is around 13% of the total footprint of the game, so it is quite a lot."
,Not Recommended,223100,23252574,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Khaos Strife,Avoid at all costs (for now)This game is so broken right now it hardly runs and when it dose it runs like a steaming pile of crap.I reached out to the devs and the publisher and my requests have been met with silence.This is the first game in over 20 years I have asked for my money back on.And I have played some bad games but nothing like this.I cannot event comment on the story because of how broken the game is. I am hopeful however that in time they will fix these issues and this will be enjoyable. So for now I would avoid this until they fix it.I will update this if and when the fix this game.
,Recommended,223100,28592734,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,SajBear,"I've had fun so far, plesantly surprised! :)"
76561198012825154,Recommended,223100,30398360,Posted: 8 March,all,Joe†,Just got the game today and I have to say it was well worth it. There's a lot of reviews telling you how bad this game is and I admit it does feel a little choppy. If you like Far Cry 3 and 4 though you will most likely enjoy this game. Only played for 2 hours at the time of this review and I have to say I am loving it and when it's on a good sale it is definitely worth the money in my opinion.
76561197978371219,Recommended,223100,25759847,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,dencoenterprise,30 MIN OF PLAY TIME REALLY!!!!! Don't bother buying the Voice of Freedom DLC 5.99 is not worth it if you have to buy it. The main game is a blast though.
,Not Recommended,223100,31720649,Posted: 13 May,all,Cattail,"The North Koreans have teamed up with Apple and took over USA. It’s up to a resistance movement in Philadelphia to make America great again!Story is far from unique, but it has its moments. I was surprised how it kills some main characters and doesn’t shy away from the horrors of being oppressed. I could see how the oppressed and the oppressors both feel justified in their actions and I made some comparisons with the situations in real world. While the story was far from mind-blowing, the fact that it made me think about things a little is a credit to Homefront: Revolution. Unfortunately, everything gameplay related does its best to ruin the impact.Homefront: Revolution is open-world first person shooter. The world isn’t huge but it’s enough for what it needs to be. There are main missions and side activities which are revealed by capturing areas. There are some nice details though they start to repeat quickly. Shooting is ok and there are decent sneaking mechanics. Aside from guns, the player can throw molotovs, noise-makers and other home-made devices. As perhaps the biggest innovation, these can be strapped to R.C. cars and driven to enemy locations. It’s standard but with issues.One of the biggest is that the area around the player, inside which the game world is simulated is small. This has a lot of gameplay implications. First, you can never be sure that area behind you stays clear. Especially if you cause an alarm enemies just appear behind you and there isn’t much you can do to save yourself. Enemies also materialise in the player’s direct line of sight, a glitch rarely seen today. Everything respawns and de-spawns so close that for example it isn’t possible to cause a riot at the front gate of a stronghold and use that as a distraction to sneak in from the back because the situation has reset. There are invisible lines that cause instant alarm when crossed and other scripting related issues as well.Most obvious this was in the “yellow zones” which have civilian population. There are spots where KPA soldiers are arresting civilians or forcing them to work etc. The game hints that you can save the civilians by killing the enemy and get points for it. Before I understood this as a side activity I could not get further than 50 meters from my hideout, because as soon as saved one, another was in my vicinity and when I did that, the first one had respawned. The game did not even remove the corpse of the first killed soldier and the situation looked absurd. Sometimes friendlies spawn so close to objects that are on fire that they light up immediately. These spots are inside friendly bases and it’s quite comical to witness one person on fire and others not reacting to it in any way. One story related riot caused a barricade to fall which let me walk straight out of the game area and drop into white abyss. It’s incredible that these issues got past testing.Inside the area things are not much better either. The AI is poor. Some friendlies walk forever against objects without being able to go around them. The enemies don’t do any better and this is a huge issue. They follow the same paths which means that in a proper angle you can just wait and pop them as they come. They lose sight of the player easily and don’t coordinate at all. This has a dramatic impact on the atmosphere. I played the game with a controller, auto-aim disabled and on the hardest difficulty, so you’d think that I should have felt like I was facing impossible odds. Though there were tough spots I always felt like I was the one who was having the upper hand. it absolutely destroys the mood the world and story tries to set up.The world doesn’t react to the player’s actions in a meaningful way. Sure, liberating areas brings more resistance fighters to the streets and barricades and such appear, but the enemies just kind of let all of this happen. A green zone doesn’t turn into yellow zone; the number of enemies doesn’t increase and their gear doesn’t improve. They don’t switch from single person patrols to small units etc. Unless the story forces this, but in an open world game you can have 90% of the map liberated before you tackle a story mission and at that point the situation on the streets make no sense. It's implied that the player should feel quilty for the harm KPA does to civilians because of your actions but this is not reflected in the game world. Again, this has a big impact on the mood. Even with all their supreme technology the KPA just lets itself get humiliated.I could also sense a lot of wasted potential. The story forces the rebels to have home-made pre-modern weapons and I was hoping that this would make the arsenal interesting. There are incredible number of people making their own guns and posting their creations to the internet so the inspiration is available to the game developers. Instead, the game has one assault rifle, the bog-standard M4. One pistol, one machine gun, rocket launcher, crossbow, sniper etc. It’s mostly as basic as it gets, but the models have splashes of paint and scratches to make it seem as they are worn-out and guerrilla-ish.Technically things are not much better either. Homefront: Revolution is the first game my rig could not run at FullHD resolution. Even at lower resolution I could not get it to run well. Biggest issue is running which drops the framerate from 60 to around 40-45. No amount of tweaking seems to fix this issue. At 70Gb the game is huge to download (The information on the store page is false) so I had to install it on to a non-SSD drive, and my best guess is that this is a streaming related issue. On the other hand, I’ve had games like Crysis 2&3 (same engine) and GTA 5 (open world) on the same drive without such issues. All of which look and run better at higher resolution. The game isn't ugly, especially fire looks incredible but unless this is specific to my system, I’d say that Homefront: Revolution is in need of some optimization work.Most of the glitches could be fixed with small patches, like moving spawn locations etc. But even these small things are ones that I first heard about when the game was released. The Devs seem active and they have released a lot of DLC content etc. which made me think that the game was patched. I bought Homefront: Revolution during a recent sale and played it for the first time around the time this review is up. These basic issues, which normally won’t make it through beta testing, are still present a year after the release.It's clear that Homefront is mixture if ideas from other games. It runs on Cryengine and feels like Crysis games but a bit jankier. It takes open world elements from games like FarCry 3 but the illusion isn’t as good. The story is clearly inspired from games like Half-Life 2 and movies and literature but it doesn’t mix well with the gameplay. The sum of all those parts doesn’t elevate it above other games either. I wanted to like Homefront: Revolution and have nothing against the developers, but I see no reason to recommend this game.If patched, I’d elevate my recommendation to “Buy from sale, if you already played most of the AA titles”."
,Recommended,223100,23938403,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,kc,"Although the story line might seem a bit generic, this game does a really good job of making you feel involved and like you are actually taking part in a revolution. They do a great job of paying attention to small details such as doing side missions to raise the morale of people and cause them to revolt. The missions are fun with enough challenge. Haven't played the co-op but the single player campaign I would definitely recommend."
,Recommended,223100,30376200,Posted: 7 March,all,archangel2309,"I bought this on sale, I didn't want to get it before because of all the performance issues that people were having. Before this new patch that just came out yesterday, I was getting 40 to 60 and most times lower frame rates and stuttering issues using a mix of medium and high textures. The only way I could maintain a smooth 60 was to put everything on Low. After the update installed I tried playing and so far it has been smooth sailing with high settings. So far I have not yet noticed any stuttering for the hour that I played after the patch. I revisited the areas that I experienced stuttering and also tried just blowing things up and getting into shootouts. Its nice to know that after everything, the devs still will be releasing one more DLC and also made a patch for the game. So far so good and I have really enjoyed the game. Ill have to play more and see if the stuttering issues have been completely fixed. That's why I stopped playing before, but hopefully I wont have anymore problems. But id still recommend this game come sale time. I enjoyed it or at least tried to despite the performance issues I had.SpecsI7 920 3.2GhzXFX RX 470 4GB black edition12GB Ram"
76561198053266411,Not Recommended,223100,31308172,Posted: 22 April,all,Juffe,"tl;dr: Unfinished product. Cannot recommend to anyone.This game is infested with bugs and small annoyances, from motorbikes disappearing when you walk 20m away or sometimes right infront of you just when you need it and weapons reseting their modifications, to bigger bugs, like you shooting a burst with LMG to the enemys chest and the game doesn't even register them (happened frequently) or enemies seeing / shooting you through a wall, all the way to game breaking bugs and just crashes the game or you go through walls never to come back, besides using maybe fast travel.Indefinitely spawning enemies at certain locations.There is no manual save and the auto save feature isn't is shoddy at best, compared to most games.Soundtrack became repetite after 15 minutes and caught myself thinking ""Still these same blatant tracks?"" and the soundtrack itself isn't good or even decent.Still suffers console port issues, albeit minor, but still enought to fit into the annoyances-category.The AI, especially ally AI is most of the time so utterly disappointing, it's more fun to watch them run in circles and try to kill one enemy with 9 allies, than to shoot the enemy yourself.The good?Well, while the characters aren't really memoreable, the plot has it's moments. The weapon modification is a nice addition and when it does work perfectly, it brings so much into this game and some of the parkour-type climping is also thing I tend to like. The far cry-type outpost takeover missions is also something I like to do and the freedom to do it when you want.However, as much as a like the good parts of the game, I would only play this with most of the bugs squashed, not like this... Not like this."
,Not Recommended,223100,23123001,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,ArctycFox,"This game is an insult to Homefront. I tried not to listen to the talk about it being bad, but 6 hours in, I find myself whining outloud to myself as I play ""uugggh It's sooo ♥♥♥♥ing buggyy!!!!""Example... There's a part where you need to run to defend an area, and your rebel fighters are running down a corridor with you, at the end of a corridor is an open door to the next area. You can't run through the door because it's a loading point where you need to press E to load the next zone, but the NPCs are running through the door, pushing you out of the way so you can't get into the half-inch wide area to press E and you're stuck getting hipchecked over and over until eventually you button mash your way into the loading screen.On top of that, the mission structure is weird, it's like they thought ""What are some popular games?"" and tried to mix farcry with assassin's creed for the ""open world"" gameplay, the instructions are often unclear (to me at least) and I don't even know why I need 3 different currencies for things... It's just one of those games where some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ corporate♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥tells developers they need to have this popular feature and that feature and have it done by yesterday, I'm sure...The story's still... ok I guess. I mean I still wanna finish the game but I think it's only because I don't want to waste the time I've put in."
76561197967754353,Not Recommended,223100,23256180,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Taki Minase,The game died so ♥♥♥♥ing fast
76561198016003941,Recommended,223100,30389116,Posted: 8 March,all,jdgonzo82,"this game is good...don't be lazy and just listen to all the negative criticism out there, a lot of people jumped on the bandwagon and made out it was the worst game ever and it really, really isn't. there was a large update last year which repaired a lot, if not all, of the bugs.I've been playing shooters since Half Life and this really is a fun game. The environment is cool to run around and the different zones keep each area interesting.I put quite a few hours into this game to complete it so you do get your moneys worth.If you enjoy Fallout 3 and 4 as well as Half Life then you will enjoy this game...honestly :)JD"
76561198044460315,Recommended,223100,25805508,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,MrSmith,"This game has one big problem: It feels mediocre in many ways.There is nothing particulary bad about it, sure there are some bugs, mostly visual, sure the AI has some hiccups here and there and sure the story isn't super engaging but none of that makes the game bad, none of it really disturbes the flow of gameplay all that much.Yet the game doesn't really have anything great about it, nothing you are going to remember 2 years from now, no amazing stories to tell your buddies and thats what makes this game... well mediocre.Still it's worth a buy and thus i'm giving it a thumbs up. Surely not at full price but if you see this in a sale and want to have an entertaining open world FPS that borrows heavily from the Far Cry series then Homefront is certainly worth picking up."
76561198299466221,Not Recommended,223100,23492178,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,treemeister,"Definitely not worth 59.99. Pretty buggy for me, got stuck on a main mission that must have glitched out and now my story line cant even progress because of one little bug.....tried going back to recent checkpoints but that did nothing. I will admit though, sneaking around philly and taking out KPA and looting is pretty fun."
,Not Recommended,223100,23122785,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,skimbro,It's not challenging. It's too easy.  The mini map is too large.  Agree with others that the AI is poor.  And there's no story really.
,Recommended,223100,31640761,Posted: 8 May,all,Enlightened Rodent,"Is it a ground-breaking, fantastic game, with an original and polished feel? No.Is it pretty well done and a good way to kill a few hours? Heck yeah. Pick it up on sale, it's well worth $10.Don't bother with the DLC, though. It's not even worth the few extra dollars when the game is on sale."
76561198093336317,Not Recommended,223100,23174452,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Beanie596,Bad FPS Bad Stuttering Bad Configuration     dont buy this game unless the fix it
,Not Recommended,223100,23138899,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Sir Assassin st.,Wait for new patch
,Not Recommended,223100,23514706,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,KingSlayer94,"Homefront: The Revolution is completely garbage, why?- Low FPS- Glitches- Bad Story Line- Did not Design the game CompletelyDON'T BUY IT!My CPU Performance is Intel(R) Core(TM) i3-4160 CPU @ 3.60GHzMy Graphics Card is GeForce GTX 970"
76561198029929742,Not Recommended,223100,23479033,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,sirwerky,"Was and avid player of the first homefront, unfortunately this game does not live up to the hype that was created for it, and did not reach the potential of the story that its predecessor gave.  I would not recommend this game to anyone who is looking for an open world game as it is marketed it to."
,Not Recommended,223100,23478667,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,[ATS]Game-Blouses,"I have always loved movies like Red Dawn and games like World in Conflict and Freedom Fighter that use an invaded/occupied USA as a narrative backdrop. Homefront was decent enough for me to play all the way through a few times and dive into the multiplayer for a bit. I say all of this to emphasize how much I really wanted this game to be good.It just wasn't. I would only recommend buying this game for more than $20 when it goes on sale some time in the future.1) Technical Flaws: While some of these may be fixed in the future this game has serious technical flaws.  More than any other game I've bought recently.  This includes even alpha games. There were serious graphical errors and huge immersion breaking flaws in the AI and numerous scripted events fail in remarkably noticable ways.2) A flawed implementation of a Far Cry 3 Rip off: Numerous aspects of core-gameplay will be instantly recognizable as a direct rip off of Far Cry 3's approach to open world FPS.  Even the loot of bodies looks and functions in the same way. That in itself isn't a bad thing; I love FC3's style and Ubi's trying to milk that for all its worth with FC4 and FCPrimal. But the implementation of this style in this game could have been amazing but it just didn't quite cut it. The city sections were far more limited in scope and it didn't feel so much like an open world as a series of very repetitive events. FC3 can get bland after liberating your umpteenth radio tower but this game somehow made it even worse.3) Horrible Weapons System: It might sound cool to have one weapon that can switch on the fly into other weapons but in practice I found this was severely limiting and underwhelming.  Within a short time I had unlocked every weapon in the game and none of them were thrilling to use. This might seem nitpicky, but in an FPS your weapons are a huge part part of your experience and I didn't like how it was implemented at all. It was novel, but it wasn't good."
,Not Recommended,223100,23146913,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,cringelord67,"This is like those B-rated action movies that use recycled plots and use B-rated, forgotten actors to play in it.As they say, ""good ideas, poor execution."""
76561197961088909,Not Recommended,223100,23766873,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Intrepid,"So far this game is horrible.  It's not so much the plot or the AI or that, it's that the movement is HORRIBLE; the framerate sucks, and I'm @ patch 1.5 right now.  I've played w/ the video detail and the mouse sensitivity, but the movement is lose; it's terrbile.  It's like moving underwater.. which you can't have in a fire fight.  A good FPS has sharp, crisp movements (ie COD or BF4).  This is just... well.. bleh..Do NOT buy this game.  There is no amount of patching that's going to fix the CryEngine."
,Not Recommended,223100,30496414,Posted: 13 March,all,john,"I almost forgot how much I HATE this game until I realized another DLC was released which I get as part of the pass.  So I reloaded all 70GB and am immediately reminded of just how bad it is.  It took 4 complete restarts just to get past what should have been the first 3 minutes of the DLC. Bugs galore.  From NPC's refusing to talk to me and gates not opening thus preventing any progression it brought back all the glaring ineptness from anyone that was involved in this game. The folks at Deep Silver and Dambuster Studios should hang their heads in shame at the complete pile of junk that is Homefront: The Revolution.  Thank god (or whoever) for price glitches so I don't feel completely ripped off but  I wouldn't pay a penny for this.  I wouldn't gift it to a friend for fear of losing a friend. Sometimes you look at a game and think, well, this would have been OK in 2005 or 1995 but I can't think of a time in video game history where anything about it would have been acceptable."
,Not Recommended,223100,23108274,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,-Tex-,"First I Have a 980 Ti and a G-sync monitor.The game itself is fun, if you liked farcry 3 and 4 and I like that style however many dont. Instead of one sprawling world it's split into smaller zones that seems to work.However it really fails in the performance side, not only does it struggle to maintain 60 FPS it struggles to maintain ANY FPS. As in, in 5 min of gameplay I can get anywhere between 78-22 FPS it becomes completely unplayable when it is dropping to 20-30 FPS and theres no apparent reason it does it, and it happens for 5 min at a time.So to sum up if you like the farcry style this game might be for you, however dont buy it till theres a few major patches it needs to be cooked for a little longer."
,Not Recommended,223100,23255329,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Pet,"5/10 rinse and repeat shallow storyline, main character is like a ♥♥♥♥ing sheep...way too linear.."
,Not Recommended,223100,27827682,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,"Haki ""Grey-Röck"" Belegarssøn 👉🤛","It's Not Always Sunny In Philadelphia.Homefront: The Revolution screams lack of polish. The main character moves so slow and clunky, you ride a dirt bike straight through enemies like they are holograms because they don't react after getting hit, AI and NPC get stucked in various objects or just looping around corners, pathfinding for AI in general is absolute bonker. There's no such thing as scavenging in a ""hard time"" because loots are plentiful especially when you get ammo upgrade, but for some reasons, of all things you can craft, the most important piece of consumable - which is healing kit, isn't one of them?The game has some of the strangest designs I've ever seen in an FPS title. Just like standard open world shooter formula, you can go loud or you can stealth, but it seems like the game just can't decide which aspect to flesh out more instead of balancing them out. You can buy a silencer but you can't slap on anything aside from a pistol, the other silenced weapon is the pneumatic pistol which has abysmal damage drop off. You can buy some upgrades to help stealth more reliable like camouflage or silent footstep, but... why do we need these when there's no upgrade to increase the number of equipments, you know, the things that help us much more in and outside combat? The guns handle well, the customize system is neat, but some are definitely better than others, why would you switch to standard AR while you already have LMG already? Why would you use the marksman rifle when the battle rifle only need 1 more bullet to kill an enemy while it has more ammo?The activities are boring. You can destroy machineries, turn on propaganda radios, help random civilians like slitting a KPA soldier's throat, destroy their APC, giving beggars $10... for the ""big"" ones like transceivers reveal points of interest or safe house that brings Resistance soldiers to overwatch, the way you capture them are the same: Kill all KPA soldiers and interact with a radio. You might say capturing outposts in Far Cry games are the same, but here's one thing: outposts in Far Cry have more variety. In Homefront: The Revolution, when you capture these locations, you don't need to care about alarm (because if you get into a house then the enemies won't be able attack you), you don't need to scout the location (because they are not big enough to worth giving a damn about patrol's pattern), you can't do creative things like wingsuit into a compound or use a vehicle to ramp straight into it, instead you have to find entraces that are already placed around the compound by the dev. Even the factories in red zone have the same layout and the same number of enemies, unique locations are few and far between making it a chore to capture them all.The open world feels so contrived and limited, different sections are connected through tunnels and are divided into red and yellow zones. Red zones contain exclusively ruins, bombarded cities which left only ruins after ruins after ruins, and it doesn't make any ♥♥♥♥ing sense why KPA still has heavy patrol out there. It looks fine in the first hours, but then I quickly grew tired of repetitive destroyed streets and buildings. Lombard, a section which was previously nuked by the KPA and has turned into a S.T.A.L.K.E.R wonderland has the same treatment, and KPA even bothered to put rare weaponry into it.Yellow zones are more civilized, you can hide behind civilians to avoid detection but that isn't effective all the time. When the KPA is alarmed, thanks to horrible AI design, you can cheese out enemies by running around dark corners and find a dumbster to hide. If you get caught, just run away, the KPA isn't more aggressive the more you create destruction, their reinforcement is just some soldiers, sometimes heavy soldier, a Wolverine and heavy armored tank. If your objective is capturing a section on the map then don't worry, activate the radio and alarm will be clear immediately.Story is probably the worst offender of Homefront: The Revolution. You know some movies or B-games that you can watch or play them drunk and still have a giggle out of them? Homefront is not one of them. It takes itself so serious with the ""REVOLUTION!!!!"" theme that constantly shout into your ears until you put on your uncle Sam shirt and eat 2 hamburgers at the same time. There's a guy on the radio who keep saying good job to me when I stab a KPA soldier in the face or destroy random machine which make me want to reach through the radio and slap him until he call his mother's name. The story revolves around a silent protagonist who has PhD in errand jobs, a leader who talks obvious things, a tough♥♥♥♥♥woman who can't just shut up for 2 seconds about killing every KPA soldier and their kids, a doctor who speaks low Samuel L. Jackson's accent and kinda be there to balance out the acts of violence with peace. The story is about saving some guy you can't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about but apparently he's the ultimate terrorist so all we need is to get his♥♥♥♥♥out of the prison despite we only seeing him for like 3 or 4 times throughout the game, hell even who the main villian is isn't confirmed until 2/3 of the game. The theme of Homefront: The Revotion turns from guerrila warfare and oppressing the brutality, yet we don't interact with any civilian, we only create destruction for ""the greater good"", you ARE THE TERRORIST, and the revolution is lead by a bunch of childish kids with access to guns.Deep inside, I know there's a great foundation in Homefront: The Revolution. The gunplay is decent, graphics are top-notch, the atmosphere oozes style, yet its gameplay design is outdated for 2016 standard. It's probably the closest thing to a Far Cry clone with interesting world design, but as a whole package, Homefront: The Revolution is simply forgettable. It's not a revolution worth fighting for."
76561198073784033,Not Recommended,223100,23114621,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,RG | RaG3 RiiFLEz,"Please read if you want to know basicsFor starters i would just like to point out that i have 36 min in this game. When i started playing i put an alarm on my phone  for the next 1:30 min to make sure i still had the chance to refund which is 2hrs btw and 12 days (so if you want to refund do it while you can). The first problem i came across was the performance. The game was very jittery throughout. I played the game on low and still had issues. My pc specs is a gtx 760, 16gb ddr4 and a 5820k (bottleneck much) but my setup is for self-explanitory reasons. I was very impatient to get into the fighting and when i did, i felt like garbage. The overall movement such as mantling and aiming feels unfinished. Aiming is just dreadful and this was just the beginning of the game. The start of the game feels slow but gets increasingly better. The concepts and ideas are very innovative but it is ruined by the story and what you must accomplish. Gameplay is repetitive and i got bored and frustrated just so early into the game.The first homefront was a thrilling game with a very action-pact feel. In Homefront TR, i dont agree with the open world and would rather keep it as a point-to-point style gameplay still having freedom to explore. But since we cant change anything heres the verdict:I could see this game enjoyable but frankly no original multiplayer where you fight team vs team and poor optimization, if i was to play this game without spending almost $60, i would find myself discovering better titles that i would rather spend my time playing and not beat myself with the appalling gameflow.AND LEAVE THIS GAME TO THE NON-EXISTENTKAOS STUDIOS and THQ"
76561198144296983,Recommended,223100,24174190,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Lucas12243,"I Keep Seeing Reviews that say ""This is so Bad"" or ""Worst game I've ever Played"" So, in response to this, I think its time I Shed some light on how I feel about this Game.So, First off, Is it good? Well, it kinda depends if you dont really care about the story or stuff like that. It is Fun... But if you're looking for something like Destiny or Halo, you're in the wrong place my friend. The Story starts out great at first, but it fades off around mid-game. The gameplay itself is fun, its what you'd expect from any fps. The aiming is a little clunky, and the AI is somewhat stupid, but its enjoyable. Before patch 1.5, it was broken, not horribly, but it was broken. The only real downside now is how bad its optimizations are, but I'll cover why its like this soon.Secondly, the Multiplayer: It's Okay, there is no PvP (Sorry all of You Cod and Halo Fans, but this isn't for you!) This is a Bluntly stated PvE Experience. This doesn't mean its bad, the missions are enjoyable. There's Just a Lack of Multiplayer maps, But Dambuster studios said that they'd Make More maps for FREE (Everyones Favorite Word!)Thirdly, My opinion as to why this game was bad at first: This is most likely on combination of 2 reasons,ONE: This was rushed by the publishers, the Devs were probably going to take more time with this, but the publishers probably said, ""This needs to go out now, or we wont release it.""TWO: Inexperince with Making a Game like this. If you never knew what Dambuster Studios was before this, well... You're not alone. This Is Dambuster's  FIRST GAME. If you were in their shoes, and It was your first time making a game like this, It's obvious that you're going to have problems with your game, This Is also most likely why this game is badly optimized,they dont Quite Know what to do yet. Dambuster studios have made a great first impression with this game however, they obviously have some raw talent. This game was, and still is, Glitchy and Buggy, but Again, It's their FIRST TIME Doing something like this.(Give 'Em Some credit at least!)IN CONCLUSION/ TL;DR: This game is Wonky, but it's clearly not as bad as people say it is, its a solid 7/10, its release price was kinda High, but if you can find it on sale, Go for it.FINAL EDIT: I have waited a long tome before I started playing again, as the online was dead. Now, after a very, very long time. People are actually PLAYING ONLINE. Its as if history repeated itself, as I remember that the original homefront suffered a similar fate. This will be my last edit, as it seems no longer necessary to update my review due to almost all of the games performance and stability issues have been fixed."
76561198067261206,Recommended,223100,23569135,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Heilig,"I loved this game.  It took me 45 hours to finish, so I feel like I got my money's worth.  Those people who complained that they finished it in six hours just cheated themselves.  Played properly, it's quite enjoyable.  There were some minor bugs, but I had only one that was substantial and prevented me from completing a zone, but it didn't impact the storyline.  The game did have some stuttering issues, but they were fixed the first day.A lot of people are complaining that it's not Doom, but I don't think it was intended to be.  You can't just run in guns blazing and expect to survive.  I played it as a stealth game and had a blast.  It requires you to use your NPC comrades to create a squad.  They would pin down the enemies and I would run around behind and pick them off one at a time.Played the way it was intended, this game is a lot of fun."
76561198053553993,Not Recommended,223100,23061455,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,roguerunner,"Ignoring the♥♥♥♥♥♥poor story and repitition, I do like the mechanics surrounding armament and how nicely it compares to other shooters from the early 2000s.That being said, it's 2016, and maybe I was spoiled with amazing games in childhood but there is no where near enough content to be priced where it is, especially if they add paid dlc.Last point, it shouldn't be more fun to watch a trailer then play the actual game, especiallywith something in such dire need of polish and bug fixes.4/10, 3 for creativity and the tactical sense you need, 1 for ♥♥♥♥♥y hot nose ring lady marry me plox"
,Recommended,223100,30592953,Posted: 18 March,all,LowEndGamer_,"Apart from alot of Graphics and Physics bugs, so far the game is good.Will edit once i complete the story."
,Not Recommended,223100,30457795,Posted: 11 March,all,Thadrei,"I really wanna like this game, the concept and advertisements all introduced a game that will be fun to play but also interesting to experience. Problem is, the game truly does not match what the ads discuss, the advertisements all explain a realistic storyline which mirrors the book Red Dawn in some way only futuristic. What you get however is a questline that feels like you are just doing endless side quests for people. It is repetitive but so is any other open world game. The real problem was that you cannot connect to the storyline because of the lack of character developement, Dying Light has a better storyline and you don't even get to see the characters for 80% of the whole game. I don't wanna♥♥♥♥♥♥post this game because i still truly like the gameplay and the gunfights, but its just a lack of content from what I initially wanted to experience, I hyped myself up for a game where I could be a revolutionary and instead what I got was a game where the revolution has already happened and the others are just following the flock."
,Recommended,223100,30429320,Posted: 10 March,all,grar,"For 10€ it's an absolute steal , it has had it's share of patches and optimization patches. Right now it's the right time to buy it."
,Recommended,223100,30459196,Posted: 11 March,all,kavadias,"After finishing the game 1 year after it's release, with all the 3 DLC, here are my thoughts.ConsThe game is still unfinished. Even after a year of patches, there are small to mid sized bugs in missions, animations, objects placement, AI, scripting etc., basically everywhere. They are not a showstopper, but they are immersion breaking.The 3 DLC, account for at most a 2 hours each if you do everything.Not enough variance in enemies, tasks, quests.Bad save system, not saving frequently enough, or having a quick-save option makes you repeat sometimes big missions from the very beginning.Pros:Story DLC although short and linear are of high quality, higher than the main game, at least regarding their set-pieces, writing quests etc.On i7 6700k 4.5Ghz, Gigabyte GTX 970 G1, 32GB ram, and performance was good. On the highest settings available and with TAA on, I was averaging 55-60 fps (I limit them on 60 so the game was pretty smooth). On a couple of scenes with multiple sources of light I had some dips to 45-50 but that happened once or twice on the whole game.Fun gameplay actually, using gadgets, hit'n'run guerilla tactics and the Yellow and Red Zones with their different rules (one weapons free, one not) help break the repetitive formulae of open world games. But several bad design decisions, don't let that shine actually.Conclusion:Recommended only if you can get this in the area of $10-$15 with all story DLC. Not a bad game, just the fact that it feels so unfinished breaks the immersion a lot and it's kinda frustrating some times."
76561198021115940,Not Recommended,223100,30497491,Posted: 13 March,all,Oradul,"The game itself is good, but the amount of game breaking glitches is too high.it takes several checkpoint restarts and even restart the entire game, just to move on.there is a strike point that I could not capture because the doors won't open.NPCs that won't move out of the way and it is for a story mission.in a red zone I got into a constant airship state, though no airship was on me.And the stupid enemy spawn points are just ridiculous.why after so long since this game was released these bugs were not fixed?******* fix this."
,Recommended,223100,30567491,Posted: 17 March,all,r4kasha,I only bought this game because i was super curious abaout what next could be happen in Homefront Saga.. but it turns out this game is a reboot.. hehehe (didn't see it coming)But the thing is I do enjoy the game..highly recommend it upon SALE
,Recommended,223100,30540212,Posted: 16 March,all,ManGese,Good game
,Recommended,223100,30569593,Posted: 17 March,all,Dinomak,"Great game! amazing storyI bought the 12$ version when it was on sale with the expansion packs and that is really the way to go, the expansions close the story out very well and are extremely well written.I was scheptical about this game too, but after playing it; it has been a lot of fun, super addicting (if that is a pro for you), and well worth the 12$ lol"
,Recommended,223100,30576341,Posted: 17 March,all,Jacket,"Great game for $10. There is a a nice amout of content that will keep you busy.While the game does have some bugs, they are nothing game breaking. Just a few things that are a bit rough.Performance is great too. I can run the game on high on an RX 480 and experience few FPS drops.I've really enjoyed my time with the game; I'd give it a try!"
,Recommended,223100,30453765,Posted: 11 March,all,Jens Rex,"I don't understand how this game has such a low rating. I thoroughly enjoyed it. The story is good, even if some of the characters are a little annoying... that pacifist doctor especially. The ending was satisfying. More than can be said for Far Cry 3/4, which this game has been compared to. I will say that Homefront does tread the same path as recent Far Cry games, but I think it does so very well.Some criticisms though. The weapon modifications are interesting, but the interface is a bit tedious, and it takes time to do it, so you can't do it in combat. The LMG mods into a very cool grenade launcher, but due to the slowness of the interface, you can't just mod over to the grenade launcher when you get surprised by an armored car, so you rely on your regular explosives to take it out. This is unfortunate.I didn't encounter any major bugs while playing the campaign. Once I had an RC car explosive get stuck in terrain, and the mod interface gets glitchy at times, but these are minor things. No crashes. Ran it on medium graphics settings, 1920*1200 on an Nvidia 960, and had a mostly steady 60 FPS.Also worth mentioning: This game has the most satisfying sniper rifle ever. KABLAMMO! It'll take out heavy infantry in one hit. It's not silent though, so plan for that.Verdict: Buy."
76561198130097959,Recommended,223100,30569933,Posted: 17 March,all,Bald & Pervert,"One of the best game i've ever played, most of the negative reviews are because of fps drop, but i think they fixed it, i never have a single fps drop"
76561198124481423,Recommended,223100,30496542,Posted: 13 March,all,Fablo Freshcobar,So far enjoying this game. Didnt have any FPS or Lag issues or came across with any bug. I gotta say this game is actually really interesting and fun to play
76561198044709824,Recommended,223100,30481596,Posted: 12 March,all,Fluggle,Imma be real here. I wrote this review to help this game have a more positive rating but I'm too lazy to add detail so I'll just say I liked the game.
76561198371442697,Recommended,223100,30654185,Posted: 21 March,all,Mr_Milstead,"Pros: Beautiful city, action packed gameplayCons: Weak storyline, buggyI bought this game on sale and have throughly enjoyed my time playing it, I dont know if I'd could justify paying full price."
,Recommended,223100,30648562,Posted: 21 March,all,Dom™,"You can acctually tell they were trying to make this game good, but that's all there is to it.I will give them a tumbs up for effort, and mixed feeling, because that is exactly what you will get playing this game..Yes it has its flaws, but in the end its still an enjoyable game for 10 bucks."
,Recommended,223100,29190865,Posted: 11 January,all,electricdrip,"Great base game with a somewhat thoruough story. Amazing graphics and gave me many hours of fun.So base game at around a 8-9/10, got a little laggy at the end.Dlc- 2/10, DO NOT BUY, its around 15 min each, aftermath and voice of freedom. It was so short and didnt really add too much to the story."
76561198130238664,Recommended,223100,25490007,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,teh.FunKiller,"Whoa, not what I expected! Thank you for the free weekend. I would have never known how good this game is without this free trial weekend. I WILL purchase this game, I suggest you do to if you like Open World FPS games with loot drops!Open World Homefront game! Very cool!I haven't had any stability issues playing this game.I run this game on all max settings and I get close to my max 75 frame rate.What am I playing on?(My Computer Specs (up-to-date drivers)):--------------------------------------------.Windows 10.NVIDIA Geforce 980M.1080p Resolution.Intel i7.32 GB RAM.2TB SSD Hard Drive--------------------------------------------Buy this game!"
,Recommended,223100,25480853,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Flea,"I have been playing this game from the beginning, well before the patch's that Dambuster studio's has been putting out, don't believe me check my hours.Would I suggest people to play it, Damn right YES I would.The story is amazing and alot longer than I would have even expected, the gameplay is even better, come on who doesn't like setting up daisy chains and driving an RC car packed with either a molotov or C4 strapped onto it into a nicely set up murder zone.Yes it has co-op but this game isn't all about its co-op mode which can also be pretty nice, its about the single player game.If you want multiplayer go back to the biggest multiplayer map called ""The World"" in the award winning game called ""Your Real Life""To be honest, other than a couple instances of drop in frames per second I have yet to have any game breaking bugs.Not like the fun falling through the ground in Battlefield 4, dieing to invunerable npc's in The Division or the downright annoying crashing in Fallout 4.For all those scrubs who are about to ♥♥♥♥♥ I run an I7 Intel chip and a high end graphics card. I have yet to find a game which doesnt run at 60-80fps on ultra settings.I should further mention it is becoming common practice for alot of high end game production teams including bethesda and the notorious ubisoft for releasing games which should have spent more time in the bug testing phase than we actually got in return. Effectively producing games which should not even be available to purchase.Now how does it differ hear, firstly Dambuster studios is a much smaller company and more importantly they actually listened to all of the problems from both genuine gaming enthusiast's and the ♥♥♥♥♥ing from scrubs and managed to fix alot of the games problems.All I can say to all of those whiney idiots who need a fresh nappy and their dummy is, that the story is beautifully put together ok yes its a little cliche but let me say this clearly.ITS A DAMN GAME STFU.Also I will finish this with at least it isn't ""No Man's Fail""So while I wait for the first expansion and more importantly The Walking Dead Season 3 from Telltale games, time for some Witcher 3."
,Recommended,223100,25484769,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Traumatica,"This game is fine and fun. The misions are kinda repetetive yes, but that's like that with every Open World Game (nearly). The story is okay."
76561198020901655,Recommended,223100,30858252,Posted: 31 March,all,Beefeeter,"I do not write many reviews of games. But, this one deserved one. I bought the game March 2017 and took about 40 hours to play through it. People talk about bugs in the game, I have found zero !  The gamplay was great, the story was good. There were many ways to play the gmae , guns blazing, stealthy, or with remote control cars to blow up or flame the enemy. Or even take over control of their vehicles. All in all, there is no question I got my money's worth from this game and look foreward to more of it!"
76561197961420097,Not Recommended,223100,30425272,Posted: 10 March,all,SingingTree,"Homefront: The Revolution is a game that is dominated by crashes (for me). There are many promising aspects about the game, and when it works, it's pretty great, However, I have not been able to enjoy the game for more than 15 minutes without a crash/stall/hang. And to be frank, the crashes come typically within 5 minutes of play time.I've tweaked settings to try and mitigate the issues, read forums and tried their advice, updated drivers, but nothing really helps. It seems like there's a great game behind the technical issues, but I'm unable to enjoy it. I see reviews praising the game, and I'll keep it in in my library in the hope I can enjoy the same experience, but at this stage it's simply not viable given the constant crashes."
76561198074625094,Recommended,223100,28943553,Posted: 2 January,all,A Stoned Peasant,"This game might've had issues in the past, and like many i was put off by bad reviews. This was a game i wanted to play since it came out because i liked the concept and how they made their second game an open world one. I've played about six hours so far and i'm actually very satisfied. I haven't felt the ""need"" to come back to a single player game since skyrim. Aside from the ""lack"" of weapons you can actually buy and some questionable AI sometimes the game is solid. I guess you could compare it to far cry in some ways, since it's open and it let's you plan ahead but keep in mind that you'll mostly be fighting in urban areas. The tone and atmosphere of the game is pretty much what took me by surprise. Definitely worth it if you like the genre. Sometimes you gotta go past reviews to see the true potential of things for yourself."
76561197963229908,Recommended,223100,27941724,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,THE DEAL,Picked it up on a steam sale with all the dlc.  Not sure why this game got so much grief it's pretty fun.  The graphics and great and so is the gun play.  The story is the weakest part but it can easily be over looked cause the game is fun.  Think a far cry set in a run down city instead of a jungle.
,Recommended,223100,30776181,Posted: 27 March,all,AbdurrhmnY.M,goddammit.. the night and daylight are the same.. stealth? throw it away and thus pretty challenging
,Recommended,223100,30714946,Posted: 24 March,all,rnzr,coop fun with friends
,Recommended,223100,30657357,Posted: 21 March,all,SLASHER,"good game, solid over all. DO NOT BUY AT FULL PRICE GET IT ON SALE. some small problems here and there but I like it as a whole, great game for $10.00, pretty fun, good grapics, solid engine, dosen't crash or anything like that. as I said before it is a very soild game, fun and it has a good story."
76561197964862073,Recommended,223100,31025110,Posted: 8 April,all,EazyTargit,"I was in two minds about whether to give it a thumbs up or down. Thankfully I didn't buy it till it went budget on steam. They could have done so much with it but yet they decided to go with a flat and repetitive grind to the point that you stop caring about any of their issues.Anyhow, it's ok if you just need a change from other games to step back to get some perspective but then do go back to games that just get it right.... now let's load up Dying Light."
,Recommended,223100,29065518,Posted: 6 January,all,shkeptikal,"I bought this game in a sale with very little to no expectations at all. Never played the original and only remember hearing mostly negative comments around release. But I have to say...once you get the graphics dialed in for your machine (this was made in CryEngine, it's not optimized for potatos) it's a lot of fun. Surprisingly so. It is by no means a perfect FPS (some *coughmostcough* of the dialogue is overly cheesy, most of the characters are throwaways, the AI is not the smartest, etc.) but it's still a pretty fun romp thruough ruined Philly shooting up the dirty North Korean invaders.The gun customization mechanic is something that should be stolen by other FPS games imo. For me, finding cover and popping the receiver off of my weapon and attaching another to completely change my playstyle never gets old. This game (like so many others) suffered from being realeased too early, but from what I can tell the patching has done it a world of good. If you can get it cheap in a sale, it's a steal. Just manage your expectations going in and be prepared to fiddle with the graphics settings."
,Recommended,223100,28919297,Posted: 1 January,all,Fox,This game is what the first HomeFront game should have been. rich stroy telling. Nice open world maps. tons of fun. A must buy.
,Recommended,223100,29000785,Posted: 4 January,all,PCGaming247,"This game is great! I love it 38 hours to beat and I got almost everything and did almost everything. Now that is just story mode. The game looks great and the story is the big draw. I love it they better be making another one. Also I don't know why people are posting neg reviews? This game took a bunch of great things that worked in other games and put them all together and made some thing different and great. It feels like half life at times and then at times its like farcry with just a bit of assassins creed, and yet even with all that it totally feels and is a game not like anything else. An they even did it in the cryengen, just love it."
76561198006446341,Recommended,223100,29360252,Posted: 19 January,all,NSA,"Tragically underrated.While not a ""great"" game by any means, Homefront: The Revolution is a good single-player open-world shooter.  A solid 8/10.Two warnings:1.  The DLC are ok, but non-essential.  The prologue and epilogue campaigns are well-crafted yet relatively linear compared to the main game.  I would have been satified without them.  The other DLC are for the online co-op...2.  The online co-op community is dead.  Which is a shame, because what I played in a private group was a great co-op experience.  As much as I tried, I never found a public game."
,Recommended,223100,25862116,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Jabbawocky007,Definitely not the greatest first person shooter ever...but not the worst either.Relatively bland (6/10) but I'd still recommend it if it's on sale!
,Recommended,223100,28927295,Posted: 1 January,all,OGF-Peacemaker,"Looked good, had lots of fun fighting for the ""revolution""!.  There were a few small bugs, but nothing that ruined the game or story, overall a lot of fun.  I like how the game left a lot of it somewhat open, so you could do what you wanted, but still had a linear story line.  Good fun!  Thanks to the rough road the developers had to get this out, was worth it."
76561198008898901,Recommended,223100,29639255,Posted: 1 February,all,g digital,"I have felt this type of gameplay before.S.T.A.L.K.E.R, Far Cry 2, Red Faction Armegeddon...these are games that may have flaws but the gameplay is so superb.  It doesn't have that AAA mainstream appeal, instead it has an underground, I found a unique game gem, feel.If you have played and enjoyed any of the games above, then you also feel the pain when these types of games do not come out anymore. So I am glad I bought this title, extremely immersive especially when some of the HUD indicators are turned off.Also has extremely PC centric options, as a PC gamer you know what I mean, I feel no need to explain this, plus Crytech engine is still amazing to behold in action. Very talented developers worked on this, I am glad the patches came along game runs smooth as well."
76561198045384183,Recommended,223100,29411249,Posted: 21 January,all,Rubraum,"This game is not so bad.Graphics are ok, sound ok. The scavenge system, the dreaded atmosphere and destroyed enviroment reminded me of STALKER but that´s it. The missions are quite boring after 2 maps as it is the same thing over and over...conquer this...conquer that.The weapons are weird, the enemy AI is stupid. You can have a laugh or two with this game. And that´s it. It´s not worth full price. Grab it on a steam sale."
76561198006882147,Recommended,223100,31392284,Posted: 27 April,all,Sasqautch,"Loved this game got 15.9 hours out of the main game. Pretty under rated.I loved the first Homefront and always liked the idea of it and the whole theme and how they changed it up and made it come alive was great. Its not the most original jaw dropping concept but its fun and they did a good job changing up the series. I personaly enjoyed the story and like the psycho crazy girl a whole lot , she was good value. I apreciate the devs hard work and what they went through to make the game and the dev letter at the end was very touching.I hope to see a third game as you have the foundation for something great that you can expand on. Especialy since there are other cities in this universe that still have a strong KPA pressence."
76561198011093260,Recommended,223100,30538739,Posted: 16 March,all,WowSham,This game is not worth the full price but if you get it on sale like I did for $13 with all DLCs included it is worth the buy. There are still some bugs and glitches but nothing game breaking. If you like Far Cry then you will like this game.
76561198083481474,Recommended,223100,32484814,Posted: 16 June,all,TheFinal1,Very fun Co-Op game. I dont have any issues with graphics or the game crashing. Only downside is when the host looses internet connection it takes about 5 mins for the game to send you to the lobby.
76561198006185979,Recommended,223100,28823576,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,NERV,$15 for the game + dlc = worth it.
,Recommended,223100,28806185,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Nine,"If you can get past the bugs and performance issues, I picked it up for 9.99 and it was a pretty decent albeit repetitive experience."
,Recommended,223100,28797646,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Eclipse113,"Homefront: The Revolution is an open world first-person shooter video game and has some great aesthetic devices and a cool concept, however, the game felt repetitive, unpolished in my opinion. Also, I had some issues with it detecting my mechanical keyboard, which has RGB backlighting for some weird reason it kept on changing the color of it and I think the game engine didn't like the corsair software which was strange. I would recommend this game, however,  isn't worth the asking price of £29.99 which it was before the steam sales."
,Recommended,223100,33327853,Posted: 6 July,all,BloodyHect!c,"Who doesn't love to ride a motorbike across a warzone while being chased by a giant damn airship?This game is fantastic, Both the story and the Gameplay are action-packed and immersive. From half way through the game, you feel like you're about to finish, but it keeps coming. All the main characters are lovable and any deaths are shocking and upsetting to watch. I simply don't understand why people found it ""Boring"" and ""Storyless"". The graphics are brilliant * although graphics aren't all a game needs to be good * and it's very well optimized. I do get the fact that there are some quite bad glitches involving ragdoll physics and AI programming but they weren't bad enough to even get close to ruining the game for me.Overall I would say 8/10"
,Recommended,223100,33340246,Posted: 7 July,all,buttpiss,"waaaaay better than the original. like, light years beyond.it was smart to move to the open world type environment; i really enjoyed this much more than i expected. i got it on the summer sale and am happy that i did. i wouldn't pay full price for this game, but it is worth it on sale.graphics are very nice, AI is pretty good. you have to remember to recuit others when going on a mission; it helps tremendously.i will probably play this to completion, which is saying a lot since i have a few games to play through.check it out when it goes on sale. it won't disappoint like the last title did."
,Recommended,223100,32007338,Posted: 27 May,all,Rocketman Max,"TL;DR: Very fun, and graphics are amazing. I didn't encounter any big bugs. The story however is quite bad BUT the DLC resolves it, so make sure you play the DLC. It is a bit repetitive, but I didn't find it to be a problem. Customization is good enough for the guns, but sadly no one plays online. Definitely get it on a sale, it is very very fun!After finishing Homefront The Revolution, I couldn't help but feel a mixed opinion. While I strongly LOVE the overall theme of the game, I feel it is a bit of a wasted opportunity to show some truly amazing North Korean imagery and just overall... more! I'm not sure how to express myself, but the game felt bland as hell even though the theme of the North Koreans (""Norks"", as the game defines them) invading the United States is a relatively amazing concept.Let's start with the good. The graphics are very very good, to say the least. I've seen the performance and overall graphical quality on consoles and it is pure garbage by comparison to max settings on PC. It felt smooth, and it was very visually appealing. The shooting felt great, it was fast, gripping and satisfying. The weapons all have upgrades which actually make them much better, some weapons have high recoil but upgrading them reduces it. You can also press Shift to hold your breath while using any weapon. The game is of very decent length, clocking in at around 11 hours to finish the main story, (throughout the main story there are also secondary tasks you can complete for people in the environment, and some are pretty interesting but mostly it's just kill this or take a picture of that) and there are 3 other DLC story packs to keep you in for another 2 to 3 hours. The game has become amazingly cheap very quickly after its release, and I can gladly say it is worth it (on a sale). It showed me a very good time, even though the game was pretty repetitive. The game is also open world, and it is a great thing that it is open world, but I'm not really sure if it is worth it being open world when the game has such a cliché and dumb story (point of this is that they should have focused more on delivering a better story than this instead of another repetitive open world game). Most of the characters are very unlikable and they constantly yell at each other like morons. I sometimes felt good when some of the ""good guys"" died. Honestly the ending left me quite unsatisfied. While I don't want to spoil it, I just wish that wasn't IT. There is not much cool stuff about this game. I mean, imagine propaganda shows on TV in this game, Kim Jong Un (God, I wish he was here), anyway my point is, this game lacked any sort of creativity and just puts you in a Far Cry-esque world. Look at Wolfenstein 2: The New Colossus' ""German or ELSE!"" show. If things similar to that were in this game, boy oh boy would it be a hell of a ride. Honestly it's not bad, it's just very mediocre. You would have probably already played a game that is exactly the same as this game. It's fun, and the best thing about it is the background story of it, but even then it is a wasted potential.  8/10 for the amount of fun it gave me, but I really don't want to rate it more than a 7/10 for the main story mode. Which sucks cos I really enjoyed this game, from the start I knew I would love it and I did! However, the DLC does actually FINISH the story so definitely play those. With the DLC altogether I would give it an 8/10 overall, I loved the whole experience as a package.To conclude, a summary: Bad storytelling as a whole (unlikable characters, etc) BUT DLC somewhat fixes things; a bit repetitive (depends on how much or how often you play) but it's overall very fun and the graphics are great. Soundtrack is very decent and performance is alright. 8/10DLCs REVIEW: The DLCs definitely wrap the story up more and more and it makes me love the game more and more. The DLC story missions are better than any mission in the original story.The Voice of Freedom DLC review: It is a pretty decent DLC, it felt very tense to play through but the 9-O are not a well-developed gang and they're kinda just there. It gives some backstory on how Walker saved the main character, so that's the best part about it. Same great gameplay and fantastic graphics are still present here. If you don't own the expansion pass, or the Freedom Fighter (complete edition) of Homefront: The Revolution, there is little content here to be very keen on getting. The DLC can take a minimum of 30 minutes and a maximum of 1 hour, difficulty level changes length. It sure was fun, and tense, but there was quite little to it. I do wish they did the story from the book they released with the original Homefront game (the book was also called The Voice of Freedom). Not bad DLC, a bit short, but depending on how much it costs (if it is £1.50 or below), I'd say it's worth it if you loved the game. I personally loved the game, and this DLC was a good addition to the game. It is linear, no open world stuff, and I advise you to play this DLC before starting the main campaign to get some more insight on how and what happened.7/10 for this DLC.Second DLC, ""Aftermath"" review: This DLC concludes Walker's story and gives Ethan Brady (the main character) a voice. So those are already two great things about this DLC. If ONLY Brady had a voice throughout the original story, it would have been so much cooler instead of a dumb silent protagonist. Brady makes snarky comments on what is happening, and his voice actor did a good job. It just shows so much more emotion in this character. This DLC also made us bond a bit more with the characters than the original story did, which is quite ashameful since the original story kind of makes you hate some of the characters (in particular the female character, already forgot her name). At the end of the game I felt unsatisfied as hell, since I didn't even know what the hell happened to Walker, but I'm happy I bothered to play this DLC since it took away my dislike for the story to some extent. The whole chapter is action packed, but I don't think it's any longer than the first DLC, ""The Voice of Freedom"". Overall, it is a great DLC but I DEFINITELY wish it was part of the original story. Also, we don't really get to bond with Walker all that much, but meh, at least it's good. Maximum 1 hour long, minimum 30 mins long.8/10 for this DLC.Beyond the Walls DLC review: Beyond The Walls is the final DLC for Homefront: The Revolution, that once again leaves off in a sort-of cliffhanger where the allies haven't necessarily won and the ""battle just started"". There was mention of NATO throughout the DLC but there wasn't much in it. I feel like this is yet another wasted potential, since as there most likely won't ever be a Homefront 3, in this DLC maybe all of Europe could have liberated America from the ""Norks"" (KPA - Korean People's Army) but in this DLC you blow something up that leads to a huge advantage in the battle against the Norks. It finishes Ethan Brady's story, but I seriously hope there is one more Homefront game, in which we get to see all out war against the KPA. Overall this story takes place on a farm environment and it looks very beautiful. The action was good, and once again like in DLC 2, Ethan Brady has a voice which made the game so much less boring. This was also the lengthiest of the DLCs for Homefront: The Revolution clocking in at around 1 hour. It was great and it really enforces how much better the DLC is compared to the main story, and really makes me wish the game wasn't an open world game in the first place, since such better linear story-telling could have been shown. This ending truly concludes Homefront: The Revolution, I feel like the DLC should have been part of the main story to begin with, so I do think maybe the game was rushed to meet a deadline rather than to actually completely finish the main story. Anyway, great DLC, enjoyed it thoroughly.8/10 for this DLC."
,Recommended,223100,30459123,Posted: 11 March,all,-BMF-,I got this on sale and have gotten my moneys worth so far. The devs seem to have fixed the bugs and the game runs very well maxed out on my GTX980 and has some beautiful graphics. The story isnt the best but it hold the gameplay together well enough and I like that you can get other AI rebels to fight with you as you complete missions. On sale this game is worth it for sure.
76561198053510873,Recommended,223100,33651717,Posted: 19 July,all,dugbi,"When I bought this on sale I was a bit worried it was going to be a let down like the original. Im pleased to say that Dambuster have got it right. The story is solid and the game play is fast pasted and then slow, giving you the choice to go loud or go stealth. The custom weapons are unique and fun to change around. I must admit that there is alot in this game and it can be some times overwhelming. Unfortunatley the multiplayer is already dead but the single player is worth the price. My only grip was when I installed the DLC and since then the game has become very glitchy, random things happen but the most annoying is the way the soldiers now just appear behind you. If you set off a alarm you just get shot in the back by a shot gunner who wasnt there a second ago. I have sat on a over pass and just watched soldiers spawn from a wall over and over again. At least they should come from a door or vehicle. Since the DLC I have been continuesly shot from behind. So I suggest not installing the DLC until you have finished the main game. Apart from that Ive had a ball playing the game so far and would recommend it on special."
,Recommended,223100,30429692,Posted: 10 March,all,Aamta,I Really Thought The Game Sucked But Its Really A fun gamepros:amazing fpsai is goodbike is so goodactivities are goodcons:Bad OptimisationGtx 1060 is having difficulties to maintain at 60 fpsother than that gr8 game for 30$
76561198030588226,Recommended,223100,28943730,Posted: 2 January,all,Kriegg,"19h Incl Idle time to finish all SP.All the trouble the game Dev team ran into regrettebly did not improve the outcome,It's an average game at best with allot of repeats,It's been out for a while and thus i don't really feel the need to write a full on review.Did not try The restance mode.If its cheap enough its a decent buy just to mess about a bit."
,Recommended,223100,28229126,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,The Relik,"This game is really good for single player. I thoroughly enjoy the righteous Merica mentality of it all. The open world aspect can be off putting but i think it allows for great emergent game play moments, ex, i took over a small appartment rooftop in a controlled contested area of a high security section of the city, and i started sniping the N. Koreans and started this huge battle, running roof top to roof top, like 5 star level GTA type crazy response by the NorKs but it was awesome because the resistance was joining the battle, oppressed civilians started attacking the NK soldiers and the whole thing felt really organic. It's a fun game."
76561198038969735,Recommended,223100,29078380,Posted: 6 January,all,Sovereign,"Warning: Sorry for the VERY long review. TL:DR = It's way better then most people say, I recommendI was kinda looking forward to this game since I first saw it at E3 2014, it looked a lot better then the sh***y half-as**d CoD clone that was the first Homefront, but then it actually came out and it got critcally panned, even the more positive reviews were pretty ""meh"". I was disappointed but not really surprised ""what a shame"" I thought before moving on to other games, but during the winter sale I saw that it had gone down to 11 euro and I didn't really have anything else I wanted to get so i decided to get it just to see if it was bad as everyone said it was. 36 hours of gameplay later I sat back in my chair, thoroughly satisfied. Homefront the Revolution isn't an amazing game by any means but it is a solid enjoyable open world tactical shooter that Is one of the best surprises to round of a sh***y year.Now that I see it showing up on many worst games lists I feel like I owe this game a review even if it's only a steam user review that no one will probably even see.StoryThe game's narrative won't win any awards but it's interesting enough while your there, basically North Korea gets it's own version of Apple (Apex) who manufacture everything from smarphones and tablets to military drones and tanks and turn North Korea into a super power. America buys lots of this tech to help them in there various wars but the U.S can't keep it up and goes into economic collapse and the Korean People's Army (KPA) move in to restore order and collect on America's debt. But everything quickly goes bad and the KPA go from saviors to occupiers and you have to join the resistance in Philadelphia and fight back.The story has some interesting themes of what armed revolution means and when does it go too far and become strate up terrorism and I have to give them credit for not going with a black and white, good vs evil story, the most ""evil"" character in the game is one of your primary allies while the the two main villians are actually somewhat sympathetic. While the characters are fairly two-demensional they are well voice acted and aren't a chore to watch. The game's atmosphere on the other hand is excellent, it really nails the whole dystopian, totalitarian almost post apocalyptic vibe and it's definitely one of the games strongest points.The story has it's problems though, the player character really shouldn't have been a silent protaganist(he speaks in the dlc but that only makes it more annoying that he didn't talk in the first place) and the character of Ben Walker is pooly handled, he's suppoessed to be really important but he doesn't get enough screen time to make you care. In the end the actual narrative is fine while it's there but you'll probably forget it a week later, but the setting and atmosphere are superb and what really sticks with you.TechnicalThe main reason this game got panned is that it released in a buggy broken state with horrible performance and numerous gamebraking bugs on all platforms, while I can't speak for the consoles I can confirm that the PC version has been almost completely patched:-Framerate drops: gone-Gamebraking bugs; gone-Stalling everytime it autosaves: gone-Broken AI: gone (mostly)I can only speak for my own experiance of cource but I got a solid 60 FPS from my GTX 1060 while running on max settings 99.9% of the time. There are still some minor bugs but nothing that effects gameplay, things like a little bit of pop-in, minor clipping and the rare floating prop, I did have a single crash 3 hours in and there was this one scripted bit where all the sound apart from the dialogue cut out for about 3 minutes but that's as bad as it got.On top of this It's a very good looking game, excellent texture work, effects and lighting with pretty good sound design and music aswell. This really adds to the games atmosphere and immersion, the animations on npcs can look a little stiff at times but overall this is a gorgeus game with a great attention to detail.GameplayThe Game also got criticism for not really doing anything new and this mostly true and while this may hold it back from being great it doesn't stop it from being good, it takes elements from Far Cry, Crysis, Red Faction; Guerrilla and Metro among others. The open world is divided into three different types of zone (Red, Yellow and Green zones)Red zones are where you will spent most of your time, there are 4 Red zones and they're a lot larger then the Yellow zones. In the Red zones it's pretty much a warzone, KPA forces will shoot you on sight and they are constantly being patrolled buy large airships that will call in waves of troops if they spot you with their search beams. You can capture sections of the zone by taking over KPA bases and capturing ""strike points"", this will increase the Resistance presence while supressing the KPA. You can also further increase Resistance morale by doing little side things while you explore like turning on resistance radios, killing KPA snipers and ambushing and destroying armoured patrols. You can also drive around on motorbikes which is fun once you get the hang of it, though I wish you could shoot from the bike as it leaves you a bit exposed.Then there are the Yellow zones, of which there are 3 (not counting the prologue area), they're not as large as the Red zones but are a lot more built up with normal civilians going about their business. In these zones as long as you keep your weapon holstered and avoid getting too close to soldiers and drones you can basically walk around freely and there are special hiding spots such as dumpsters that can be used to shake your wanted level if you are detected. Many of the same rules from the Red zones still apply, you can capture strike points and bases to increase your control and raise morale buy doing various side things like saving civilians and prisoners, sabotaging KPA devices and assinating KPA officals. Unlike the Red zone however you can't get rid of the KPA by capturing sections of the zone, the only way to suppress them completely is by causing enough decent among the people to make them riot. On that note I really like the way the zones change due to your actions with npcs seen acting different and the enviroment changing around you.Lastly there are the Green zones of which there are 3 again. Green zone aren't proper opan zones but instead are heavily fortified locations that are very important to the KPA that simply serve as the locations for some of the games larger setpiece story missions.In terms of the actual shooting it actually feels a bit more like Metro then Far Cry in some ways, the player can't take much damage even on the Easy difficulty (I spent most of my time playing on the highest difficulty btw) but neither can the enemies, a well placed headshot can kill all the regular soldier varients, even the tougher enemies like heavy troopers and amoured cars can be taken down in a couple of battle rifle rounds if you aim for their weak points, the one exception to this rule is the heavy Goliath drone-tanks but these are quite rare compared to the other enemy types. thats not to say the game is easy, as I said you die very quickly as well and the enemies are aggressive and always have you outnumbered so the use of strategy is required, knowing when to stand and fight and when to get the hell outta there is important as are stealth, ambush and hit'n run tactics. This keeps the combat intense from end to end. Stealth is also ok, pretty much the same as Far Cry. Lastly there is also the weapon convertion kits that allow you to transform your guns into completely differant guns on the fly! The only big negative I have about the gameplay is the ai can still be dumb at times even after patches.Final Verdict: pretty good, recommended especially when on sale.Sorry for long♥♥♥♥♥review, thx for reading."
,Recommended,223100,29209851,Posted: 12 January,all,Hammercorps,"So, let's get this out of the way first: Homefront: The Revolution is not as bad as the Steam user score and many of the critic reviews said it was. Yes, it has its fair share of problems. Yes, the game was horrendously buggy on release. And yes, it's extremely derivative, and often feels like any one of open-world shooters that are so popular right now in the gaming space. Having said all that, the game isn't awful, and it's certainly playable, especially now 8 months after release, with most of the gamebreaking bugs patched out.So, let's start with the premise. Homefront: The Revolution is not a sequel to the 2011 game (though it started out as one,) but is instead a reboot of the series, with the same premise of an America occupied by North Korea, and you take on the role, again, of an American citizen, Ethan Brady, waging guerrilla war on the KPA. Surprisingly, the premise here somehow manages to be somehow worse than the first game. While the ideas that it explores are interesting (technology with backdoors, leading to powerlessness of the military when their equipment is turned off,) the idea that Silicon Valley could have started in North Korea in the 1970's is just laughably ridiculous, even by the premises most games expect you to suspend your disbelief for. If it had been another country than North Korea (China, for example, or even Russia, stale as that would have been,) then it would have actually been a very interesting idea. Needless to say, it just feels goofy.Once you get over the nonsensical set-up, the actual game's plot is pretty decent. It's certainly not going to win any awards, especially when compared to several AAA game plots that have been written recently, but it's definitely interesting/entertaining enough to keep you enthralled throughout its 20 or so hour runtime (depending on how many of the side activities you undertake.) It's a pretty simple story of resistance and guerrilla warfare, and it tries to put in a somewhat interesting debate about the morals of violent insurgency vs peaceful protesting, but this debate is really hampered by the fact that Brady is a silent protagonist. While the NPC characters are fun and likeable characters to be around, and are extremely charismatic and well-acted, Brady's silence means that the player has no ability to weigh in on the debate whatsoever, one of the main complaints I have with silent protagonists in games anyway, but it's accentuated here by their attempt to have some sort of moral argument. Overall, the story is decent, with a pretty satisfying ending that still allows for the possibility of a sequel.In terms of the gameplay, I'm happy to report that Homefront is the second game that I know of to successfully capture the feel of guerrilla warfare (the first being Red Faction: Guerrilla.) This game is hard, and you absolutely have to play it like a hit-and-run resistance fighter. The KPA soldiers have better weapons and armor than you, and will always have greater numbers. In addition, the armoured cars and drones patrolling the streets will kill you in a  matter of seconds if you don't have cover. The game uses a health kit system instead of regenerating health, which is a wonderful decision for forcing you to play it smart and not a run and gun like the first game, but it can be a bit frustrating at times if you're caught out in the open without any kind of health kits. Of course, you have options for fighting back as well, and while the two weapon limit can seem restrictive at first, the game includes a weapon customization system like the Crysis games, and it really shines here. For example, your basic pistol can transform into a silent pneumatic powered dart gun, or a rapid-fire SMG, while the assault rifle can also turn into a LMG or a grenade launcher. This means that even though you can't carry a full complement of weaponry, you always have multiple for how to engage the KPA soldiers in the streets. You also have the ability to craft items such as IEDs, Molotov Cocktails, and hacking items.The open world is split into a series of gameplay zones, each falling under the classification of Red or Yellow zones. Red zones are essentially bombed out war zones, with the KPA attacking on sight and being patrolled by the terrifying airships overhead. Here, it plays most like a typical shooter, with you capturing strike points to expand Resistance influence and stall the KPA temporarily. Yellow zones, on the other hand, are the more interesting of the two. This is where the majority of civilians live, and they're heavily guarded police zones that feel like something out of 1984. Here, you have to stay stealthy, and pulling a weapon in public view will bring hell down on you as you are attacked by tons of heavily armed KPA forces. To trigger revolution here, you have to commit acts such as sabotaging loudspeakers, killing KPA soldiers to free civilians, and capturing Strike Points here as well. even though the zones are fun, Homefront is still an incredibly derivative shooter, and whether or not you think this is a bad thing will depend on how sick you are of the model. Personally, I don't play too many open world games, so I enjoyed it, but by the end even I was feeling fatigued at the prospect of capturing more of the same kind of Strike Points and taking on jobs to earn money that are actually pretty annoying because they force you to either photograph enemies/items in the world, or kill a certain amount of enemies one set way. However, most of the activities are entirely optional, and you can skip most of them if you just want to rush through the story as fast as possible.As for the visuals, it's really a stunning looking game. While the first Homefront (which ran on Unreal Engine 3,) looked pretty awful, this one runs on Cryengine and is a gorgeous looking game. The zones all have their own distinct look and feel, which is nice. The sound is good as well, with the guns all sounding and feeling punchy, and the voice acting is top-notch. Unfortunately, the soundtrack is rather lackluster, with no particularly good tracks that you'll want to listen to after.Now, for the bugs. If you've held off on The Revolution for all the gamebreaking bugs that were present at launch, well, I'm happy to report that those are gone, with only mostly visual bugs remaining. I did encounter a couple bugs that prevented me from capturing Strike Points, but nothing that would stop me from completing the game.So, should you buy Homefront? It really depends on how sick you are with open-world games in general. If you've played the Far Cry games to death and want more, you'll definitely like it. If you hated those, there's nothing here that will change your mind. But I will say it's gotten far worse press than it deserves, because what you have here is a fun open-world shooter that gives you the feel of being a Resistance fighter, with a pretty good and inspirational story of standing up and fighting back."
76561198064186227,Recommended,223100,31792436,Posted: 16 May,all,R9-390xMasterrace,"Finished the game, heres my honest opinion.Graphics: 8/10,Overall the graphics are superb, a few bad textures but you dont really notice as your too busy shooting. nice scenery and great cutscenes.Sound: 6/10music is pretty meh, gets in the way of all the boomsticks. but not terribleStory: 7/10Your typical 'save the world' type story, good, efficient. I'm starting the rebellion etc etc.Gameplay: 7/10Glitchy vehicles, fiddly to use. player movement is great and fluid, gunplay is great, although you cant kill someone with a pistol to the face in one shot.AI: 5/10AI is dumb as heck, only prove a challenge if you like to yolo in with a shottie like arnold schwarzenegger terminator style.Overall a good game, keeps you interested enough to complete. small gun selection but i like the ability to swap and change parts on the fly. would be a good game for a sequal.is a good buy if you can get it for less than £20"
,Recommended,223100,31906298,Posted: 22 May,all,ZenGarage,Man what an underated game that has lots of people out there confused about it as apparently the first one was crap. Honestly blown away with the game. Love the world. Intuitive controls. Love the open buildings. Finished it because I had to. Loved it. Left me wanting more.
76561197972258172,Recommended,223100,31667909,Posted: 10 May,all,[Snizza] EyesofWrath,"Homefront: The Revolution is an ambitious FPS marred by its fraught development cycle. I was quite kind in a first-impressions review I did for this game, encouraging people to buy it for the insanely good sale price of £9, and whilst having played through and completed the game and its DLC ultimately leaves me with positive feelings on the whole, my recommendation is quite conditional.H:TR is a semi-open world FPS about a silly alternate history in which North Korea invades the USA. NK led the digital tech boom in the 70s and dominated the US market with their technology. In the present day the US economy is failing and the country is globally disliked after numerous Middle Eastern wars, and after defaulting on a debt to NK they are invaded. The world is apparently okay with this, as it is performed under the facade of humanitarian aid, but NK's methods of control and suppression are brutal, and you begin the game finding yourself part of a revolutionary uprising to take back Philadelphia.Your general goal is to liberate zones of KPA incursion, and you'll find yourself in one of two types of areas as the story progresses. Red zones are restricted to the public and the KPA will fire on sight, and can be cleared by conquering 'strike points' that free a small area of KPA troops and establish revolution forces. Your revolutionaries then dot the free zones, coming to your aid when you recruit them in an easy drop-in-drop-out system, and you feel powerful when you have a clutch of soldiers at your side, although once you figure out how to take a strike point out on your own, your fellow soldiers may become an afterthought. Once you’ve cleared the entire zone you move into a yellow zone - an inhabited area in which the KPA won’t shoot on sight, but set off an alarm and you’ll have to hide in order to escape their aggression. You’ll complete missions here whilst rallying the public behind you until they’re ready to revolt, after which you can begin liberating the zone as before. Attacking the strike points and freeing the zones is fun, but it is most of what you’ll be doing in the game. There’s a definite sense of repetition to the gameplay that may set in, however clever level design and nicely sculpted landscapes help to mitigate some of that feeling. The world appears meticulously designed, giving you a great freedom of movement and choice in tackling your objective.It’s worth mentioning that the combat is a lot of fun. The way the KPA are designed to attack on sight in the red zones (but you can escape by fleeing or eliminating all witnesses), and be on guard the yellow zones (but any kind of open aggression will trigger an alarm that will bring incessant enemy troops), allows for lots of hit-and-run guerrilla-style attacks, and oftentimes you will start a fight confident only to have something tiny and unexpected go wrong and you find yourself fleeing for your life. The flow of combat feels very dynamic, and it rarely feels like a way to change the situation up, and although the checkpoint save system can be, at times, extremely frustrating, it doesn’t hurt to know that if you screw up and die, you’re going to be inconvenienced in terms of your real time, which gives the pitched battles a sense of immediate stakes.However, when we talk about AI, or graphics, or story,  or any one of half a dozen topics, we come to a consistent theme permeating H:TR as a whole – a tug of war between elements that sell you and elements that expose the game as a daft and sometimes broken affair. The standalone base game is not something that I would recommend for full retail price as the much-documented AI problems and awkward silent protagonist are, sadly, the tip of the iceberg. There are many aspects of the game that are very buggy.It’s worth keeping in mind before you buy that H:TR’s development process was fraught. The IP was passed around numerous publishing companies and development studios before completion. It was a mess, and caused massive problems for the developers both practically and mentally, as noted by the touching thank you message at the end of the credits. However, this doesn’t change the fact that my experience was marred start-to-finish by constant and imposing graphical glitches, specifically one in which a portion of the screen would turn a certain colour, usually black, which would then creep to obscure my entire view. You may not have these same issues – I noticed that even though my frame rate was solid on High settings, it was very taxing on my GPU, and others with better rigs might not have such troubles - but it’s still worth noting that you may notice some glaring technical issues in playing.Had it been just the base game that I played (and I started writing this review before playing the DLC, after which I began a rewrite), I wouldn’t recommend H:TR without a massive discount simply for the pervasiveness of the technical problems I experienced. However, the DLC goes a long way to correcting the issues experienced and even redeeming the game. There are 3 DLC packs – Voice of the Revolution, a 1 hour long prologue in which you play as Walker (a somewhat central NPC in the main game) immediately before the events of the game; Aftermath, a couple of hours following the end of the main game in which you play as Ethan (now with a voice!) sent on a rescue mission; and Beyond The Walls, another couple of hours playing as Ethan, and the true finale of the game.Content-wise, the DLC rights some of the wrongs in the base game. Ethan is a likable character when he’s allowed a personality. There’s one jibe about how he was better liked when he kept his mouth shut, but I found it easy to connect with him and start caring for him, even in the mere 3-4 hours you spend getting to hear him. The narrative is much more directed in the DLC, and combined with Ethan being voiced means that the DLC hits its emotional marks a lot better. VOTR is really short and carries a ‘Metro’ vibe as you battle raiders in the subways, and in terms of overall worth is neither here nor there. It’s nice to take a spin in the boots of a rather central main-game character, but it’s really quite short. Aftermath is a decent bit of fun, although again amounting to little more than a single mission. Its greatest achievement is in going some way towards establishing an emotional connection to two of the main characters that was all but lacking up until this point. BTW is the best bit of DLC in my opinion, and takes you out of the city into the sparsely patrolled countryside. There’s a pitched battle towards the end that really feels tense, the stakes feel high, and the ending left me genuinely emotional. The technical problems still appeared in the DLC, but being shorter and more directed, I didn’t feel the content was hindered quite as much by them. Because they are more linear, they allow for a greater motivation in your actions and the pacing is tightly controlled. Were the main game itself a greater combination of these directed sections with the open-world sections, perhaps there would have been a better sense of drama and less of a feeling of repetition.After playing the DLC, my final opinion of H:TR as a whole changed wildly. Obviously, the developers had a hell of a time even getting it off the ground, and for all that is flawed about the main game, it can’t be said that it’s not highly ambitious in many important ways. But be aware that there are bugs, and while the bugs remain, I cannot recommend the main game alone for anything other than a heavy discount. Get it discounted with the DLC, however, (it cost me £9 all up in a great sale) and I’d call that a steal. I’d still not recommend it for the full price tag, but even if it were only £10 cheaper, I’d say that it’d still be worth it."
76561198036118634,Recommended,223100,29533092,Posted: 27 January,all,Jack,"Solid 8.5 out of 10 ! may be even better! Graphics, physics, MP PVE, and especially shock  and sharp start of an RPG shot ! Boom! ) Don't wait too much though )."
76561197971287839,Recommended,223100,30661967,Posted: 21 March,all,Soylent Crunch,"Great game! I read that it was a satisfying blend of Half-Life 2 and Far Cry 4 and I couldn't agree more.  I bought the game in March 2017 after all the patches were released and the game went on sale for 75% off. I spent 45 very satisfying hours finishing the solo campaign. I guess the lesson for developers, based on all the early negative reviews, continues to be ""don't release your game until it's ready and roll out patches early and often.""  I think if Deep Silver had done that they would have had a real winner on thier hands."
76561198011135914,Recommended,223100,30511105,Posted: 14 March,all,Johnday,"This game had a rough development and launch. But Dambuster Studios did something a vast majority of developers don't due when their game is broke/not fun. They continued supporting it. Have fixed a vast majority of the bugs, delievered even more story content for it and made it a actually fun and fresh shooter to play. Here is my review:GAMEPLAY:+ Satisfying shooter play, and Gun customization+ Multiple ways to approach each Strikepoint, use the enemy's equipment against them with hacks, make a suprise explosion, go in guns blazing, or go in with stealth.+ Fun puzzles to solve in a variety of ways.+ Recruit AI to fight with you+ Good progression pace in terms of getting new gear- Clunky Driving, felt like it was meant to be played on foot only.STORY:+ Story satisfies my desire for a game about American perserverence in a ficitional invasion of the United States- Wish it went more in depth to what was happening elsewhere in the U.S.+ Later DLC additions added voice acting for Player's Character Ethan Brady.- Doc Burnett's character doesn't fit into the story. He offers little significance and most of the time just comes off as annoying. People die in war, and he plays the pacifist like laying down and taking the abuse from the KPA is going to solve thing. But yet being a pacifist had already decided to help the resistance which fights and kills the KPA.+ Satisfyingly opened up the possibility to a sequel with the 'Beyond the Walls' DLCMULTIPLAYER:+ Is actually really fun, it presents a challange and encourages teamwork.+ Great customization for different types of roles with gear/weapon selection+ Progression seams at the right pace for using in game currency earned through missionsto buy everything you need.- Multiplayer can be sparse. I had times where I tried nearly all day to find a group, and other times where I fellinto a group and played a few rounds. This isn't a problem on Dambusters end however.RECOMMENDATION FOR DEVELPOR:***Should a sequel occur, and with the latest jump into new technology. I hope you guys will consider exploring an even larger part of the U.S. expanding on the story you guys have already built. And if in fact you do that, offer a bettervehicle system that is more polished and refined.***Also consider an procedural weapon generation system akin to Borderlands or the Division. A resistance with low resources will spawn a number of homemade weapons/modifications that could be fun to play with, given realistic restrictions placed on the procedural system.SCORE AND RECOMMENDATION FOR CONSUMER:*** The game in current state as of 3/14/2017 is easily worth a 75% or above overall quality rating. You cannot go wrong getting this game, especially when it goes on sale. However consider buying at full-price to show more support toward Dambuster as they'll get more out of their percentage cut of the sale."
,Recommended,223100,30717445,Posted: 24 March,all,The Crackadalion Death <3,"This game may have its share of bugs and problems that might make one angry, but playing through the full campaign and searching around makes it worth it. This game was probably one of the best FPS games I have played. The amount of weapons and customization, the story among characters and its effect on your emotions, and the immersion relly make this game shine.I would 100% recommend this game on discount, or the full game +DLC for around 30$, i think it is worth around that much because of some glitches that.Gameplay:9/10Replayability: 7/10Graphics: ( i play on a laptop so...) 8/10Awesome explosions and takedowns: pretty awesomeAmount of you needing to buy this: 10/10Good job Devs."
76561198191585654,Recommended,223100,31795179,Posted: 16 May,all,MrMelon,Review:This game was one of my faviorte games I have ever played. The campagin was flat out amazing with bumps in the road you had to take hours to move onto with the story and the characters feels like your best friends. And having the help of citizens guide you through the journey. Overall this was an amazing game and I say to anyone in the steam universe to buy it.
,Recommended,223100,32096767,Posted: 31 May,all,F L Z,"Just finished the full game and dlc. havent try the multiplayer yet.all i can say is, this game are underrated.well, the gameplay is prety repetitive, but playing this game with ""hard"" difficulty can be some challenge. The character building are not pretty good but the story on dlc are pretty awesome.buy the freedom fighter bundle on sale, trust me it will worth the price."
76561198079546470,Recommended,223100,30642045,Posted: 20 March,all,DarkerRiver,"I don't understand why this game has mixed reviews, I'm currently 10hrs of gameplay into homefront and I'm loving every moment of it, the gameplay is addictive, and the controls are very responsive, I 100% recommend buying this game"
,Recommended,223100,33417510,Posted: 9 July,all,JJACO,Great Gameplay Capturing Strongholds and being able to make a revolution in any area really makes it seem like your making an impact. Almost realistic graphics. Great open World Game-Play. Awesome storyline. Some DLC'S not worth it but Aome of them are. Great Game over-all.
,Recommended,223100,30761167,Posted: 26 March,all,The Filthy Swashbuckler,"I can see why people would give this game a bad review. Paying $40 for a game that is super repetitive and has very little story is insane, but for the reduced price I bought the game for it was worth it. The graphics are good and the game is fun to just play every once in awhile. Do not get this game for $40 but it's defintely a game to wait out and get if you like to just run around an open world and kill♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561197999756493,Recommended,223100,33358793,Posted: 7 July,all,Greven [TATAB],"I was pleasently surprised.  When the game first was released, I did not purchase it because of the negative reviews.  I recently bought it during a steam sale, and I must say I spent a good 12 hours straight playing this game (not crashing once, I add).The game for me runs very well (40-50 frames per second) with all settings on maximum and in 4k resolution.  Mind you I have a GTX 1070 overclocked to 2GHZ and a watercooled core i7 4790k overclocked to 4.7 GHZ, so be wary if your specs are lower.Now, don't get me wrong, it has it's flaws.  The primary annoyance is tanks and troops sometimes teleporting in, right in front of you; however, it happens so infrequently that when it does happen, it feels more like a sudden death match than anything else, and I have survived all such instances by running for cover.  Overall, the level of visual polish and the storyline and atmosphere overcome the downsides.  Seeing yellowzones slowly transform from somewhat peaceful concentration camps, to camps with rowdy civillians, to civillians in open rebellion, as you complete more hearts and minds objectives, is quite amazing.  It is a feeling of immersion I have yet to feel from an RPG, let alone a shooter.I feel somewhat ashamed now, having purchased this game on sale, when I have purchased other games at full price that have left me wanting.  If you are a fan of games like far cry and fallout, this is definitely a game you should try."
,Recommended,223100,33365681,Posted: 8 July,all,GPraz,"Homefront: The Revolution is basically just another Far Cry, but more straightforward and no omg-I-kill-people-and-that-is-wrong crap. The story takes place in Philadelphia, or Mosul, I don't know which.The gameplay is fun enough for me, especially the weapon customization and effect (I like the recoil). You might have read some mixed reviews about this game and those are mostly true.. Do NOT buy this game at full price.The NPCs, both enemy and friendly, are annoying. The airships only track the player, they completely ignore friendly NPCs. Until you escape the spotlight, enemies will keep coming and coming. Remember Lydia from TES Skyrim? There are plenty of her kind in this game. The kind that happily blocks your way. The stealth mechanism is poorly designed."
,Recommended,223100,30643069,Posted: 20 March,all,Magic,"I played the first homefront on Xbox 360 but never had the chance to pick up the second one.  So I decided hey this game is on sale and since I played the first one this will be as good. Out of the 9 hours I've played this game, it is very good. It has the Far Cry type of play style and I really enjoyed Far Cry 3,4 and primal on PS3 and PS4. I would Highly recommend this game who likes far cry games without the militia and pirates chasing you. 10/10 in my book."
,Recommended,223100,32709614,Posted: 23 June,all,yesdrama,"This game is way worth the $10.19 cost during summer sale. Open world, FPS…..defeat the enemy by securing area maps trough direct open street war and stealth guerilla tactics / sabotage-very different than HF1.  Only bugs I hit so far were getting stuck a couple of times, having to go back to last checkpoint to get the game going again. Runs smooth, consistent 60fps maxed out on 970, nice graphics, intuitive/responsive controls.  Pleasantly surprised, based on the mixed bag of reviews."
76561198065441934,Recommended,223100,33562995,Posted: 15 July,all,gast128,"While I disliked its predecessor, as a fan of open world fps I actually enjoyed this game for the most part. The graphics are good and it's nice that you can upgrade your gear and weapons. The game has some issues like a stupid story, no crosshair, checkpoint save and repetitive shallow missions. Even worse is that once you are detected in a yellow zone, whole Korea empties and is coming after you which mostly ends lethally. It also doesn't make any difference if you first kill off some soldiers: fresh copies will respawn everywhere to fill the gap. Still the game is quite enjoyable and by no means the worst fps ever. If it's on sale definitely recommended."
76561197985566577,Recommended,223100,30806448,Posted: 28 March,all,TheDonnieLama,"This game is awesome!!!  All the hate might have been deserved at launch, but now this game runs and looks great!  Is's a lot of fun in SP and Co-op.   I reluctantly bought it on sale for $10 under pressure of a ton of mixed and negative reviews.  But I'm glad i bought it.  It's one of the most fun games i've played in a long time.  Don't get me wrong...  It's still an FPS so you're not re-inventing the wheel here, but I can't stop playing it.8.89439/10"
76561198098152103,Recommended,223100,26059642,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Doc Skribduex,"Honestly, sometimes you just need a dumb shooter that's easy to pick up and put down. The mechanics are simular to Far Cry and the city setting is kinda cool.DON'T play this for the story.DO play this if you just want something to play that you don't need to get too invested in.Doesn't deserve any awards, but it's fun in the blowing off steam after work/school"
,Recommended,223100,27261457,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Asian,"Great game, with some interesting easter eggs. Enjoyed to play, I am one of the few people who go from new game to new game. Forgeting about the old. But when it comes to homefront nothing can replace the classic."
76561198049397690,Recommended,223100,27683875,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Benjamin[IL],"I really don't know why this game has so many negative reviews.At first I hesitated buying this game because of its bad reviews, but then it went on sale (13.56$) so I bought it.Now I'm 5 hours into the game and I am really enjoying this game.Although its fps are low, I have i7 6700k, 16GB ram and gtx 1080 and I'm getting 35-45 fps while all setting maxed out.I was expecting 60+ fps with my rig."
,Recommended,223100,27164958,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Vic502,"I really don't see why this game received all the hate it did.  Yes, it's not ground-breaking and was maybe a bit over-hyped before release, but overall, it's a solid, quality, polished, semi-open-world FPS, with passable story, great GFX, good sound and customisable guns.Recommended."
76561197971497690,Recommended,223100,27623860,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,fruss,"Only get this on sale...- Controls are really wonky: you walk around like a drunk guy, the aiming is off and changes sometimes without you doing anything (I jumped down a building without moving twice)... You will lose most of your bullets trying to aim correctly (not aiming gives you a higher succesrate)... Trying to center something to open with E often results in taking the viewpoint away from that spot and being unable to open it...- Like a lot of 'action'-games these days it starts off with several cinematics you can not scip followed by a 'walking' mission. The game only starts after 15 minutes.+ idea of the gameplay is ok, without the problems stated above, it would have been a great game."
76561198213467604,Recommended,223100,30606129,Posted: 18 March,all,ADUMB,"Sad, dead multiplayer but amazing story"
,Recommended,223100,30606127,Posted: 18 March,all,steww,"Game wasn't terrible. They seem to have fixed any game-breaking bugs. Though it's not original (very similar to farcry/crysis), it's pretty fun regardless.On my GTX 1070 with a 5 year old CPU, I get solid 60fps on high quality with the lowest filters. It's runs pretty well for me."
,Recommended,223100,31810229,Posted: 17 May,all,WIPE HYPE,"Would Recommend buying on a sale.Very very good graphics.In total, 8/10"
,Recommended,223100,30356666,Posted: 6 March,all,YukimuraヾSam,"The 3 DLC campaign/missions are sooo much better than the maingame.In my opinion, rush the mainstory and after that, enjoy the DLC's"
,Not Recommended,223100,30514567,Posted: 14 March,all,GrD« Combo Breaker,"It is an alright game, but the character development is pretty stagnant, just like the repetative missions. The weapon upgrades are pretty garbage and dont offer much variation really. I played a few missions and cleared a zone and already had all the weapon attachments available as well as the upgrades and various other items, a few more and i had half the gear and all the grenades upgrades, leaving well over half the game left with verry little to work for. Its an alright game if you want to pass time and kill some easy AI, but other than that its rather bland."
,Recommended,223100,33148509,Posted: 2 July,all,MrJenssen,"Buying this a year after release during the Steam summer sale - after all the patches fixing bugs and the performance - I have to say it's not a bad game.Still has its fair share of bugs (like when you remap a button to open a menu, the game still forces you to use the default button-map to exit from that menu), but nothing really game-breaking.Moreover, even with all the patches; the AI is pretty poor and enemies have hitscan-weapons (frustrating when playing on the highest difficulty), the story isn't much to write home about and the game as a whole feels a little undercooked.... But it's still undeniably fun at times. The gunplay is pretty decent, and it's addictive taking a few AI rebels with you to capture new districts. The game also looks really well and performs okay on my upper-midrange rig with a 1060 card.Easily worth picking up at a discount."
76561198031855834,Recommended,223100,31100751,Posted: 12 April,all,S+P Infinity,"Great game; I really enjoyed it. Honestly, I don't really understand the mixed reviews for this game. It can be a bit frustrating at times and it's not exactly easy, but if you want easy go play candy crush or something. It's not short like the first game. According to howlongtobeat it takes about 11 hours on average without messing with the extras and 18 hours with extras. It looks gorgeous; the Crytek Engine really shines on this one. I defintely recommend it."
76561198061692455,Recommended,223100,33602932,Posted: 17 July,all,slschuga,"The game is very fun, a sort of urban version of Far Cry. The weapons feel punchy and the swap system is fun to use, allowing you to carry a variety of weapons (though it isn't as in-depth as it could have been). EDIT: I have now encountered multiple glitches, mostly related to the weapon mod system. The main ones I've found were that the game would confuse what mods were attatched to what weapon, and one odd one in which my rifle looked like it had multiple scopes attatched simultaneously. Nothing that affected gameplay, though.My only problem with this game is the AI director. In order to optimize performance while also keeping combat fun, it will try to keep AI counts within specific boundaries. This means spawning additional enemies after you've killed some and deleting some NPCs if too many are present. The problem is that it does this horribly- if I kill a patrol, it will often spawn new enemies exactly where that patrol was (often while I'm reloading) and if extra allies appear while I'm fighting a stronghold, it will start deleting enemies from the stronghold. From what I can tell, this was deliberately designed and programmed (as in, not a glitch) and it is just being really stupid about how it does it.Again, the game is very good and worth a purchase on sale, but know that the AI Director (not the NPC AIs, they're actually very smart) is really stupid."
,Recommended,223100,28423448,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Random Pizza Guy,"Best graphics i have seen in a while, uses alot of ram and graphics but if your pc is storng enough i recomend"
,Recommended,223100,34228377,Posted: 13 August,all,jdwashere,I have not fully dove into this game yet. So far i like it. It doesn't seem bad as I've been told.
,Recommended,223100,28436615,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,ShXIII,"I hated the first Homefront more than any words can say. That game single handedly stopped me from ever pre-order games again and I have stuck to that rule since. It was complete garbage. I got Revolution for free from a friend who didn’t want it. I REFUSED to pay money for this after being burned from the first game but I can say that this is definitely a step in the right direction. It does have that low budget buggyness to It but the core gameplay is actually pretty fun. The level design was good (open areas now) in fact a few areas of the game are really good. Gunplay/sound was all good, only had one crash and the sound cut out on me once but a checkpoint reload fixed it. Input remapping was there but wonky, on screen prompts didn’t match rebinds and some actions you flat out could not change. This game did not need a silent protagonist, he really needed to be voiced over and his lack of interaction with other characters really took me out of the immersion. The free running/climbing system was a welcome feature as with all FPS now especially after the Dying Light handled it. Stealth mechanics could have used some more work. You could go stealth but it was not a fluid and fun as Deus Ex. They definitely need to expand on the rpg elements with gear/weapons upgrade. I got 16+ hours out of this game and I never thought I would say this about Homefront but give it a shot if your curious. It’s worth a play through."
,Recommended,223100,25838599,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,EugeneGinger,"Interesting setting, interesting storyline. I really like this game.Open world gives you a lot  of opportunities and challenges =)Just try it and you'll like it!"
76561198138902763,Recommended,223100,25835015,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,DiamondRad,The very definition of an underrated game.
,Recommended,223100,29568777,Posted: 29 January,all,Tyler,Good game just get it on sale though
,Recommended,223100,33238146,Posted: 4 July,all,Gucci with them snakes on it,"Yes the game was over hyped and was not the game it was advertise to be but all that aside, it's a great game, the weapon customization is a unique way to let players change their weapons on the fly and the gasme itself was solid, story was well driven with memorable characters. Overall a fun and solid game. but with many games there are flaws and this one is no exception, it has quite a handful but can be overlook, but the one problem i have is the answer to the missions in the story will not be answered just by buying the main game, You would need to buy the DLC (not all of em only a few) to finish the full story but if you dont want to spend that extra cash just spent 5 or 6 dollars on theBeyond The WallsDLC that is a must have."
,Recommended,223100,33249197,Posted: 4 July,all,HaiDere #duos4life,loved it.
76561197970545503,Recommended,223100,33254963,Posted: 4 July,all,CrYpT,Its a silly fun shoooter. It does have its issues and bugs but its cool like the first game was.
,Recommended,223100,30485821,Posted: 12 March,all,America Has A Problem #LasVegas,"""F***, I picked a bad time to get shot...""Homefront: The Revolutionis an incredible exercise in existential philosophy and what life would be like in a dystopian alternate-reality.Genre: Sandbox [FPS/Sci-Fi/Thriller/Dystopian]Graphics: 9/10Sound: 8/10Story: 9/10Gameplay: 10/10Stability: 10/10The Good:-- Fantastic visuals-- Responsive and optimized-- Immersion. The alternate, dystopian reality where North Korea becomes a technological powerhouse and supplants America as the World Police during the Space Race Era is fascinating.-- Philadelphia comes to life as it is laid to siege by the KPA (Korean People's Army) forces using APEX technology. The oppressed citizens always have something to say, and their behavior modifies accordingly based on changes you make to the area. It really is a nice touch, in that you have a growing sentiment of rebellion and revolution always accompanying your campaign progress. You really do feel like what you do for The Revolution is making an actual change, if only for a digital world.--Speaking of citizens having something to say, so do your enemies(who fluently speak Korean and scream out Korean explitives and battle commands when you're in the s**t). And your brothers(and sisters) in arms in The Revolution. The sound work and Foley studio work is incredible in Homefront--one becomes easily enveloped in the game's ambience and aural charm.--Soundtrack and music. I have a high regard for The Homefront's audio work(at least, a majority of it--explained below in The Bad). The mixture of 80s synth, haunting strings, and bass work is very reminiscent of Darkwave Electronica, but without the imposing nature of the more hardcore aspect of the genre. It's a very subconcious vibe that is incredibly mellow with just enough intensity (that piques at absolutely the right moments, ie. combat) to keep you in a savage yet sensible lull as you defend America from hostile intent(basically, it kicks♥♥♥♥♥to shoot stuff to).--Gameplay. There's a lot to do, but not in a Grand Theft Auto sense -- more in a Far Cry sense. You have main missions, some sub missions, and then a couple variations of collectibles. Finding these increases your influence throughout a district or zone, and increasing influence encourages citizen rebellions, uprisings and takeovers (but you'll be the main catalyst and also the main Rambo-style hero doing the taking over)--Gunwork and explosives are tangible and fun. Some shooters have the problem of their weapons not feeling like they're actually making an impact when the bullets hit; Homefront has no such issue. There's a lot of fun weaponry and upgrades to play with, and each one is not only significantly strong in its own unique way but they also FEEL like they're signifcantly strong when using them. In shooters, that feeling is important -- it's an aspect of game sense that I feel helps keep your skill in check. If you can't feel your shot, it's like coming without actually feeling the ♥♥♥♥♥♥.. it just ain't right.--Story is fast, intense, and decently written. Lots of ""why are we here?"" moments and reflections in a broader sense (hence the exercise in existentialism) married with an action-driven narrative makes for a memorable experience.The Bad:--The voice acting leaves something to be desired. This is the bad part of the sound that I was mentioning. The first few ingame cinematics are actually pretty good(like the Walker rescue scene during your torture), but as the story carries on we meet characters who just don't always deliver their lines or act convincingly enough. But it's not bad enough to detract from the overall experience.--Lots of sameness when it comes to gameplay, but if you are an avid shooter and like Far Cry/Bioshock style games than Homefront's sameness really shouldn't annoy you or assuage you from playing.--Needs more weapons. While Each weapon has 2 subweapons, I wish there were still more options, like swapping out the default loadout with a loadout of our choosing from a mored varied selection of guns (Being restricted to 4 main weapon types feels a little too God of Warsy for me, I prefer my sandboxes to be sandbox in every aspect, including armaments)I really can't think about much that I disliked about this game. I can't speak for it at launch, but I can speak for it now, and it's a hell of an experience. You'd do yourself a disservice but not grabbing it when it's on sale.Over and out."
,Recommended,223100,33500940,Posted: 13 July,all,GraphicX,"Started this with very low expectations due to the metascore but was pleasantly surprised !It's very much like FarCry, but with the amount of repetitious stuff reduced & exceptional graphics.The DLC actually added value to it & are very much worth playing.7/10 if picked up on sale with all extras."
76561198259967000,Recommended,223100,33548234,Posted: 14 July,all,Dova1011,"This game is a hell to run on the average PC but if you just look past that I find the story to be amazing this is including the 3 single player expansion DLC, I really like the zone control system and hearts and minds point of the game and lastly the wepon conversion feature is my favorite part, overall if you can get the game to run at a decent frame rate I highly suggest picking this game and the 3 single player DLC's up, DO NOT BUY FOR THE MUILTYPLAYER ALONE, it's a cool feature but not that interesting."
,Recommended,223100,33748979,Posted: 23 July,all,[SC] Black Shadow,not a bad game story is good the guns are fun i think it was wort my money its not anything special and few bugs here and there but other than  than a great game
76561198072955925,Recommended,223100,28686276,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Great^Sage.Joker*Blyat,"So... I know why people were alittle mad about the game as the AIs still were idiotic when in combat, you die way to fast, have a limited amount of weapons plus expansion mods of said weapons. But overall the graphics are awesome, I like shooters and being able to craft so that was a plus, and the storyline was well I havent finished yet but right now its good a little bland and also bull at the part I am on. But otherwise I would recommend this game very open world with different styles also I like the fact that the redzones arent has hard as the yellow zones"
,Recommended,223100,28686123,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,icecreammatt,This game feels like what I think an open world Half-Life 2 would be like with influences from FarCry and Crysis. At $12 this game is a great deal. Only complaint so far is the lack of a clear save system.
,Recommended,223100,26608554,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,sliphere011,"Gameplay is fun. Its an open world shot em up type of game. I feel like they could have done better with the main story though. Very repetative. Walk around, shoot KPA, blow up and sabatoge stuff. Fun and all but could have had more. Note, i have not played the addon mission which I have installed but im assuming more of the same gameplay. Overall, really different kind of first person shooter with the whole open world style map."
,Recommended,223100,28847942,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Psi The TaterThot | K2,great! for 20 bux would not pay 60 but the sale i got it on was awesome no one seems to play multi though
,Recommended,223100,28836005,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,bacon_ranger,"Okay I'm about 7 hours into this game and I can't understand where all the bad reviews come from. Is it a perfect game? No, it's not. But for $11.99 I really can't complain one bit.I'm playing the game on medium difficulty and it can still be very challenging. You must strike and move otherwise you will get shot up very fast.Every once in a while, I try to climb into a hole in the wall or window and the game won’t let me. This usually leads to death or wasting health packs. This is my only complaint. But it doesn't warrant the bad press this game has. Maybe earlier version were less stable? I can't really say, because I bought the game during the winter sale of 2016.Honestly if I bought this game earlier for around $30 I still would probably be happy with it. Go ahead and give it a try, it may surprise you."
76561198112623833,Recommended,223100,28857790,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,spshL,If you enjoy Farcry or any type of game like that then this game will be enjoyable to you.
76561198081505703,Recommended,223100,28852047,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,twinsenstwinsens,"the main game is great fun to play and there is plenty of a atmosphere in the occupied city where the game takes place. Plenty of exploring to be done, constantly avoiding the searchlights of the Blimps that loom overhead.the linear DLC's are in my opinion not worth playing if you really enjoy the open world part of this game."
76561198063155723,Recommended,223100,30517323,Posted: 14 March,all,bisal,10/10 worth every penny i paid on sale .
76561198298210224,Recommended,223100,28839760,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Venti The Ninja,"Despite this game having a terrible launch, it has turned out to be a great game. This game reminds me of far cry, and assassins creed. If you like those games, than this is for you, but if you dont, then dont bother picking it up."
76561198116764142,Recommended,223100,28833335,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,rfaison77,"I waited to purchase this game, because of all the bad reviews and bugs that were reported.  I have played for a few hours and I have to say that the game is keeping my interest.  No, it is not the most graphically stunning game I have ever seen, but it is certainly not deserving of all the trash talking that went on when it was first released.  Additionally, the gameplay is somewhat repetitious, but I like it.  It's simple, straight forward fun.  I am currently playing the game on easy; because I like a good story with some action mixed in.  So far, the game is meeting my expectations and is addicting.  I will raise the bar after my initial experience and report back.  Overall, a good, fun game that is great for some simplistic fun.UPDATE:  My first review was written after two hours of gameplay; as of today I have over thriteen hours and a better feel for the game.  First, I still recommend this game, because it is fun and the open world is very nicely done; the environmental aspect of this game is truly amazing.  Also, as a digital artist, I truly appreciate the amount of time, detail and effort that went into the character creation and game environment.  Third, this game is fun and draws you into the feel of what's going on in the story, and it's well written in my opinion.Now, for some of the bad points that could have made this game a lot better.  First, you give the player access to additional NPC teammates, but there is hardly a benefit to using them through most of the game and the AI is what, I would best describe as clunky; they get in your way at times and there is no way to issue commands to them remotely.  There is also no opportunity to load up into a vehicle and go assault a location or just ride with the NPC's and cause some general mayhem.  Next issue, is the character interactions with objects in the world; doors, hiding spots, picking up objects, etc.  I noticed, at times, that you have to be very precise, without the help of a reticle or sight reference point, when trying to open drawers; it seems minor, but it made me feel like the game wasn't thoroughly tested by anybody.  Also, at the tunnel transfer points, between major locations, you can actually walk out of or past the trigger point and have to walk back into it to get the game to load the next area.  Hiding spots are a cool idea when you are trying to get away form KPA soldiers, but would I really be poking my head out of the garbage container or holding the door open of the portopot; it makes the game seem less real.  I could rant on about some of the other minor game flaws, but I will save that for a time when one of the developers would like some honest feedback to use in the next iteration of this game or future games they develop.Overall, a good game with some minor issues that were probably due to some executive stiff wanting the game released before it was ready."
,Recommended,223100,28279883,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,drg8888,"This game is currently underrated.  That may not have been the case 6 months ago when steam/professionals reviews nominated it the biggest AAA poopstain of 2016.  Six months later, a lot of the technical/gamebreaking bugs are gone.  What's left is something of an urban Far Cry clone with a pretty outlandish story that delivers a few different gameplay elements in a pretty above-average way.  I spent about 50 hours playing it and I enjoyed myself.Setting:   North Korea won the Korean War, uniting the entire peninsula and creating the world's foremost technological superpower.  Years later, the US is depleted and heavily dependent on Korea.  The Koreans take advantage of this and essentially take over the US under the pretense of peacekeeping.  You are a newly recruited revolutionary in the Philadelphia branch of the resistance against the takeover.What you may like:-Above average artistic presentation.  Good textures with limited popping.  Dynamic day/night cycle.  Quality motion-captured animations.  The resistance fighters look cool.-Level design is top notch.  Lots of nooks and crannies for you to scavange and take potshots at the enemy form.  Very vertical with lots of parkour, with lots of open-ended methods of approach.  The different areas of the game vary enough to keep it fresh despite you doing basically the same thing.What you may not like:-Still quite buggy, although not game-breaking.  I was not able to complete some side jobs.  I fell through the world once. Some texture flickering.-The story is pretty ridiculous and the enemies are kinda goofy/comicbookish.  They look like some brokeass power rangers mixed with the guy from Speed Racer.  I'm pretty sure the designers went for this look on purpose, to create a B-Movie kind of atmosphere.-No matter how you pamper it with quality level design, capturing a tower is still capturing a tower.  This is basically like an urban far cry, so if you are tired of that, look elsewhere.Everything else:-Although the weapon modification system is interesting, the upgrades to the weapons are boring stat boosts-Even though the actors did a great job delivering it, the overall writing of the story is pretty cheesy.-The enemy AI itself is not bad.  Enemies flank, take cover, and attack in groups.However, sometimes enemies will appear/disappear right in front of your face.Conclusion:If you're itching for a quality urban far cry experience, this is for you.  The game doesn't stray too far from that formula. The level design is easily the best part of this game, and it kept it pretty fresh throughout.  It's still pretty buggy but the massive game-breaking bugs seem to be gone.  I quite enjoyed the different areas of its open world, and thought they were pretty varied, even moreso than many of its competitors."
,Recommended,223100,29576257,Posted: 29 January,all,Rabid Jawa,"Surprisingly good. Far Cry ripoff with some original elements, interesting characters, great main missions. lots of side content and a decent story (despite the silly premise).Performance was also fine and the game looked very nice."
76561197989922173,Recommended,223100,30412885,Posted: 9 March,all,raptorman-uk,"I think this game is great, i dont know what the moaners are on about, for 8 quid this is well worth the money, it plays well and is polished, the ai can be a bit slow to detect you but over all it is a good game."
76561197982933574,Recommended,223100,35406266,Posted: 1 October,all,Dion,"Read to the end. Things take a turn for the weird at the beginning.I played about 20 minutes of this game, and it was aaaalllllll cutscene, followed by a little walking, and more cutscene. And what happened in that cutscene? I saw two executions, got the childhood memories beaten out of me by my 'allies', ALMOST got tortured for information, with the assurance that my character would be dying faster or slower depending how much got spilled, and THEN FINALLY, the actual leader shows up. Now everything's supposed to be good? ♥♥♥♥ that. ♥♥♥♥ whatever mental handicap Dambuster thinks I have, ♥♥♥♥ the resistance in light of THAT kind of reception, with only a couple people being... mentally stable, and the rest reminding me of the junkie raiders from Fallout. Developers, did you actually think that would be endearing? Get me to like the characters or their goal? Perceive them as any less evil than the occupation? Go on the resistance leader's say-so for help, to find two guys that want to kill you on the spot, then the ""more sensible"" one says no, bring him to the psycho♥♥♥♥♥ with the torture fetish?I started actually playing the game after that, finally, and I gotta say... the actual game is actually halfway decent. Two hours of frantic run-and-gun later, and this review goes from a total panning, to admitting that the game really isn't that bad. I'm still hoping I see the eviscerated corpses of three specific people, but I'm... having fun.  The find-craft-use mechanic feels a bit farcry-ish, but it's believable and relatively enjoyable. The moddable gun thing? Kinda nifty.  Again, and I can't stress this enough, establishing the insane evil person at the beginning like Vaas only works when they're the enemy and not an ally, but there's a solid and relatively fluid first-person shooter here."
76561197972532582,Recommended,223100,31742895,Posted: 14 May,all,LordRIB,"Yeah I only took a chance on this game cause it was $11 and a friend had it and we've been hammering the Resistance mode pretty hard. Its so much better than expected, the weapon breakdown is a great function  (reminds me of Republic Commando)  allowing you to easily act as Anti vehicular and Anti Personnel. Theres plenty of equipment options... I was expecting a run and gun like KF2 but its a hell of alot more than that. My only complaint.... You can reach max rank in no time on a character. Honestly ...THIS is as close as you can get to playing TERRORIST HUNT mode in RB6:VEGAS (with the addition of objectives). The Co-op alone is worth twice what I paid.Of all the weak games that get scores of 6/10... this deserves at LEAST that. Im gonna say 7/10 myself. (This is purely a co op review. Damn fun."
,Recommended,223100,28930604,Posted: 1 January,all,Wick,"I can honestly say that this game was actually really good. I played this game much later than most so I didn't experience any performance issues solid 60 fps on high all the way through. Now to the gameplay the guns in this felt really good and I loved the way you could customize the guns from the weapon wheel. In the beginning I would die quickly as I would just run in without a plan and I was slaughtered almost immediately, I do reconmmend to plan ahead such as marking enemys with your camera like the Far Cry games. I really got into the story it felt like you really fighting for something rather than mindlessly killing enemys. The two story add-ons are about 40 mins long but a big single player expansion is set to come out in sometimes this spring.Great GameIts a freaking steal at this price \0/"
,Not Recommended,223100,26110075,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,MeBeEric,"I used to recommend this game until about two weeks ago when they gave us a 2GB ""patch"" taht ♥♥♥♥ed up the rendering of the world. That ""patch"" was just sjilling out their new DLC, so i guess you can see where the devs' priorites lay. Also there should be NO graphical issues (running GTX 1070 and i5 6600k)."
,Recommended,223100,27902700,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,wasptube1,"This game is great, yes it has bugs but graphically it looks good, you do only have access to 1 vehicle, but if you love explossions and big guns this game is great, the story is a bit slow and the game is pretty FarCry 4 esk, but if you buy this game, buy it with no expectations, a clean slate and you will enjoy this game."
76561198022029587,Recommended,223100,25605059,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,tolmheim,"Fantastic story, wonderful graphics and smooth gameplay ( GTX 980 OC`d ). I only have about 25 hours of gameplay but I can already tell this will be one great gaming experience. Give this one a go gents! Thumbs up from me!"
,Recommended,223100,25455986,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Wolfz3ro,"I was kinda homing they would continue with the original homefront, but this is more enough enjoyable enough in its sense, has a far cry ish feel, but its enjoyable to me."
76561197970055612,Recommended,223100,33194894,Posted: 3 July,all,CumFilledFrog,"This game is actually pretty f'ing sick. It really goes to show you how reactionary internet mob mentality can keep a good game from the limelight and from being played. Too bad. I really really enjoyed this game. Great narrative style, great pacing, great story, solid gunplay."
,Recommended,223100,33421575,Posted: 9 July,all,MacyJ Kabs,"This game was developed half way through by Crytek but was sold to Deep Silver as a way to escape bankruptcy.  This is clearly seen in the gameplay.  There are many ""Crysis"" aspects in this game, for example, weapon customization, open world type levels, and ledge grabs.  The main story for the game is slow and speeds up near the end.  The main characters are not too likeable until the DLC where they show their true colors.  It is pretty clear that Deep Silver bought the rights to the game thinking it was mostly complete when it still needed alot of progress.My main problem with the game is the AI.  Not because they are ""dumb"" but they have unexpected spawns.  When you clear out a building of enemy AI, and come back the the building 15 seconds later, all the enemies are respawned.  Sometimes, they AI spawn right infront or behind you.  There is no sense of saftey.  At certain points in the game, I would run past the AI just to activate a cutscene, knowing more AI will respawn no matter what.  This makes the sniper rifle pretty useless for most of the game.  This is only a problem of the MAIN story, NOT the DLC.I highly recommend buying the DLC for a true sense of ""ending"" to the Homefront universe.I give the main story a rating of 6.5/10, an average game.  The DLC gets 7.5/10 a enjoyable story but is unfortnetly short (about 1 hour each DLC).I bought the game for $15 including the DLC and I think I got my money's worth."
76561198312335698,Not Recommended,223100,32137814,Posted: 2 June,all,Capt. Levi,"Urban Far Cry. Yes. That's exactly what was expected from this game. But only one vehicle was provided. The only ""outposts"" were some random buildings with minimal amount of people protecting. The other side quests were just a drag. The story mission was appreciable. But it just didn't feel enough. Everything in this game from the shooting mechanism to its graphics felt unpolished. The concept of the game felt brilliant, but its execution was.. I must say immensely poor."
,Recommended,223100,32931939,Posted: 28 June,all,Neo,"I'll update this review after playing more...So far I have played the prologue and 2-3 main missions, early impressions of this game are really good. the visuals are fantastic cause its powered by cryengine. Haven't experienced any bugs or framedrops/lag the game stays on solid 60fps and drops to mid 50s when in heavy combat.Story is good so far, maybe it gets a bit dull later (From the reviews I read) The best part about the game though is the gameplay and the tactical shooter aspect, the recoil on guns and sounds are great.Also you can get injured very fast probably die after taking 2-3 bullets (hardest difficulty) and that gives a nice touch of realism in combat.And what do I say about weapons customisation!!! you can transform your M4A1 in to a grenade launcher!!! Really liking the game so far. I can go as far to say that the initial bugs were the only reason this game got down rated. In its current state the game runs decently without any bugs or lags and I would highly recommend it !!! Grab the freedom fighter bundle btw it comes with all DLC's only a couple of bucks more."
,Not Recommended,223100,27602829,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,DaGuT,"I remember how Homefront was advertised as coop story game. Finally, I bought the game aaaand... THERE IS NO STORY COOP. It has extremely sh**y resistance mode coop with absolutely independent missions. Moreover it is impossible to find any1 for coop missions. SO if you dont have a friend, never buy the game for coop!I'm dissapointed, sadly, cant return the game as I left it working in background for todays night :("
,Recommended,223100,31175023,Posted: 16 April,all,Glaxe,Not the best of all singleplayer game but for me it's an okay game to play when you buy it with 86% discount :3
,Recommended,223100,30282363,Posted: 2 March,all,MadReizka,"This game has been hated by many, and I dont understand why.Its basicly Far Cry 3 on a Urban Enviroment.It was pretty fun in my books, but im sure lot of purists lost their♥♥♥♥♥♥over this game.I've seen way way worse games than this released last year.So give it a try, its not that bad."
,Recommended,223100,31708664,Posted: 12 May,all,Lucky_BigDog,"Absolutely great game, love the open world, the guns the customization, even though the guns and customizing was small it was still great, the bots were probably the only thing that was buggy or weird for me, everything else was rather good, and i got this game on sale for 10$ which made me feel like i was scamming, considering how much i enjoyed it, what i think needs improvement is the amount of customizations, there should be way way way more, for example the guns there were about 10 guns in total, if there were lets say 100 that would've helped and made this game amazing, which i know is a ridiculous number but, it gives you more to appreciate and things to do or try, i also think there should've been character customization, hopefully next game that will be there, coop, from what i tried with my friend it wasn't that fun, it was like every generic ♥♥♥♥♥♥ coop mode where you just pick missions, which is suprising considering that this game is supported or made with the creators of saints row, singleplayer was great, next time just make coop singleplayer, alot of the bad reviews about ""bugs"" are mainly from the bots, these are the worst bots that i've probably seen but it didn't bother my playthrough, i really enjoyed this game, so let's go over what needs to be fixed or added in my opinion next time.Ideas, suggestions, etc.Better bots.Character customization.A crap ton of guns.more things to drive.more objectives and singleplayer coop.and maybe more combat related things to do, and maybe a good destruction system (as in able to destroy buildings, etc.)Overall review 7/10ignore what people have to say about this game, and just enjoy it instead of focusing on the little things."
76561198226844856,Not Recommended,223100,30657997,Posted: 21 March,all,Stiffbanana,"I really want to like this game, I really do, but this game is way to flawed to be a good experience. I used to love the first homefront game, the setting was refreshing and though the quality wasn't optimal I really liked it. WIth the same mindset I bought this game for 10 Euros, I mean at that price range what could go wrong be that bad that it's not worth paying 10 euros for?Well, almost everything. With emphasis on almost; because the same atmosphere was, the are graphics top notch, and I experienced little to none technical isseus which was a plague at the launch of the game. Despite me being a graphics-♥♥♥♥♥, I quickly felt dissapointed by the gameplay. That is, by all means, horrible. And this comes from a guy that loves no mans sky (look it up on my profile).The AI is one of the worst I've ever encountered in a fps, enemies just run around, get out of cover when shot upon, already lost me when I got around a corner, and when the enemies lock their guns on me, they barely pose any challenge. Thereby the missions feel repeated, most consisting of get that, go there, kill that, those kind of things. And where the first game shined in it's story, this game feels like it doesn't even got a story at all.I feel stupid that beside the negative reviews Homerfront the Revolution got, I still bought this game. Note that I haven't played the multiplayer yet, that isn't my cup of tea, but maby you could enjoy it."
,Not Recommended,223100,26115985,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Mathias Giovanni,"Enemies disappear sometimes simply be spinning around.  Almost always if trying to get a different vantage point APC, troops will disappear.  This makes it hard to predict anything and annoying.Kind of has a feel between Far Cry and Assasins Creed but needs work."
,Recommended,223100,33910491,Posted: 30 July,all,Durnehviir,"Imo a really nice game if you like kicking♥♥♥♥♥or be a ninja, game offers both.A nice story with some betrayals or things you didn't saw coming. It takes about 12 hours to finish the game, so it's a bit short for me personally (I'm used to stories that take over 20 hours). nevertheless, strong story.As with every game there are the Pros. and Cons.Pros.great variation in the weapons, love the customisationsdifferent areas with increasing difficultiesoutposts to capture via parcourcreating a bond with the main characters of the gameCons.there are some world glitchesavoiding detection is stupidly difficultescaping heat is annoying as hell as they know exactly where you are as long as you're not far away enough (easely 200m)Overal the game gave me more than I expected, which I like.recommended if you like open world survival, crafting and being a badass once you have the LMG.8/10"
76561198138204685,Recommended,223100,29147052,Posted: 9 January,all,Stannis the Mannis,"Homefront: The Revolution is a game that in my opinion was cursed by its title. This game is in essence the sequel to the less than well liked ""Homefront"" that has reworked the gameplay as a whole. Instead of taking a linear level based path, Homefront: The Revolution is more of a free roam game, most comparable to the Far Cry series. The game revolves around taking back Philadelphia from North Korean invaders using geurilla tactics instead of fighting head on.The gameplay is fun and I have yet to notice any of the bugs that people say plague this game. The campaign is a little boring, but the gameplay more than accounts for it."
,Recommended,223100,33101947,Posted: 1 July,all,TheBriar,"enjoyable enough to get on sale, maybe not so much for 30 bucks."
76561197970974254,Recommended,223100,25468304,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Tricky_Rich,"I played this during the free weekend and I have to say that it's impressed me enough for me to spend money on actually buying it.Yes, it has problems, but there is a good game underneath the glitches and slightly sloppy mechanics. It feels like a weird crossbreed between Dying Light, Far Cry and Half Life 2...that's a compliment by the way. There is the open world of the first two games mentioned, with elements such as base liberation and use of improvised equipment such as RC car explosives, which can be fun. Then there is the world itself, which reminds me quite a bit of City 17 from Half Life 2, with weird futuristic combine like structures side by side with dilapidated tenements.Despite my annoyances, there is a lot of ambition on display here and I would very much like to see Dambusters have another crack at an open world shooter with a slightly more coherent, focused vision.All in all...well worth a play!"
76561197985852662,Recommended,223100,30286141,Posted: 2 March,all,wolfen66,I really am enjoying this game. The single player has a long story and is fun to play. The best fun though is the coop mode.
,Not Recommended,223100,30462403,Posted: 11 March,all,Fluffy Haired NEET,"Knowing that Homefront The Revolution had loads of development troubles from THQ dying, Crytek refusing to pay their employees (And STILL not doing so at the rate that they're self imploding), going from a basic sequel to the original with its crazy ambition of wanting to be an open world Half Life 2 and the reading the reviews at launch, I went in with the lowest of expectations, but I was pleasantly surprised. It isnt a great game by any means but its really undeserving of its ""WORST GAME EVER"" title many people give it, as it has merit and is still better compared to the original game. That said its got some flaws that make it difficult to recommend at its current price tag of $43 CDN, though if you can get it and the DLC included at a heavily discounted bargain bin price tag its certainly worth a look since it feels like a successor to THQ titles in that its flawed yet can be enjoyable, just dont go in expecting much.ProsLooks and runs greatThe stories found through collectable journals are interestingThe world itself is genuinely interesting and has a great atmosphereAt times the game feels like an awesome mix of Crysis and Half Life 2Provides a lot of bang for your buckLoads of weapon customization optionsConsCharacters are fairly bland and forgettableThough the game aimed for an open world Half-Life feel it feels more like a mixture of a modern Ubisoft game (The blander ones) and Crysis in that it can get repetitive very quicklyCan get repetitive very quicklyStory DLC is more enjoyable than the base game which isnt bad but its annoying with their short length + pricetagMusic is generally forgettable and bland, would benefit more from a soundtrack used in the DLC which feels appropriate for an action gameThough its focused on guerilla combat you'll either love or hate the fact that you die very easilyAnd the most disappointing of all is that it feels really safe without much new you havent already seen before, or taking some interesting mechanics from things like Metro in terms of a cracking gas mask/ammo as currency. Its pretty vanilla.Though in fairness Dambusters really seem commited to turning this game around, and if they provide the same care they've given this game recently for future projects or sequels I could get a real kick out of it."
76561198245999256,Recommended,223100,25735437,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,JWAT89,"I honestly don't understand the ridiculous amount of hate for this game. I mean sure there are other games with better optimiztion and better this and that, but the thing is there's always going to be games that are better at a certain thing than the game you're playing. This game is fun and unlike any game I've played. They borrowed certain aspects of other games but blended them nicely with a pretty good story and overall fun gameplay. If you're into fps and like completing side missions and clearing zones, I strongly recommend this game! Performance is good for me (i7 4790k & evga 1080 ftw), but maybe hardware depent?Only complaint is lack of DSR support."
76561198010021579,Recommended,223100,25732755,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Sniper33,I played the original Homefront and it was very guided and short. This time however it was everything the original was not. The weapon exchange system was cool but limited you on what you could have active and in what combination. The storyline was pretty solid. I liked I had the freedom to capture the bases in the order I liked and not have storyline dictate the order. I DID NOT have any technical issues at all. It played flawlessly from begining to end. I dont buy games right when they launch. I wait until they are #1 reduced in price and #2 Patches have been released to fix any bugs. It was a solid 47 hours of gameplay. Well worth the sale price.
76561198011269601,Recommended,223100,31688919,Posted: 11 May,all,Whale,"A tragically overlooked, underrated gem. Rough around the edges, sure, but what it has in common with other open world FPS's it does very well, and the unique features it harbors are very novel, and also well done. I hope for nothing more than a sequel that further polishes the formula."
,Recommended,223100,25466725,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Demzez,Would i recommend it? Yes and No.You got tiered of every game on your game list. You have spare money and you feel like spending it? You can spend it on this game. With some cons that it has (most of the ppl already listed it) it can still be fun to play. Sorta liek far cry. It get repetitive but I'm fine with that. Co-op is also good to play.This game is average. You won't be playing it 1000+ hours. But you still may have some fun.I bought it now with a discount. before that i played free 2 days. And made my choice.Choice is yours: Buy now or wait for a bigger price drop.
,Recommended,223100,25418084,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Western_Influence,After the 2.0 patch the game is playable and enjoyable. At first there is a bit of a learning curve but so far it's been pretty good.
76561198006476496,Recommended,223100,33190780,Posted: 3 July,all,The Dude,After all the critics. I have played like 5 hours now and I have seen some glitches. De graphics are great. The details in the levels are lile Deus ex mankind divided. It looks great. i a gonna have some mayer fun with this one. I bought the game with the summer sales. 63 gb included all dlc. I am gonna enjoy this one. Viva la revolution!!!
76561198116238684,Recommended,223100,24101530,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,tkstrider,"I wanted this game to be so much more than what it is. But it isn't, it's generic, it's repetative, gameplay is clunky and the menus are sloppy. BUT, it's not bad. It's not good, but it's not bad. I recommend getting it on a sale, it's got a different setting and has a few fun and interesting set pieces that make me not regret getting it at a decent sale."
,Not Recommended,223100,23224950,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Hunk Skinhub.com,"It's a decent game, couldn't even say it was advertised unfairly. It just doesn't add up to what you would hope in anyway. Mechanics are all pretty good, customization all pretty good, story, the same. It's all professional, but it lacks. Especially bummed about the multiplayer. It's fun, but repetitive. Randoms always just rush the mission, and the missions feel like they are meant to be so that's ok, but they are too short and are really just run and shoot. There's some bugs with the guns too that I am sure will be patched but it's just another thing. The mechanics are good tho, it's like far cry and l4d and cod and crysis and idk... cover system is cool, melee os cool, guns are cool... but just in general, it's not deep enough when it comes to level design. Again, story seems well done, but I just don't care about it. I really wanted a good shooter with stealth mechanics that had a great coop mode. I don't feel I got that. Also, to update this a bit... the community is totally dead. I haven't been able to get into a coop match since the first two weeks of release."
,Not Recommended,223100,24402573,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Moosca,"So, to start things off, I'll have to say that this is the first game I've ever asked for a refund over.I'll start off with what I like about it first, and I'm not a big proponent of listed items.I think the visual fidelity of the game is good, you can tell it was built on Cryengine, it LOOKS good, it was hard to get a good framerate when I played it, however that was right around the time it was released, and I returned it quite fast after playing it.The gameplay foundations are also there, I can tell that this could be a solid game experience and its bothering that it simply but these features fall so flat on their face with some of the issues that just ruin everything that could be good.One of the biggest design decisions was to make everything sort of open world and Far Cry-esque, but when you die, what the hell happens? You get stuck about a minute or two back in the game, or if you happened to get stuck by a checkpoint, good job. But if you didn't get to a checkpoint and happened to use a vehicle to get to your objective thats about a minute away with enemy patrols on your way? Well good luck, because that vehicle is no longer there anymore, and you lost a ""valuable item"" or something like that simply for dying. So you get punished in a good few different ways just for dying! Enemies are randomized in their locations, you get set back fairly far in gameplay, you lose a valuable item, and if you used a vehicle? Good ♥♥♥♥ing luck, its gone off into the oblivion. Its just so bloody confusing when you die, no idea where your progress was last set, so its just not worth trying to figure that out in my opinion.This hurts though, because I love this sort of 'America has fallen' style game, Red Dawn is one of my favorite movies ever, but this game just doesn't work for me.If someone ever comes back and tells me that these issues have been fixed, I'll give this game a try again, because believe me, I really wanted this game to be good."
,Recommended,223100,24142633,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,pROvAK,"Homefront: The Revolution is an excellent game. While it brings virtually nothing new to the table, it combines various elements of game series known and loved by many, including similar social stealth elements reminiscent of Assassin's Creed, and the enjoyable gunplay and customization of Crysis. It also bears tribute to Far Cry in the capturing of various outposts and 'towers'. What really makes this game shine, however, are the stunning visuals, which really bring the battered city of Philedelphia to life. The game especially shines at nightime, and if it's raining. There are some bugs, mostly related to AI Pathfinding and some animation errors (Characters getting stuck in T-poses) but overall, it's a fairly polished game with acceptable optimization. Creds to the developers, as this game was in development hell for a long time. A solid 7/10."
,Recommended,223100,28635301,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Saiyajin,"apa lo liat liat , game bagus beli udah !"
,Recommended,223100,28646871,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Tiny Rick,Pretty cool game not nearly as bad as everyone makes it sound but it defenitly isn't worth full price you should buy it on the sale that is on right now for 15$ for the game with the season pass
,Recommended,223100,31108067,Posted: 12 April,all,BOT,this game is seriously addicting
76561197963135354,Recommended,223100,28613347,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Lt Dan,"Aside from random drops in framerates (mostly when there's a lot going on on screen), this is an outstanding game.  Really like the ""resistance"" aspects of it.  Makes you feel like you're part of the Wolverines.Of the negative reviews I've read on here it's one of a few things:1.  Bad optimization / ♥♥♥♥♥♥ computers2.  Call of Duty fanboys who use that as a benchmark for EVERYTHING.3.  Over-opinionated nerds."
76561198021437781,Recommended,223100,28686818,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,CaptainFaisal,"I dont know how this has a 30 hours campaign. I managed to finish the main story and do most side missions in the game in like 9 hours.Games length asside , its actually a very good game! Tried the beta and it made me hate the game, which was unfortunate but i have to say that after launch issues and more than half a year of commitment to the game. Its worth it!Didnt try the co op yet and the dlc campaign , but will update once i do."
,Recommended,223100,25865680,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,Xadro,"I really enjoyed the game, it wasn't such a smooth experience as say Far Cry 3 and 4.But it was a nice challenge (for me) and you don't really end up like a one man army like Far Cry, you die in a few shots just like your enemies.It was simply a fun game.Oh and it ran smoothly 60 fps all game long, it was great. (GTX 970)"
76561198061987488,Recommended,223100,31693349,Posted: 11 May,all,Hi I'm Mo3,"So, I didn't grab this at launch, I seen the less than stellar reviews and it seemed overwhelmingly pointed in the negative direction. However, since I grabbed it for only $10.00, I must say it was money well spent. I myself am not tired of openworld shooter's, These games are some of my prefered IP's. Now, this game isn't perfect, but honstly what game is? I can honestly recomend this game if you are on a budget.Story 7/10Character's 5/10setting 8/10music 8/10combat 7/10length 6/10replay 7/10So everyone if you wish to play this game, than wait for a sale, it's a fun game and I hope you enjoy."
,Recommended,223100,35247231,Posted: 27 September,all,JavvieSmalls,"After looking at the game and seeing the negative reviews, I decided to pass. Took a chance during a sale and so glad I did. I am surprised to see so many negative reviews. A really fun game; hope there is plans for another Homefront type game maybe on a bigger scale with a bigger need for looting, more accessible buildings, maybe different factions, and have some areas of the map that are too difficult to attack without better equipment, more AI team mates, and doing certain tasks to weaken the area etc..."
,Recommended,223100,35466034,Posted: 4 October,all,Uncle Angry,"Really good game. And you have to play it in the hardest level to enjoy it. Cant understand why so much hate about this game. Its really good. You can choose to stealth your way, guns blazing, alone or with some bots. And its not nesscary to clear all the zones. Great game"
,Not Recommended,223100,30474891,Posted: 12 March,all,Ulris Ventis,"Even for such a low price it's still a very horrible game with maddening dialogues and lots of bugs and boredom.Co-op is quite decent on the contrary but only if you find players to play with and wait until you manage to unlock weapons attachements, skills and gear that really takes a while.It could've been a lot better, but it never will be."
,Recommended,223100,30064261,Posted: 20 February,all,LASTHOPE,Great Game and Nice graphic
76561197970673734,Recommended,223100,25698558,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,slurpy,Underrated. Had fun playing it.
,Not Recommended,223100,29599131,Posted: 30 January,all,sl8hamr,I regretted buying this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ bugfest and am disappointed about my 7 hours that i wasted on this♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,223100,30585314,Posted: 18 March,all,SixHealthOfFury,"Take the worst part of FarCry 3's storyline where all the situations could be solved by the main character talking and add blur effects to everything so that shooting a gun becomes the most difficult task in an FPS game. It saddens me they failed so hard when the intro showed promise of being a heartbreaking struggle to rebel against the Koreans, who somehow made the best electronics in the world and the U.S. allowed them to manufacture their weapons. The jumps to conclusions is strong in the premise and at least the first game had a more plausible excuse for their flawed logic.Game looks great and plays like Fallout 3+FarCry in terms of searching everywhere for small trinkets that don't really matter. The real reason I'm going to request a refund is the two crashes that occurred within an hour of play. The crashes weren't consistent either, so it's just too buggy for my system. I have an A8-6800k quad 3.9ghz, 12gb DDR3 1833 RAM, GTX 1060 3gb RAM, using Windows 7. Hope this helps anyone."
76561197979218925,Recommended,223100,25496162,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Slick,Game is well done. Fun to play. runs nice.
76561198042062416,Not Recommended,223100,23107731,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Rocket Raccoon,"This game is quite possibly the biggest diasappointment to date.  There is constant frame rate lag, the graphics are a step above last gen console games, and the game is extremely repetitive.  All in all the game is not worth the $60 price tag it comes with because of all of the issues it has and the lack of story line a replayability.  It just feels like it was a game on the Xbox 360 from about 4 years ago.  The game generally feels like the dev team gave up on their vision half way through and decided to make a sub par game instead.  4/10 Would not reccommend"
,Recommended,223100,25366945,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,evanmeeks,"While its a solid enough game, there are some technical isues, (nothing dealbreaking, just the ocational framerate stutter.) Even so, I found I quite enjoyed It, and the story even tuged my heartstings ocationally. but the multyplayer, aulthought rather well put together, has no vs mode. therefor, no one is playing it.Get it if you want singleplayer, and at least try the multi (which can be played single, but you will die)6 out of 10, has potential though"
,Recommended,223100,28818082,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Norman Atomic,This game touched me the way my uncle use to
76561198160349508,Recommended,223100,33770233,Posted: 24 July,all,Sergi,Great Game!!!!!! Loving it
76561198047463694,Recommended,223100,32198179,Posted: 5 June,all,McGillicutti,"I just finished the game on easy.Thank you Devs for having a genuinely reasonable easy mode.Thank you Devs for some great and truly perplexing puzzles.Most of all, thank you for a game that reminds Americans like myself what's important and why. War is bad, evil, and wrong, however, so too is slavery, oppression, and mind control. That we have to free ourselves is the constant and Homefront puts it out there, reminds us of the responsibility that comes with freedom and how it is too easy to become complacent.Like any game this has bugs and issues, but this is the first Cryengine game where a very casual player like myself who plays for the story could actually get to the end.I won't put forth any spoilers, and will say that I tried to play the next one in the story line but found it much more difficult in ""easy"" mode. Glad there's others that play at higher difficulties but some of us aren't so game gifted and need games even easier than the easiest mode according to an uber gamer beta tester. Homefront Revolution was perfectly set in easy and I hope they make some adjustments on the next installments of the story.[This is also a forum post to thank the Devs]. Great game with a great story and that every American should play, especially the most patriotic amongst us.Again, thank you for a great game Devs :)"
76561198018944052,Not Recommended,223100,33108764,Posted: 1 July,all,geminim,"voice of freedom is an absolute piece of crap, don't count of ammo/weapons or carrying over from one dlc to the next or even from the main story.  this one is a nonstop roller coaster of feces, end boss that is overpowered with sneaking involved for some dumb reason.  and trying to escape is like running on wet ice, enjoy the  hydroplaning.do not even bother."
,Not Recommended,223100,23095538,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Boobie Pillow,"NOT A PERFORMANCE REVIEW!The game itself does have some great fighting in it, as a first person shooter it holds its own, however, the controls on computer are not very well thought out, the tutorials that explain the game get thrown at you so fast on screen that you literally have no idea whats going on and the idea behing the whole ""Gorilla warefare"" way to play is simply very vague and doesnt really appear apparent in the game.All in all I refuneded this game because I don't believe the single player campaign warrants a $83 AUD  (conversion at time of perchase) pricetag."
,Not Recommended,223100,30042712,Posted: 19 February,all,ᶜᵒᶫᶫᶦᵈᵉʳ ˢᵉᶰᵖᵃᶦ,"Fun game while it worked.ProsAI wasn't bad, there was always a few enemys that would shoot in the wrong dirrection and stand in the middle of a fire fight without finding cover the rest would find cover and surround/corner.The shooting felt nice.Gun modding system acted like the system Crysis 3.ConsThe game crashed 2 times during my play time. A few glitches that caused me to die like falling through the ground, getting stuck on a orange cone and falling to my death over maybe 1 foot fall. I had the game breaking bug in Hearts and Minds quest in Ashgate that would not let me continue without starting a new game.If you don't mind awful glitches and bugs and want a fun little shoot 'em up I would this isn't a bad option."
76561198079568396,Not Recommended,223100,23124985,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Clyde the nibba hunter,you kill one and 5 respawns 5 meters away
,Recommended,223100,30055031,Posted: 20 February,all,Pestilent Mongoose,"In a nutshell, worth it.It's basically Far Cry set in a dystopic America, the warzone maps are well done and feel ruined. Unfortunately it suffers from the same issues Far Cry does in that a single person can assault a military outpost, so you feel less like you're a resistance earning a foothold and more a terminator that walks through the enemy frontline.Art teams did a great job, atmospherics are good, especially at night. It's also a kinda cool to see civilian districts change as you tackle objectives and inspire them to rebel.Got it for around 50AUD. I feel it was worth it, I've paid more for less enjoying titles.Would've had extra mission types, instead of ""Take photo of X doing Y"" it'd be ""Meet people here for an ambush on a vehicle that's a prisoner"""
,Recommended,223100,30472481,Posted: 12 March,all,Waldschatten,"Here's another chance to vote with your wallet.If you can't stand Denuvo, buy this game, let the other publishers know that pulling excessive copy protection from their titles results in sales.My only complaint about the game itself is that the recruited resistance fighter's AI isn't exactly the best, at least not for someone who plays as a sniper or uses stealth and a knife to take out the KPA goons. They get in your way, they draw fire, and are pretty much only useful if you're attacking a stronghold head on and want lots of extra bullets in the air. If they gave the ally AI an overhaul this would go from being an okay game to being a pretty good one."
,Not Recommended,223100,23099215,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Mikey,"WAIT FOR A $9 sale and patchesNeg•	Had potential, but it’s not worth the full price•	Massive bugs, some funny some game breaking•	Dated appearance•	Deplorable performance even with my TitanxPos•	Insurgent hit and run gameplay is fun at first•	Weapon crafting feels nice, despite very few weapons•	Game embraces the cheesy WOLVERINE style campaign, lots of MURICA•	A good ideaHad potential but obviously the development woes hit it hard.  What you get is a great concept with copy paste quests, lack of overall weapons, boring gunplay, and a campaign that feels like a chore to finish.  I actually went through the entire campaign and I feel bad because you know the devs could have done better with more time, money, better management, etc..  These guys were unlucky b/c the insurgent hit and run idea could have been amazing and I truly hope some of these guys get a proper chance in the future and their game isn't hindered by corporate restructures."
76561198011724985,Not Recommended,223100,23094052,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Rizhard,"the game feels more like a free to play shooter then a 60 $ title....  think they needed more time developing, its just note worth the money"
76561198049262709,Not Recommended,223100,23124933,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Junkmailkeep,"Good plot, thats about it. the game is bascially a lag simultor it is really hard to shoot enemy's and they basically get hit once run away and then bring the army.4/10 would not bang again"
,Not Recommended,223100,23215184,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,IN razer blade-iwnl-,boring gameplay...just one or two missions were actually entertaining after that same gameplay through out the game ...also open world of this game is not that good .... nothing much to explore ...personal thoughts ... i have played this game for about 7 hours and now i wish shouldnt ... i can get refund now :/
,Recommended,223100,23950476,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,EK2,"Great story but bad Frame-Rate on the 970 & i7 6700K although, on the new Pascals, its runs great on GTX 1070 FE OC & i7 6700K O.C @4.4GhzBenchmarks on the 1070:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-Hxf3Kf_iNkBenchmarks on the 970:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=honJ1BUbxsIThis game has a great potential but do we really need a 980 ti+ to run 60fps on 1080p?"
,Not Recommended,223100,23256746,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Roguecaine,"Repetitive, repetitive,repetitive,repetitive.Worst Korea Best Korea.No MpFew weapons despite an upgrade system I still found myself keeping toward mid to logn range engagements.Story was kind of bleh in all honesty it didn't feel as engaging as it could have been."
76561198019204939,Not Recommended,223100,23260634,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Malevolence Aeternum,Multiplayer is nonfunctional and has not been patched. It does not appear that it will be patched.
,Not Recommended,223100,23104137,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,TinyHorsiee,got the game and refunded the game when it laged on a 960ti
,Recommended,223100,32639930,Posted: 22 June,all,Bunglon,Meh... buy it on sale.6/10
,Not Recommended,223100,33075094,Posted: 1 July,all,NDC.2woDads,"As someone who actually liked the first game, don't buy this even at a cheap price. Terrible gunplay, detection system, AI, inventory/loadout etc the list goes on. Just save yourself the time and money. A game with this many problems during development was never going to end well."
,Not Recommended,223100,23108843,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,C4_85,one word to sum up the game (CRASH)start the game crashget it go 5 mins crashswich in to lowers setings run fine for 10 mins crashshut it off come back to it 10hours later crashget♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off ask for refund so i dont punch my pcAMD FX 8320 3.50 GHzEVGA OC GTX 980 tuned upso ya it looks like it wound be a good game if u can keep it running for more than 10 MINS
76561197984018275,Not Recommended,223100,23141414,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,[RF]Nordace,"Diceroll: 2/6Remember Rome 2? Or perhaps Act of Aggression? How they went for ""Remastered?""This game needs it. Overlooking the bugs, the performance sinks, the blindly stupid AI, the mediocre graphics, the disappointing ""Mission"" based Co-op and a somewhat bland SP experience and the clunky/unresponsive parkour...I'd be very much inclined to say ""It's worth it... If its price was 20€""As the game kept me in just over refund time, I pray the devs will accept my money and spend it on improving this game... Because right now it is a shameful display. Really. It needs a ""remastered"" -very- badly. Please convince me that I did not make a bad investment.But! Do not dismiss this game out of hand. Come back in a half-year's time. If it is given -a lot- of loving care, it can still be saved."
76561198091338358,Not Recommended,223100,23200835,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Canadianmamba,loved the first game why open world?????????????? this game was going to be so awesome but they just had to f*** it up someway
76561197973770408,Not Recommended,223100,23146152,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,kr00m,Refunded; a stuttering mess!
,Not Recommended,223100,23145607,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,PhamTrinli,"Music 3/5Combat 2/5Graphics/Visuals 3/5Overall Gameplay 2/5Animations 3/5Sound Effects 2/5Controls 1/5Stability 4/5Story 2/5Multiplayer (not rated; didn't experience)UI 1/5Comments: Worst controls, UI and mission direction of any game i've played in a long time.half the time you don't even know what you're supposed to be doing because the game just keeps throwing timed mission objectives at you before you can even complete one of them and then you just auto fail the rest because they expire before you can even start them.then the vehicle controls (specifically the bike) are worse than the pc controls on the original pc port of dark soulsthe ui tries to be cute by trying to make it more immersive, but what they actually ended up doing was just turning the UI into a bloated, convoluted, complicated mess."
,Not Recommended,223100,23175629,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,stalkman farmskins.com,"First off,the people who give this game a positive review are the people trying to console themselves because they know they've just wasted 60$.Get over it guys.After giving this game a solid 8 hours and progressing half way throught the story,i must say this is one of the worst games i have ever played in my life.This is a disgrace for a FPS game.Blatant storyline and gameplay,Wack♥♥♥♥♥NPC's, Crappy shadows all over the game,Frame drops then and there and the list goes on.Oh and the most disastrous thing in this game is the aiming and shooting mechanism,if i aim an enemy and shoot,i would be shooting at the enemy but the enemy wont be shot.In simple words if i aim and fire a rocket launcher at an enemy vehicle,the rocket launcher simply wont strike the vehicle.Thats how awful it is..Although the game is only 17$ for me on the INDIAN store,For others this game is not worth 60$.i would skip this game infact.Over this i dont know why they implemented denuvo over this piece of crap.This wont be played even if its pirated.The developers plainly copied farcry's mechanics and parts of dying light's BGM and gameplay.Nothing really good to say about this game except the Weapon customization,which they messed up because it takes a long damn time to customize a weapon and by the time you customize it , the enemy would kill you.Overall the game is appaling.Please dont buy this."
76561198006217347,Not Recommended,223100,28661261,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Anticitizen1 [Raven Guard],"Like Farcry but bad. Seriously, if you like repetitive open world FPS games, Farcry games are a far superior choice. This game has:Bad AI.Bad spawns, did you just kill that KPA soldier bashing a civ? Oh well, he'll respawn in a few seconds.Poor level design.Crap story, none of the characters are interesting.Lots and I mean, LOTS of bugs.Just don't do it, don't buy this rubbish, I got it on a big sale and I still think I overpaid."
76561198003454835,Not Recommended,223100,32221013,Posted: 6 June,all,impiribl,very bad ISIS simulator
76561197982230437,Not Recommended,223100,23093487,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,fraser9449,"Sweet lord this game has issues.  As with many others, I wanted nothing more than this game to be a success, but the first 30 minutes of gameplay have left me feeling cheated almost.  The original Homefront had issues, but it was enjoyable to play regardless.  If the combat was tight and on point like other games using the same engine then many issues could be looked past, but when the basics of movement, gun control and shooting feedback are lacking it is hard to physically continue playing without causing damage to ones keyboard, mouse or soul.  It seems a higher priority was placed on quantity rather than quality... delaying this for another year would have been a better idea than releasing as isI feel sorry for the developers and presenters of this as they must have been going through shock treatment to big up this one in front of the public.  I will return to this one once a few patches come through, but i find it hard to believe it will rectify what feels like a unfinished game"
,Not Recommended,223100,23206929,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,pringlepringle,"I don't know what's a bigger mess, this game or my life"
,Not Recommended,223100,23105135,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Sqirty,"It doesnt work as it should, its not optimized very well"
,Recommended,223100,24809502,"Posted: 10 August, 2016",all,Something..,"No one seems to like this game, but I like this game!"
76561198023158086,Not Recommended,223100,23055856,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Ph0b0s,"I had high hopes for Homefront: The Revolution. However; between disapointing AI, poor optimization, and limited coop I can't recomend this game. If you already have it, I suggest seeking a refund: because even if you can run this game well on your PC the single player campaign with its borderline braindead AI and pathfinding in its current state is simply not worth the full price. If you must have this game, get it when it goes on sale."
,Recommended,223100,23086251,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,LunchSpecial,"At a glance 72/100Should I buy this? Well if you’re thinking is it worth putting time into this game or not, I’d say it is. It’s not hard to 100% this game I’d say you’ll see lots of 100% in the 30-40hr range. Is it worth the Price? If you only care about the story, I’d say no. But if you’re looking at 100% and like a Far Cry style game withsomeMultiplayer then I’d say Yes. If you want a Multiplayer game Then move along, nothing to see here.It doesn’t take a genius to figure out that the Homefront was inspired by the movie Red Dawn(1984)While its story length was around the same as your average Call of Duty game (~6hours) it left the groundwork in place for a fantastic series, sadly Homefront: The Revolution abandons that and starts anew in an alternate timeline.Homefront:TR plays more like a Far Cry game then Call of Duty or Battlefield but its limited side jobs (20 of them) and lack of zone replay after you clear an area make me look at a zone and wonder what the most efficient way to clear it is, instead of wanting to get lost exploring. The story feels mediocre at best due to the nature of the game, story missions generally send you to the next zone after 2 or so it’s hard to really connect with any of the characters. You’ll spend your time in a zone winning the ‘Hearts & Minds’ of the people, collecting radios, responding to emergency calls for help called ‘Flashpoints’ along with your main goal of attacking enemy strongholds and pushing the KPA out of that district.DeathwishUnlike other shooters the hard difficulty called ‘Deathwish’ doesn’t feel like it punishes you for going on the offensive, Run & Gun is an option and you’re not forced into walking everywhere aiming down your sights.  Instead ‘Deathwish’ chooses to punish you for poor positioning during a fight, such as getting flanked or not paying attention to where you start a fight ie in the range of other patrols/turrets/overwatch. Even the Snipers don’t 1 shot you on ‘Deathwish’ which is always a plus in my book for this type of play.AIThe AI can have moments ofGeniusProper codingLuck. Getting flanked on each side by a Heavy while having a patrol moving into an adjacent building to get the high ground all while 2 APCs pin me down. This might be tricky if the game didn’t Hack tools (A craftable & buyable gadget that takes control of KPA drones and turns them against the KPAsoldiersPeacekeepers) But for the most part the AI is easily fooled and can be a joke once you get the hang of the way the react. But then again welcome to the AI of 95% of FPSs on the market.MultiplayerThis game does not have Player vs. Player, it’s unknown if they will ever add PvP but they do give you a 4 player Co-Op mode separate from the main story called ‘Resistance’. In ‘Resistance’ you create a character (from a group of presets) and select their background prior to the KPAInvasionpeacekeeping efforts. the characters gain skill points that can be spent Borderlands style into abilities and perks. Gearing up you character requires youto sacrifice small kittensbuy loot crates with in game currency that is acquired by completing missions. A smart move not putting gear behind micro transactions as that may have killed this game for many gamers. The missions themselves are fairly open with multiple ways to get to your objective but once you arrive it plays out the same each time, an exception to this I’ve seen would be one of the early missions has you attack a convoy. The 3 times I’ve played it the convoy has taken a different route each time. I can’t see myself grinding money in Multiplayer however having people that know how to have fun makes it enjoyable.PerformanceBla Bla Bla I have 9-way SLI Fury Zs and It dips to 23 fps. Honestly I don’t know how so many people are having trouble with the game but lots of people claim to be having it.Here is my advice don’t listen to either side on Performance, good or bad. Decide if you want the game and are going to buy it or not, ignoring what fps you’ll have with your system specs. Then match your specs with that of the System Requirements if you can run the game based on those alone then buy it and if you don’t like the way it preforms onYOURsystem. Then use the steam refund feature if you’re not happy with the graphics or fps.Season PassYou $5 off for buying the game with the season pass. This is a gamble youcouldsave 5 dollars on expansions you love or youcouldwaste $20 on expansions you hate. Then there is option #3: Wait. I don’t think season passes are worth it, 1 bad dlc that you wouldn’t buy standalone can usually offset the cost of the discount. In the end, it’s your money.I was not paid to write this, nor did I receive the game for free.I felt the need to write this because I feel that a lot of game review siteslike IGNaren’t giving it a fair shot and criticized elements that they praised in other gamesjust because they didn’t get paid offI also don’t like the amount of steam users that downvote this game and have less than 2 hours in it.Good Luck & Have Fun"
,Not Recommended,223100,25445315,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Obakemon,แม่งเอ้ยอะไรก็ทนได้นะแต่อย่างเดียวที่กูรับไม่ได้คือ.. NPC แม่งทำซ้ำเยอะไปไหมครับ? บางฉากยืนกันห่างไม่ถึงห้าเมตร ยังกับฝาแฝดเหมือนหัวจรดตีนเลย ฮ่วย!
76561198040385962,Not Recommended,223100,30415678,Posted: 9 March,all,CIA,"____________________whatthefu____________________ckdidyoujustfuс.ki________________ngsayaboutme,youlittlebi_______________tch?I’llhaveyou______knowIgra____________duatedtopofmy__________classin_________theNavySeals,an____________dI’veb__________eeninvolvedinnum__________erous_________secretraids onAl-Q___uaeda,andIh_aveov__________er300confirmedkills_.Iamtrainedingo_rill__________awarfareandI’mthe_topsniperintheentireU_________Sarme  dforces.You_arenothingtomebutjust_______precisionthelikesof__whichhasneverbeenseen______beforeonthisEarth,markmyfuс.kingwords__.Yout______hinky________oucangetawaywithsa____yingth_____atshi____________ttomeov___ertheI_____nterne_____________________t?Thin_____kagain__________________,fuс.ke_____r.Aswe___________________speakI_____amcon___________tact_____ingmys____ecre_____________tnetw ork__ofspie____sacr____________osstheUSAa_ndyou_________________rIPisbein____gtrac____________edrightno_wsoyo_______________ubetterprepa____refor____________thestorm,m_aggot_____________.Thest__ormt____hatwi___________pesoutthe_pathe______________ticlitt__lethi____ngyou___________callyourl_ife.Yo_______________u’refuc_kingd____ead,k___________id.Icanb__eanywhere,anytime,an__dIcanki______llyou____inov___________ersevenh__undredways,andthat’sjustwith______mybar____ehan__________ds.Noto___nlyam__Iexte__nsivelytra____inedin____unar__________medcomba___t,b__utIhaveaccesstoth___eentir____earse________nalof theUn_____itedStatesMarineCo___rpsandI_____will_______useit_toitsfu_____llextenttowipeyourm__iserable_____assof______fthefaceofthec___________ontinent__,youlittl______eshit_______.Ifonlyyouco________uldh____avekno_wnwh atunh______olyret_______ribu___________tion____yourli_ttle“cle______ver”co_________________mme________ntwas__abou_______ttobring_______________down________upony__ou,m________aybeyou______________woul________dhaveheldyourf___uck____ingtongue._____________Buty______oucouldn’t,youd___idn’t,a__ndnowyou’repaying__________the_____price,y__o___ugoddаmnidiot. Iwillshitfuryallovery______ouan__dyouwil__ldro wninit.You’ref__uckingdead,kidd_o.Wwhatthefuс.kdidyouj____ustf_uckingsaya_____boutme,youl_ittlebitсh?I’llhave___youk__nowIgr_____aduatedtopof_mycla ssintheNavy)____Seals,andI______’vebeeninvo_lved_____innumer________oussecre__trai______dso_________nAl-Qu__aeda_________________,andIh  aveo_________________ver300conf_________________irmedki_________________lls__"
,Recommended,223100,30649490,Posted: 21 March,all,dahlskebank,Why isn't this campaign coop?
,Not Recommended,223100,25438376,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Ostrej,"I wanted to like this game. I really did. It looks amazing, but the game is poorly optimized. I can't hold a steady framerate on low settings, the first mission glitched right off the bat and wouldn't let me continue, and the voice acting was completely offset the entire game. It was not enjoyable what so ever to me.I'm glad I played this as a free weekend exclusive so that I could find out the investment isn't worth it."
,Recommended,223100,28012506,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,TheHighEye,Its nice game i will be playing it more for sure
76561198043236532,Recommended,223100,28121271,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Ironshadow,"So, let me start by saying that as of this review, I have less than 2 hours of gameplay.With that said i still feel as though i have played enough of this game to give a decent review on it, which is pretty bad if i dont even have 2 hours game time into the game.im not going to do a list of pro's and cons, instead im simply going to explain what i think this game does right and wrong.To start the wrong stuff.Right off the bat i can already tell that this game is a fake open world. i dont mean that it says open world and doesnt give you a world to explore. what i actually mean is that the world is very un populated with things to do.I will how ever say that the world is open, you can go anywhere you please, after the first quick mission.You can go capture strongholds/points, and you can do what ever you want between story missions, BUT theres very little else to do aside from capture the points of interest (POI) and story missions, you have the mission board in POI's you have taken but im pretty sure that just says go take this POI cause its a POI...TBH i havent messed with the mission board so i cant accuretly say.another thing this game does wrong is the spawning mechanic of both Friendly and enemy NPC's.I have been walking, stealthaly, along the side of a building, saw a blimp scanning for terrorists, stopped in a spot i wouldnt be seen in then a friendly npc would spawn..... RIGHT UNDER THE ♥♥♥♥ING SCANNER. luckely the friendly npc's dont set off scanners but they will aggro enemy npc's.speaking of enemy npc's tey can literally spawn right in front of, but they can also DESPAWN right in front of you... i had a sniper that i was looking at and about to shoot despawn.... while looking at him. all i could think was ""♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ how dare you despawn to get away from me killing you"".now i wont say that this is a bad thing, but its not good either. the game is suppose to be a stealth game..... ya know what while on stealth lets talk about how the game does it wrong. does crouching make you harder to see.... kinda.... does standing make you easier to see..... kinda.... The ""Stealth"" in this game is more or less stay off the streets in red zones and blend in with normal citizens in yellow zones. other wise you might as well scream ""HERE I AM"" at the top of your lungs in game cause the damn scanner bots and blimps in the red zones are ♥♥♥♥ing every where, and they will catch you unless you get lucky and find a good hidding spot before they can scan you.Now lets talk about the zones. you have yellow and red zones. again TBH i havent really played in a yellow zone yet only the red zone and the red zone is the hard one. so my question is why would you get forced into a red zone after only a short time in the yellow zone. the yellow zone is suppose to be a zone where you can blend in with citizens and sneak around a little easier cause the guards arent really caring what you do in those zones. but red zones, oh boy let me tell you, red zone are the warzones enemy NPC's will see you and start shooting after they confirm its you kinda like a few seconds, but enemy snipers they just shoot....Now we went over some wrong things but lets go over right things......well..... um....... weapons............... ya thats about all i can really say is good. they do weapons right, you get a pistola dn one main weapon with about 3 different things. ya things lets just go with that. you can have a pistol/smg/railgun or a crossbow/flamethrower/blunderbuss...... plus all the attachments for the guns. not a bad system but it lacks real customization for your guns.inventory is pretty bland you have like 4 throwables that can be upgraded to like what ever you want really traps or what not. and you have a flash light....graphics arent bad, but lets go back to guns or more specifically gunplay.... HORRIBLE and thats saying some.... i try to be stealthy useing the crossbow but come to find out it only really works from a medium range.... wait what, im suppose to be using this to stealth kill guys but i have to basically be in view of them to use it..... on what about a suppress pistol works better but the recoil is horendous. no pistol recoils like a ♥♥♥♥ing sniper when shot wth... and lets not even talk about being able to hit something.oh wait we went back to bad things.... i guess there really isnt a whole lot good about this game...BUT i will say this. i, for some reason, enjoy it. is it for everyone no. would i recommend it well ya i would. believe it or not even with how much the mechanics of the stealth are pretty much not there, it makes you think about what the ♥♥♥♥ your doing. you cant just skyrim your way through this, you have to stay in the building and look before you leap or run across the stream to the next building to get where you going.you have to be patient and wait for oppertunities to present themselfs, you cant just go guns blazing rambo style. im sure even with upgrades you can't. but i could be wrong on that..... either way its good at what it does, and that is making you think. it makes you parranoid and think &quot♥♥♥♥♥♥the enemy could be right in front of me and i wouldn't see them till its too late"" or ""i need to stay inside till im absolutly certain no one will see me"".its not like assasins creed, or skyrim with its stealth. its more realistic then those and it really does hammer on the paranoid part of the enemies could be anywhere at any time. i mean they do ahve beter tech and more numbers then you do.overall the wrong heavily out weighs the right but i think people dont expect what this game is actually doing and for that they think of the things that happen to them like enemies spawning infront of you as a glitch but really its to make you more paranoid.the dev's of Homefront: The Revolution, i think, tried to do something that no game hase really done before, and for that i applaud them. but they could have atleast been more open about and let us know about this stuff, i guess they thought they woudlnt have to...Score out of 10 i honestly have to give it a solid 5 out of 10 and i would recommend it if you like stealth and dont mind actually trying to be stealthy."
,Recommended,223100,29614611,Posted: 31 January,all,Smoking August,This is realy gorgeous.
76561198276105465,Not Recommended,223100,29344559,Posted: 18 January,all,Mabehir,"REVIEW (POST PATCH)Positiv:-Changing / Modding weapons on-the-go is just awesome and makes combat feel very dynamic-Excellent Shooting mechanics, weapon sounds and hit feedback-Scenario is funny and intriguing (to a certain extent)-Some nice dialogue which raises questions about ethics-Decent graphics and runs smoothly (POST PATCH)Negativ:-Check-List gaming at its finest (or worst) --> Extremely uninspired gameplay: You just have to keep freeing district after distrit like a mindless drone-No a real open world game as advertized as (districts divided by loading screens)-Zero ""open-world"" side activities-Protagonist is basically and empty shell who is not able to interact with anybody (its almost like an On-rails-shooter)-Absolutely NO interesting or new gameplay features or innovation. NONE!-Cell phone as main menu sub par-minor bugsFinal Rating 5 / 10 --> Just a mediocre and mundane experience overall, but by FAR not the worst game of 2016 like some people have saidFOR OUR FULL VIDEO REVIEW, CHECK OUThttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F04mZeuj_-c&t=637s"
76561198023312777,Not Recommended,223100,25557565,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Karakum,The game has graphic and RAM problems. Better wait for a few updates before buying.
,Recommended,223100,31267314,Posted: 20 April,all,Onarram,Feels like playing Dying Light but without zombies.
,Recommended,223100,31217906,Posted: 18 April,all,Mike,I like it.
,Recommended,223100,31430180,Posted: 28 April,all,ScriptedEntity,Got 11 hours out of it
76561198009523114,Recommended,223100,30387693,Posted: 8 March,all,RjAnkos -RJ,"I enjoyed and completed this game for what it is, a urban FarCry-like.After the Update around late 2016, game stability is improved and I've seen no major issues for the 14 hours I played. Somehow I completed this game but not Far Cry 3. General gameplay feels solid and enjoyable while story is so-so. IMHO, this game is a buy on a 75% or more sale.i rate this game a 7/10."
76561198093877340,Recommended,223100,30930483,Posted: 3 April,all,🅻⧹ ⚜⎝ ♚🅴♚ ⎠⚜⧸🅾,Too bad no multiplayer tho. First game was more enjoyable than this Im dissapointed still thumbs up for optimization. And why no multiplayer this time cmn man ...6/10
,Recommended,223100,25479063,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Evilsnail,"I don't know what the complaining is all about. I do understand why the negetive reviews when it first came out but I started to play after all of the patches and it runs fine for me. I think that the people who are saying that their games are crashing after the updates aren't being honest with themselves or people about what their computers can handle or if it's even stable. I am running this on a 3-4 year old Alienware 18 laptop at medium settings at I have no issues at all. It's even locked in at 60 FPS and the game still looks amazing. I'm pretty sure that most people are trying to run the game at ultra when we all know that this has the cryengine and it's a very demanding engine.As for the game review. I've only played 1 hour and 15 minutes so I don't know the storyline that well yet but I'm enjoying the open world aspect of it. I love games like this so it's my cup of tea but not for everybody. I think that people wanted a call of duty type of game when they bought into this game and was let down. I personaly believe that people have too high of expectations these days and do not remember back in the day when you got a glitchy game for $60 and it was like 5 hours long.  The AI isn't that great on it but I am going to try a harder level to see what that's like.One thing that annoys me is that I keep seeing reviews on people that are hating the game and not recommending it have 40+ hours soaked into the game. I don't know about you but I refuse to put that many hours into something I really hate. I also do not take bad reviews for people that have spent .2 hours on it as well. Not even sure if my 1.25 hours count but I just wanted to say that it's stable and like the game.As for the price? I do think the $25 I spent on it is worth it and I also think that the developers are trying real hard to make the game great. Definately wait for the next sale.There you go, my two cents worth. You can either hate it or like it but either way I'm going to keep playing this game because I enjoy it and do not care about people that whine about everything."
76561198059466920,Recommended,223100,31685971,Posted: 11 May,all,AtticSands,"Although it deserves its ""mixed reviews"" title, if you can get this game on sale (~12$CDN) its great for the cost. Not a lot of replayability but its a solid, generic shooter with some fun mechanics thrown in."
,Recommended,223100,31689615,Posted: 11 May,all,Fox Hound,"Pretty decent game!Good graphics, alright story, plays well.Got the game and season pass for around 10 bucks, well worth it!"
76561198115508557,Recommended,223100,31692763,Posted: 11 May,all,BWoogz,"All that I heard though reviews is how much this game sucked. Well I disagree. I love this game. It runs fine for me. Yes it has a bug or two here and there, but this game is great. Please tell me a game that doesn`t. I bought this game on the steam sale {5-10-17]. I put twelve hours in on it the day I bought it and turned around and bought the DLC`s the same day. Come to think of it gotta go play some Homefront. Great game totally worth a buy."
76561197974877837,Recommended,223100,32326287,Posted: 10 June,all,Spalls Hurgenson,"The original ""Homefront"" (2011) was awful. A badly made ""Modern Warfare"" clone, it took all the bad aspects of the genre - linear levels, straitjacket scripted encounters, stupidly bombastic storyline - and wrapped it in generic gunplay, visually unappealing graphics and an idiotic set-up. The core of the game - playing as freedom fighters waging war against foreign invaders in downtown USA - was interesting enough, but the implementation was terrible. So when the sequel was announced, you can understand if I approached the game with a great deal of trepidation.There is a lot to dislike about ""Homefront: Revolution"". The voice-acting stands out with how terrible it is, and the backstory remains idiotic even after they turned the whole thing into an ""alternate history"" in some vain attempt to make a Korean invasion seem more plausible (it doesn't help). The bad-guys are cartoonishly evil, apparently now poison-gassing whole cities just for the LOLz. The good guys aren't much better - some taking vicious joy in torture - perhaps because the developers were aiming for a whole real-politick, shades-of-grey attempt at realism -  but when the villains are so unbelievably evil the whole thing just feels nasty and flat.The levels are fairly large and reasonably detailed but disappointingly the world is divided into distinct maps and transit between them is controlled through mission advancement, completely ruining any feeling of an open world. Within each map the game falls back on the usual tropes: hidden goodies and the usual capture-the-base missions that have been the standard since 2008 and Far Cry 2. The game does expect you to stealth often, but - again - this system is poorly implemented, largely because the enemy attacks immediately upon spotting you. ""Revolution"" also relies heavily on respawning enemies to bump up the difficulty level rather than utilizing strong AI, and at times the game feels almost like Robotron with how many soldiers it throws at you.So, another terrible Homefront game, eh? No surprise given its legacy, right? Well, not quite.""Homefront Revolution"" isn't a great game; I'm not even sure it's a good game. It is, however, head-and-shoulders above its predecessor and not completely without merit. Graphically, the game is surprisingly appealing, with some very good lighting and textures (the animations could have used some work). The firefights were solid, with good gun-play and level design that supported the close-quarters urban combat. I found the motorcycle - the sole player-controlled vehicle - a bit pointless; between the too frequent enemy spawns and the rubble-strewn streets, it was just faster and easier to run everywhere and I almost never used the thing. But the game had a solid foundation; it was just everything built atop that foundation that was awfuk. More variety in enemy types, a larger, more varied and cohesive game-world, a more robust stealth system, more mundane enemies who were individually threatening - rather than dangerous because they were thrown at the player in waves - and more things to do in the game beyond the token collectibles and base-capture would have made the game far more enjoyable.(As an aside, the game's visuals - especially at night, with all the tracer-fire and the imposing steel-clad fortress of the Koreans - looked peculiarly post-apocalyptic and made me wish for nothing more than this game be re-done using the Terminator license, perhaps as a remake of Bethesda's ""Terminator: Skynet"" game from 1996. Anyone else feel the same?)""Homefront: Revolution"" surprised me in that it wasn't as horrid as I expected, and honestly I don't really regret the 20 or so hours I invested into playing it, but it's really quite flawed and not a game I expect to return to anytime soon. I'll reluctantly give it a recommendation, partly because the gunplay was solid but mostly because it was such an unexpected improvement over its predecessor, but it's definitely a game you'll want to pick up on sale."
76561198001535311,Recommended,223100,25475945,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,wotan3,"I was intrigued from all of the early word on this one, decided to wait it out for the patches - grabbed it on the free weekend to give it a spin and bought it an hour later.This game has gotten some hard raps, mostly not deserved from I've seen.11 hours in and this is one of the better titles I've played this year.It's gorgeous, well realized. Excellent sound design and weapon action. Great open world, does its own take on the Stalker/Dying Light/Half Life feels. Definitely the best Far Cry ever...Good writing, excellent acting, some musing on war what is it good for, interesting setting.Absolutely♥♥♥♥♥♥story though :)All in all a solid game, executed well, with some interesting design and slick minute to minute gameplay loops.Highly recommended."
76561198121980277,Not Recommended,223100,26094474,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,seamus,"Not a fan.  In weird ways the game is hand holdy, and in others it totally hangs you out to dry.  38 minutes before you even get to play.  In that time your character gets knocked out twice, and beaten up another. Not a very heroic beginning.The game world is a pain to move through.  There are certain walls that I would like to walk on top of.  As the wall is 2 feet wide this does not seem to be an irrational request; however, the only interaction that I am allowed with said wall is to jump over it.  Not knowing this I jumped to my death.The rules of engagement on alarms is very buggy.  I was hidden in a building, and had broken LOS for three minutes, but the guards kept shooting me through the wall.  never hitting or doing damage.  As such I couldn't break the alarm.On the plus side the graphics, lighting, and mood are all top notch.  The story so far has been decent.  It can be hard to keep the main story straight with all the side things that pop up on your way from A to B to complete a mission.As you can see I dont' have much time in the game.  I got it on a sale, and might come back to it at some point, but for right now I just dont' have the intrest in learning the game.  Which is kinda sad because the story really looks promising"
,Recommended,223100,25864021,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,EpicNarwhallord,"Don't worry, this ain't no No Man's Sky."
,Not Recommended,223100,30780696,Posted: 27 March,all,Kotzilla,"First game was ""okay"", i'd say, but this one's one trash, it's filled with bugs, voice acting isn't even decent, missions are way too repetitive. Only good thing this game has are graphics. Just don't bother buying it."
,Recommended,223100,27173604,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,SovietLlama,"You will play as Tom Brady with♥♥♥♥♥kicking skills--Yeah he dashes and runs pretty goodA FarCry-like game in a more violent way.No need to know the stories and all those characters, just shut up and blow some ♥♥♥♥♥ upWould recommend it if you get to buy the entire game at $17.99, worth it!"
,Recommended,223100,27385149,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,❅FrostBain❅,"I ♥♥♥♥ing love this game, it is mainly about territory which is so fun and that you have to hide and be stealthy about it just makes it even more exhilarating"
,Recommended,223100,26949260,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jas,"Got this game on special for $24 usd, only reason i held off was I seen alot of negitive reviews... other than i few minor bugs like people walking in mid air, have experianced no problems. the story is great and ive spent like 12 hours just running around capturing everything and doing the bonus stuff very fun, It is kind of a different experiance than the first one. but i like it would rate."
76561198383569672,Not Recommended,223100,33526946,Posted: 13 July,all,shotzfiredXx,"it is a decent game, but not the best. i definitely know that if i had the free trial first i wouldn't have bought this."
76561198008501569,Recommended,223100,30402477,Posted: 8 March,all,Jayflo,"Worth the ten bucks! A lot of fun, underated game definetly."
76561198039815638,Not Recommended,223100,30584478,Posted: 17 March,all,ZKiller_115,"I bought this game inclusive of DLCs for around $11. Mmmm not bad, but definitely not worth paying the full price. Main campaign is alright eventhough some may think the plot is short compared to other games. Technical wise, graphics isn't really that great but mine stays at 60 most of the time at ULTRA.Good side :> Solid 60fps most of the time> Sick on-the-spot weapon modding> Fun explosions> Decent map sizeSort of bad side :> Main story's plot is a bit short> Inconsistent and annoying spawn system of enemies> Tall and thick bushes at certain places of the map is useless as it doesn't conceal you from the enemy> The DLCs are very very short> Rare crash and freezesOnly buy it when it's discounted  :)"
,Recommended,223100,29000999,Posted: 4 January,all,RANDY ORTON,"Solid FPS although with quite a few minor glitches (nothing that really effects gameplay, more ""Hah, that guy's running into a wall"" type glitches) Reasonably immersive and well written story, cut scenes go for a little longer than I'd like and the game will try and hand-hold you and increase linearity of the game in certain sections. Allaround worth a pickup and play if you catch it on special."
76561198062167420,Not Recommended,223100,30516110,Posted: 14 March,all,madsci78,"At least with a dead and rotting skunk carcass, you would have something for a dog to eat. It looks like the entertainment value of this game is much much less than such. Did North Korea pay you to develop this? I really enjoyed the first game so this is a huge disappointment. Also the absolutely ridiculous casting of NK as the villain when it was supposed to be China in even the first one shows that compromise in service to claims of ""marketability"" tosses the potential for a good Red Dawn story before it even begins. I've never heard anyone from Russia crying like a damn baby because the Soviet era version of their country was being used as an opponent in fiction..... I will endeavor to forget I ever bought this ""game"" and hopefully the stain of the waste will be forgotten."
,Not Recommended,223100,28201076,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Cancerslug,"The game looks very nice, the atmosphere is great, I enjoy this kind of game. I love STALKER, Farcry 3, etc, so I know I could really dig this. If it ran. I get a CTD every time I try to play. I've tried many tweaks and changes to try to get it to work. I've tried the affinity fix, the multithreading fix (I don't have MT anyways), I've tried different cfg file edits. I do hope that someday I can play it, maybe then I can change my review."
76561198046775556,Not Recommended,223100,25521697,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,saber138,"This review is after the september 2016 Patch.  Do not buy this buggy mess of a game. They may have fixed the performance issue, well almost.  But bugs galore and bad game design still remain."
,Not Recommended,223100,30211177,Posted: 26 February,all,Destroyeron,"This isn't a bad game, but it really isn't worth your time. Everything is average and it gets repetitive really quick."
,Recommended,223100,27876069,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,-anionex-,░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░Me░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░█▀▀░░█░░░░░░░░░░░▄▀▀▀▀░░░░░█▄▄░░░░░░░░░█░█░░░░░░░░░░▐░░░░░░░░▐▐░░░░░░░░░▄░▐░░░░░░░░█░░░░░░░░▄▀▀░▐░░░░░░▄▀░░░░░░░░▐░▄▄▀░░░░░▄▀░░░▐░░░░░█▄▀░▐░░░░░░█░░░▐░░░░░░░░▄░█░░░░░░░█▄░░▀▄░░░░▄▀▐░█░░░░░░░█▐▀▀▀░▀▀▀▀░░▐░█░░░░░░▐█▐▄░░▀░░░░░░▐░█▄▄░░░░░▀▀░▄▄▄▄▄░░▐▄▄▄▀░░░░░░░░░Negative Reviews░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░░
,Recommended,223100,31732281,Posted: 13 May,all,Master Masturbator,this game is not bad as people claim it is
76561198035726780,Recommended,223100,31722503,Posted: 13 May,all,Malau,"Magnificent game. I have no idea why it received such bile and hate when it was released ?Reviews said it had bugs ? Maybe all the patches and updates it has had have fixed them ? I didn't come across a single bug.PROS:-On sale for (25RMB) (3 USD approx) plus all the DLC - BARGAIN !Beautiful graphics, as good as anything the PC has ever seen. Stunning.Beautiful and haunting mapsFantastic gunplayLots of stuff to collectGreat atmosphereMaxed out at 4k 200fps with GTX1080CONS:Korean soldiers shouting out in Chinese. (""bu zhi dao!"")Noone on online if you're into MP (really, not a single solitary person)"
,Recommended,223100,30408897,Posted: 9 March,all,Silphen,"I got Homefront: The Revolution on sale. I've played it for a few hours and honestly, the game (for the most part) is much better than the reviews stated.The single player story is well done thus far. I'm loving it! I also enjoy how they made it to where you basically have 5-6 base weapons, but each base weapon has 2 additional kits to buy for it, changing the weapon slightly, or entirely! (My battle rifle can turn into a multi-grenade launcher!? XD)My gripes about the games lie in mechanics. Example, you're trying to take a base...and the AI's just keep spawning and spawning and spawning, they literally do not stop...Ammo capacities are not high in this game and ammo points are rare. So I've reached a point in the game where I can no longer even bother taking over zones, just streamlining story missions instead. Silencer would counter this, but oh wait....the only gun in the game that appear to work with it is the pistol, which deals like 0 damage with a silencer on it...or the pnuematic pistol, which has the worst accuracy in the game (auto-silenced mod for the pistol that shakes super bad).The multiplayer, is dead. I mean dead dead. I queue up for ANY mission for ANY difficulty, and no lobbies are found. Can't even play an entire mode simply due to community issue XDI got the game on sale, and the story mode + DLC stories honestly were worth it (extra 3$). But with the issues it's suffering as far as multiplayer (lack thereof) and AI spawning (too much in some areas, none at all in others) it probably isn't worth full price."
76561197988994736,Recommended,223100,30532714,Posted: 15 March,all,thejoche,"Ahh Homefront Revolution....must maligned last year. In fact, I'm pretty sure I saw it  on most worst games of 2016. I gotta tell you, though, they were wrong. I feel like there was a lot of bandwagon jumpint then. Yes, its not one of the best games of 2016, but it is incredibly further from the worst. I played much worse games last year. There are bugs in this game, particularly where it pertained to some AI behavior when there were a lot of characters on screen, but I never encountered any game breaking bugs, like those paraded on youtube. I found the story engaging and interesting. I truly enjoyed the single player experience and I hope that someone gets a chance to continue it sometime in the future. I would recommend getting this game if you see it under $30. 8/10"
,Recommended,223100,26512922,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,DocRob,So much better than the first one. Great game.
76561197980936896,Recommended,223100,30420233,Posted: 9 March,all,Vlad,"Purchased game in March 2017. A very fun shooter, seems to be patched up and is very stable. Open world game play, very similar to Far Cry. Great graphics, beatiful landscapes. Many people had complained at the early release, but it is absolutely good right now. I can definitely recommend it 100% now."
,Recommended,223100,30420309,Posted: 9 March,all,∀x.(Me(x)∧Player(x)) → Pro(x),Assassins creed meets FPS.
,Recommended,223100,30015179,Posted: 18 February,all,JD,"It's a cool game!Not as amazing as the first one, but it's playable, a few glitches and stuff, nothing that bad!Buy on sale, if you wanna try it out!"
,Not Recommended,223100,31761214,Posted: 14 May,all,Iskukip,"Honestly one of the worst games i've played in a good while, Visually this game does all right but everything from the clunky controls to the 2004 animations this game really is terrible.Guns are terrible, Enemy AI is the worst ive seen since ... since ... well Battlefield 2 bots had better AI.Homefront 1's gun mechanics really were bloody amazing, a fun game to play but this instead gave us a pointless open world and f**cked the other features to death.""Oh God Please No"" / 10"
,Recommended,223100,31579014,Posted: 6 May,all,Kobolt,"It ain't bad... not good, but good enough to kill a good 60 hours on."
,Recommended,223100,31687461,Posted: 11 May,all,DiabolicDreams,"This game does NOT deserve the hate and flack it seems to get from a lot of users. It's not a CoD clone and I think thats why most reviewers disliked it.It's set up like Far Cry 3. You have a huge city to roam and shoot in, you liberate bases and try to eradicate the Korean army from your home town. Customizable weapons and even dirtbikes to help you get around faster. The shooting feels great and the enviroment looks amazing. Collectables and hidden caches to find help fill the game out.Random events such as helping civilians or taking out armored conveys will pop up while you are already on a mission and add diversity to the gameplay.I personally have not encountered any bugs or invisible enemies as others have mentioned seeing. Im guessing  that was launch issues and as far as I can tell they have been fixed.I'm having a blast with this game and it's definitely worth the sale price. Sure it's a Far Cry 3/4 clone but a damn good one with a bleak and interesting setting.There is NO online competitive MP. CoD and Battlefield pretty much have that market cornered so Homefront instead implemented a CO OP mission mode that can be challening but rewarding.If you see this game for sale, get it, you wont regret it."
76561198006842388,Recommended,223100,29141440,Posted: 9 January,all,Juice Drinker,"Super good co-op. The game isn't perfectly polished but it has more than it's fair share of perfectly entertaining aspects to it. Cool stealth, choose-your-own-route style open objectives, enemy AI is a good balance of tough and smart, graphics and intricate visual details are incredible, interesting variety of mission types, the game challenges you to be fast / accurate / smart, every time you think the game is going slow you'll find an upgradable perk to fit your need like reload speed or consumable improvements, you can craft from items found from a simple set of equipment between battles or in the midst of gunfire in a pinch but it's more dangerous which is thrilling, vehicles which are menacing but combatable, in-game assistance from NPC's ready to fight by your side, great dystopian style atmosphere and social commentary, character and weapon customization which improves not only visuals but impacts your strength in battle, satisfying headshot acknowledgement, radar which doesn't make the game too easy by only revealing enemies temporarily, particle effects and weapon tracers look slick...need I go on?"
76561198001929984,Recommended,223100,30396523,Posted: 8 March,all,SOF Scorpion CZ,"For 11,99€ the freedom fighter bundle. A great deal and a good game."
76561197982951320,Recommended,223100,30396547,Posted: 8 March,all,Freak (Redjik),"My opinion would be to ignore the bad reivews. Most of them appear to be from two kinds of people: Impatient children and gamers who didn't realize what they were getting into and simply do not enjoy this type of game. You get to free roam killing people which includes asking other revolutionaries to tag along and help you out. You have vehicles, guns, executions and stealth. Variey of weapons, attachments and stealth items/tools including some stuff thats not so much necessary as it is just simply fun. The story itself isn't bad but I would say it's so far fairly unimaginative once you've read the game title however the characters and dialogue are flavorful enough to even that out just fine.I probably would've found the game worth the $40 regular price although I seriously doubt I would've ever tried it at that rate if I were being honest. But for the $10 USD it currently sits at while on sale, it was a great deal with no regrets. I look forward to finishing it and the DLC now."
,Not Recommended,223100,28871226,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,WILWEN12691,"after purchasing this game, this is my review+ graphic is beautiful+ far cry based game with north korean invasion on america+ weapon customization + conversion- BUG BUG BUG!!!- story is not too interesting- weapon attachments not pleasing me, need more of them or add camo customization55/100 from me65/100 if bug has solved"
,Recommended,223100,32924166,Posted: 28 June,all,MAH NAME IS JEFFF,The Co-Op alone is worth it on sale. Pick it up and have a blast.
,Not Recommended,223100,33830606,Posted: 27 July,all,RAZZLE DAZZLE,"The first one was WAY better.The story is stupid to say the least but the gameplay is 'fun'.Is fun for the first 3-4-X missions, but then it's the same everytime, it gets boring.Also the resistance story is: ""Brady do this, Brady do that, Braddy this is the plan go do it.""I loved the first one (RIP THQ) and I hated this."
,Recommended,223100,34074150,Posted: 6 August,all,Lord Salishan,Surprisingly addictive and very fun shooter. The (current) 54 metacritic score is absurd.
,Recommended,223100,29968620,Posted: 16 February,all,ノア,"A little bit like Metro 2033 and Wolfenstein in an open world. Yet not with 2033s atmosphere or Wolfensteins Style. Still, it was a one of my favorite Shooter in the past Years."
76561198017162085,Recommended,223100,25440644,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Samthesham,"I have only played it for two hours, I must say I like it and so far I have had NO issues on how it run on my system. Frame rates are 60 for the most part and as low as 40 yet rarely. It's a thumbs up from me."
,Recommended,223100,25381446,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,thefahrbachs,i loved the game amazing. story was great but the only thing i wish was in the game was like a freeplay mode where when you beat the game you could just go around and play around do whatever you want complete some more side missions if thats what you like everyday for the past two weeks i go to get on here and play some more but cant because i beat the game but i love it
,Recommended,223100,25455481,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,loktar,"I actually don't mind it, better than a large chunk of early access trash I've played and on sale costs much less."
,Recommended,223100,25488381,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Lapras With A Gun,"Kind of like shadow of mordor, only instead of orks you're killing norks"
,Recommended,223100,25489174,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Tri,"its fun and simple gameplay is solid, havnt encountered many bugs."
,Recommended,223100,23672227,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Sloth  Boi,Some people wilol sya its a bad game but its not. Is it a 10/10...... no its more like 6.5 to 7 / 10. it is fun.  all the stuff to do in it is a little repetative and easy but it is still gooddont fall into the propaganda by the norks (aka the people who say its bad) and play it
,Not Recommended,223100,26085505,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,VWActiveVW,ซื้อข้าวให้หมาคุ้มกว่า
76561198027189220,Recommended,223100,23142355,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Spartan,"Before I Begin this game is a Good game and that I enjoyed it, However just like with every game it has its bugs. From the FPS drops, Changes/Confusion/Turns in the Storyline/Dialogue that where confusing, the trouble with Multiplayer & the Little to no Tie in to the First Homefront Game, where the Only problems with the game that I Found.HOWEVER the general Outline of the story, progression, Weapon customization, level design where all really good and I really enjoyed it. Yes this game has had bad Backing and Reviews so Far but the Way I look at it is the Only True Review that someone can give or the Only True feedback someone can give is YOURSELF. Everyone has their own things that they like as Everyone is Different. So Try out the game because YOU want to."
76561198080755834,Not Recommended,223100,23384708,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,chee878,Really want to play the game but it crashes nearly every time a gun is fired
,Recommended,223100,28689875,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Col. V.Gambino | 303,"Just bought the game, Just started the first area. It's alot like farcry. So far the story is ok, And the gameplay is fine. I don't understand why people gave it such bad reviews. IF you like farcry you WILL like this game.Edit: Just finshed the game, It was good. I still can't understand why it got bad reviews??? Yes, the AI is not the best but it was still fun."
76561198079921779,Recommended,223100,28690493,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Denied_Anal,"Im a casual gamer, i played the first homefront and i liked it and this one is good aswell. the game style reminds me of shadow of mordor as in both games you capture outposts to expand your map and you have upgrades for your weapons. dont buy the freedom fighter pack just the base game when its on sale."
,Recommended,223100,28708814,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,MadMonkey119,Grab on Sale (Under $15)Pretty simple mindless fun that will certainly bring out your patriotism. Feels like a depressing urban Far Cry with a story that  isn't as good. The graphics and performance are great. Stealth mechanics and enemy spawning leave a little to be desired but over all a quality purchase when discounted.
,Recommended,223100,29309089,Posted: 16 January,all,psy,Pros - Storyline is pretty coolInterestingCons - Minor bugsVery less weapon choice!Totally Worth it though.
,Not Recommended,223100,23390844,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,mcngwun,"They took me for my money, make sure they don't take you for yours.  Initially came in because I thought modifying your AR lower with a different caliber upper was awesome but what I found was lack of variety in weaponry (lack of usefulness of weapons) repetitive buggy ""tasks"" to complete, and just an overall mediocre at best experience.  When one would say that the original Homefront was better, you know this game has problems."
76561198049478283,Recommended,223100,31451703,Posted: 29 April,all,aquatic_octopus,"This game was very intense, and it kept my attention for a long time.  The story is very in-depth and so wonderful.  There are a few bugs, but nothing that ruins the game.  This is one of my favorite campain-based games and was very fun to play.  The story in my opinion was the most in-depth and interesting story i have ever seen in a game i have played.  Overall this was a wonderful game."
76561198128075408,Not Recommended,223100,23245025,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,SOYZUKI,"Imagine buying a car, it looked cool in the pictures, drove smooth in the TV ad and gave you a sense that life would be better when you owned your very own. The price was reasonable, it had all the parts, but when you get in the door opens with screech, the key required a little force to get into the ignition and it reluctantly starts up after turning over a few times.Your first ride is rough and bumpy, there's strange noises coming from everything, so you find yourself deviating from your course home to feel out the problems with a few detours, twists and turns, trying to pinpoint the issues it seems to have with the steering. The air-con doesn't seem to hold the right temperature, so you wind down the electric window, only to find there's a slight stutter as it drops a few steps, rather than giving a smooth wind. The stereo is only picking up a few stations with a bit of static, you can't find a good song and the talkback channels are a bit annoying, the off switch doesn't seem to work, so you just have to turn the volume down to 0%. You wanna have a cigarette to calm your nerves and frustration, but there's no lighter or ash tray, even so, you can't be bothered pulling into the 7-Eleven to buy a lighter, because you just wanna get the damn thing home and assess the whole deal, so you just imagine how good it would have been to have a smoke with your cool new ride.You've driven around in the built up areas for a while now, the GPS has led you astray a few times and the route path seems quite disjointed, so you decide to jump on the freeway and open up before you dump it home and watch a movie to get your mind off things, there only seems to be four gears that grind into place even with the softest clutch control, and the engine has a limiter on, so you can't even let some frustration out by breaking the speed limit, but even then, the fuel gauge starts beeping and you've just hit reserve level.You get it Home and park out Front, giving the thing a bit of gas in neutral to test The engine Revolution, which is a little underwhelming, but for some reason you're not entirely upset, but more disappointed with your new car, it has a slightly unique shape and colour from other cars, but the same stock-standard cheaply sourced parts from various suppliers, that don't seem to have been oiled or put together properly. Quality control was probably a bit slack, and you get the feeling this model was rushed into production to meet demand.You find yourself having to shoulder-barge the door open to get out, the button doesn't work to remotely lock the doors and set the alarm, so you have to go back and lock it manually. Pulling the key out, you realise the back left tire is flat, but you just walk inside and throw the car keys on the floor, crack open a nice cold beer and wonder why you hadn't read any reviews about the car, waited a little longer before buying a brand new model or just taken it back to the dealer instead of driving all the way home. You're not entirely bummed though, it may be because you're equipped with those silly human traits of faith and hope, so you decide you'll leave it for a while, wait for a tow truck and let the mechanics sort it out eventually, because with a bit of oil, some fine tuning and a few added features, this car could one day be a sweet ride. But for now, you'll just use your trusty old whip to get you around."
76561198165815195,Not Recommended,223100,23148098,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Eddie Mcintosh,this game ( hahahaha ) IS BY FAR THE WORST FPS ON THE MARKET IT DID NOT MEET EXPECTATIONS THE STORYLINE (HAHAHAHAHAHAHA) IS NOT EVEN WORTH IT THE AIM NO DONT GET E STARTED YOU WOULD THINK YOU JUST HAD 50 SHOTS OF VODKA THE GRAPHICS LOOK LIKE NOTHING IN TRAILERS ITS JUST SUCH A SAD GAME IT IS NOT WORTH YOUR TIME OR YUR MONEY PLEASE READ THIS REVIEW BECAUSE ALL TH FANBOYS ARE GONNA BE LIKE NOOOOOO ITS JUST YOUR PC SO YEAH DONT BUY THIS GAME PLEASE
76561198049907267,Not Recommended,223100,23245093,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,popgrisana,This game is very bad.It has bug very much and I can't play game over 10 minutes because it game freezes.I reinstall this but It does not help matters.
76561198149479689,Not Recommended,223100,23120139,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Yigit Cevher ☣,Game sucksI give it back
,Not Recommended,223100,23267123,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Sneakyfranko,"I am writing this with a heavy heart i wanted to enjoy this game ,but its nothing like the original its a open world piece of crap that killed the experience of the original Homefront"
,Recommended,223100,25510706,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,somber,"The game has a very epic story and the gameplay is amazing! customization, driving over ramps with bikes and jumping off rooftops whilst shooting at the enemy... I don't understand why the game is getting hate? must be all the Asian gamers out there getting offended by the storyline! x'D"
76561198209806513,Not Recommended,223100,24558803,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,bohermore23,painful to play
,Recommended,223100,32094708,Posted: 31 May,all,Höllenfeuer,Biji Simulator+Molotof+RPG+Daha çok Molotof+RPG dışında patlayıcı alternatifiBu oyun sayesinde sizde ufak bir biji olabilirsiniz
76561197998047839,Not Recommended,223100,23318936,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,H_Lemos,"Finished in just over 10hrs on the hardest difficulty. Run around from zone to zone, objectives are all the same. The whole turn your mk14 into a rocket launcher ideia is absurd. Lack of weapon variety when compared to the original. To sum it up in one word. Meh"
,Recommended,223100,30419872,Posted: 9 March,all,| IRS | 1deadblawer,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥for 10 dollars it's actually worth it, other wise then that stay far away from it."
,Not Recommended,223100,25479196,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Master Miller,"I could forgive a lot of thing, repetative mission, poor optimization, but one thing forgive i cant - disgusting checkpoint system"
,Recommended,223100,30424123,Posted: 10 March,all,juhos3000,"After reading all kinds of mixed reviews i bought this game, now after 3 hours this game seems to be well worth of 10 bucks. i recommend to grab it from sale for full price... meh. I DO LIKE THIS"
,Recommended,223100,23050945,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Travakh,"This game is basically Dying Light but instead of zombies you're killing KoreansEven though it gets repetitive and there's stuttering on a machine that really should have no performance problems (plus the near criminal lack of multiplayer when the first Homefront's MP was what carried it), there's something fairly satisfying each time you knife a Korean sniper"
,Recommended,223100,30378263,Posted: 7 March,all,zina,extremely reptitive game. You will be doing the samething over and over again for each zone minus the few cinematic experinces they have in the game to progress the story. Gunplay is ok but nothing revolutionary. I personally did not find myself changing the load out of my guns at all. LOTS of bugs where if you destroy a box and not hit the generator inside or kill the boards to open a bridge but then die they will be bugged! Bugs like this have been in the game since the start and they still havent fixed it. Overall its what you expect it to be nothing that makes you say wow just another slightly above average shooter...
,Recommended,223100,35288802,Posted: 29 September,all,Thorndancer,"First, I loved this game. Loved it. I've played in through from start to finish three times now (twice with all the DLC). As shooters go it's way above average. Good story. Interesting gameplay. Great gun system. Challenging at times. Puzzles, stealth, and more straight out adrenaline on some maps than I've seen in a long time (and I play a LOT of AAA FPS games).Why the mixed reviews and haters? Well it launched with some technical issues (I bought it after the patches came out) particularly on the console versions. I play on PC, and I've had no problems at all.Like many reviewers I was very disappointed with the original Homefront game, but this reboot has redeemed the franchise in my eyes. It has some of the most realistic levels I've played in ages. What makes it so much fun for me is that they really nailed the feeling (during *gameplay* - not just because of the story or cutscenes) that you're a resistance fighter in a post-apocalyptic situation.I totally recommend this game. Can't wait to see if they make another one."
,Recommended,223100,23127973,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Your Stalinist Uncle,"Easily could have been one of the best games i have ever played.This game could use more optimization, but other than that its great.Guerilla warfare was executed perfectly,played through the whole game on the hardest difficulty and you learn to really fear the enemy,Its great and i loved it, good job to the developers,HOWEVER.The frame rate and computer optimization lacked severely.I was strongly disappointed by this,If you have a good computer, i recommend it.if you just make minimal req, i dont."
76561197993130821,Not Recommended,223100,25223854,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,WarbloW,"Game is unfinished, Full of bugs etc. etc. Waste of money. Enemies spawn behind of your back in corner you just cleared. You get stuck in objects. I dont normaly rage quit games, this one made me do it 3 times in same day."
76561198056269524,Not Recommended,223100,23092660,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Morgzie_101,"buggy game, died and just sat there for 5 min after selecting restart from checkpoint and nothing happened, quit to main menu and tried to load back into campaign and nothing happened, 3/10"
,Not Recommended,223100,23095293,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,{ Crogeniks },"Bought the game even if the rating are low, gave the game a try. It's exactly the type of game I was searching for, Single-Player FPS.However, the game keeps crashing at the same point. Save file doesn't load."
,Not Recommended,223100,30439637,Posted: 10 March,all,Hemipheistos,"Definition of a very ""meh"" game... could not even finish the main story, so many copy&paste missions and annoying map layout. The AI is so hillariously dumb (specially the friendly ones) even a creeper from minecraft would outplay them.If you really wanna waste some time of your life then get this when its on sale, but i really do not recommend it.4/10 - good if you have insomnia, helps to fall asleep"
76561198085042766,Recommended,223100,30385878,Posted: 7 March,all,fragkou_ant,is a very good and exciting game for all and now with the discount dont loose it
,Recommended,223100,23797501,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,HuntedNord,Bought a Marksman rifle. getting ready to snipe. get a new addon for it. its now a rocket launcher.  okay. sure.I must say that this game is not the best game i have played. but it is entertaining and i find it fun to play.
,Not Recommended,223100,23091956,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Prince Sigvald The Magnificent,"wtf.. NOBODY playing coop.. :o SO THIS IS HOW BADLY OPTIMIZED THIS GAME IS ?ALL SETTINGS MAXED OUT AT 1080P EXCEPT SHADOWS AT HIGH AND SSAA TURNED TO 1xAA (NORMAL) AND I GET ONLY ABOUT 40-50 FPS ON GTX970 OC, I7 3770K, 16 GB RAM SETUP.. WTF ??!! REALLY? and fps drops to as low as mid-30s when in combat with KPA.. dont have any idea how will it perform on a GTX 1080SLI set up! I would recommend just refunding this game lol !!!!! :D Its worse than even Arkham Knight at launch -_- ATLEAST ARKHAM KNIGHT HAD LIKE REALLY GOOD GAMEPLAY AND THIS?? LOL NOT EVEN CLOSE -_- JUST FORGET THIS GAME AND UNFROTUNATE BUYERS SIMPLY CLICK REFUND :)))))))))))))))))))))))))"
,Recommended,223100,26128521,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Siri,Its system is look alike Far Cry3 but its OK for me because it isn't like Far cry theme
76561198072409086,Not Recommended,223100,26624424,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Guerrand,"Boring and repetitive gameplay.Story is not compelling in the least bit.Characters are cliche and 1 dimensional.I wouldn't recommend buying this game until it goes on sale for less than $5, and even then you'd still be paying too much. What  a huge let-down this game is."
,Recommended,223100,26139084,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Eridius,"If you liked Far Cry, you'll probably like this game too. Similar open world w/stronghold mechanics. And the weapon system is really unique and clever and I like it. I don't finish most games, but I expect I'll make it to the end of this one.Also, unlike most similar games, I feel like enemy bullets are actually truly dangerous and it's easy to be stupid and get yourself killed. It takes very little damage to bring your health low, and it takes a long time to recover if you don't use a health kit. If you don't use cover or actually pay attention to your surroundings, you can die pretty fast. And I think this is a very good thing, it keeps the character from feeling overpowered even when you have a good arsenal, and it avoids the problem of enemy bullets just not feeling threatening. And conversely, enemies don't take too many bullets to kill either."
,Recommended,223100,26404978,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Tapawingo,"It's a lot better than what people say, I can only imagine what the bugs must have been like because it's genuinely a fun game. Is it the best thing ever? No, but from the bit I played of it you could do way worse."
,Recommended,223100,29993349,Posted: 17 February,all,Kaiser Kane,"I agree with a lot of the more recent reviews. A lot of the issues at release have been fixed. It's still a little clunky in parts, but if you can get it on sale, it's a fun playthrough with some relatively minor issues."
76561197961246122,Recommended,223100,25595579,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,I__Am__Dave,"Homefront: The Revolution was one of the games that I was looking forward to playing this year being a fan of the Far Cry series, however, when it launched with so many performance issues and bugs I didn't bother to buy it. Now they have since optimised the performance and fixed a large number of bugs, I decided to give it a try the weekend where it was available for free. I have to say that in its current form I would definitely recommend this game to anyone who enjoys open world games and particularly if you like the Far Cry mechanics. Although it is still not perfect, and certainly could have taken its potential further but it is still a great game in its own right.This is the first review I've ever written on Steam, and I felt like after such a poor reception the game first received it was only fair to give a positive account of my experience given the effort the devs have clearly gone to to put the game right.Pros:Beautiful graphicsVaried game styles (Yellow zone stealth, Red zone aggressive)Tried and tested Far Cry formulaWeapon customisationRC Car bombs!Cons:Unlikeable alliesNo reason for your character to be a muteRidiculously fast respawns for the yellow zone Hearts and Minds activitiesLoot system could be more varied (e.g weapon mods, more craftable items)I'd give this a solid 75% in its curent state and would highly recommend it if you can pick it up on sale. I purchased it, after trying it for free, at 40% off so it was £17.99. At that price it's well worth it"
76561197972507226,Recommended,223100,30399851,Posted: 8 March,all,-Ghost-,"Actually not all that bad, despite its reviews. The game ran pretty well and the basic gameplay core was good. The story didn't really draw me in, but it was fun to run around for awhile clearing out zones. I think it would have benefitted from more diverse areas, since it basically just broke down to story areas, city/secure areas, and wartorn areas and they all felt samey after awhile.The weapon customization was fun, and the coop mission mod they added was surprisingly fun to play, even solo due to the various unlocks you can get and the fact that they're actually pretty tough. Overall I enjoyed my 20 or so hours. I probably won't replay it, but it was a good game at the discounted price I got it at (about $20 at the time)."
76561198053187391,Not Recommended,223100,23318425,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Dystopia,"Really wanted this game to be good, I'd of loved to of give a positve review. As I haven't finished this game and don't really intend to I can't speak of the later campain.Starting off with the first few mission on the game it seemed like it was going to be very story driven introducing you to the characters and making out you were relatively new to this ""freedom fighter"" role. After the first few missions are over you're thrown into a massively open world with no real sense of purpose, you'll get your main missions that are accessed through your phone that seem to send you to a new area everytime and then there's a load of side missions that don't seem to progress anything at all and there is no consequence to not doing them.Then you have the zone capturing to get on with slowly freeing the area from the KPA and if the first zone is anything to go by you might as well not bother because it will get rid of the enemies and well... there's just no point, weapons and equipment all seem tied to the main mission regardless of these zones.Yellow zones play out a little differently as you can pretend you're a civilian in these areas and supposedly blend in with  the crowd, yet for some reason every guard instantly recognises you like you're some big shot rebel guy even after only one mission. When you're spotted in these zones you'll get an alert status meaning every guard in the area will start shooting you and actively persue you, so you'll have to hide as endless waves of enemies will spawn until the alert status has passed.The multiplayer is kind of fun for a bit but I only really got a few hours out of it as it only has like 5 missions, you can get new gear and such from supply boxes which just give you random crap, as far as I can tell you just need to buy weapon packs until you have the weapon you want but it really is pointless because there's a really limited amount of missions to use them on.Well to sum it up I'm just really dissapointed, I loved the first game as it felt like you were actually helping america fight for freedom in this one it just feels like you're mindlessly following the star shaped objective marker.0/10"
,Not Recommended,223100,23101163,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Flexit PC BROKE,"Alot of people thinks that homefront 1 was a♥♥♥♥♥♥game. Which i DO NOT agree with. The story was ""meh"" but the multiplayer was alot of fun.But heres the problem. First of all this game does not have multiplayer like in homefront 1, only ""coop"". And the frame rate is horribble. I had big hopes about this game but nah. I do not recommend this"
76561198130659206,Not Recommended,223100,23190614,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,TheLegend27,The amount of time says how entertaining this game was
,Not Recommended,223100,23296988,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,TheGame.,just... *sigh* just buy this game in a sale. dont pay 60 €/$ for this.
76561198042024451,Recommended,223100,26958936,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,jamie.steel,"For nomination of ""Game within a Game"" award. Finding timesplitters in this game caught me totally off guard. Was so engrossed I forgot I was playing homefront.For the game itself, it had a lot of potential and played surprisingly well. I didn't ever get the feeling that I could take on the world, which is exactly what I wanted in a Guerrilla warfare type game.However, the gadgetry could do with being a bit fleshed out. Plus the enemy AI could've used a bit of work. I think I actually enjoyed the story of the first homefront more tbh.With respect to multiplayer, as much as I liked the multiplayer in the original homefront, I'm not particularly bothered its gone."
76561198067167907,Not Recommended,223100,23044285,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Grand Wizard,"Day One Review:• After a plethora of cutscenes I was finally able to move about. To my inevitable disappointment, there was extreemely sluggish mouse movement. This comes as no surprise given that this is a port (Fairly common issue). There was apparent mouse smoothing and mouse acceleration; which I hate with a burning passion. I searched through the settings to see if I could disable it. Aparently it's incredibly difficult to provide PC players with the ability to disable these options. Since I was desperate to effectively aim I also searched through the game folder and could not find a config file of any sort.• I also experienced many texure issues. Not missing texures or anything like that, just textures protruding through other texures. I don't know if its my high standards or not, but I found the graghics to be pretty mediocre.• The optimization seems a bit bad considering wasn't getting a consistant framerate with a GTX 980 TI on ultra in 1920x1080 (I also have 16 gigs of ddr4 ram and a 4th gen intel core i7, 3.6, just in case you might think that was the issue.)All in all, after a very short play-time, I experienced multiple bugs (which is inevitable for a AAA day one release) and I would wait a bit to buy the game. Unless the above issues don't bother you, you should have a smooth playing experience, if you can even run the game... I hope this helps."
,Recommended,223100,23058608,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Razika,"First, I would like to say that I think all the hate for this game is a bit misplaced. To many reviewers base their reviews solely on how well the game runs. I think that it is an important factor yes, but people should review on content as well.Does the game stutter, or suffer from graphical problems. Yes. Slightly. I am used to running Fallout, skyrim, MGS:TPP, Killing Floor 2, Elite Dangerous, basically everything I own on high or max settings with 60fps. Currently I am running about 47-50fps on the ""High"" settings. There was some tearing and choppiness, but turning on V-sync helps.There are complaints about lip syncing being bad. My answer to that is, ""Have you played any video game, ever?"" I don't think I have ever seen a game with perfect lip sync, or even what I would call great. Mouths are hard to animate. Get over it. If you really care so much about lip syncing, that that kills the game for you, you need to lighten your standards.Now, IN TERMS OF ACTUAL GAME PLAY AND CONTENT!!!I would say this is definitely worth a purchase. Try it. I found the whole Koreans invading the US a bit Red-Dawn esque, but if you can get by it, the story is not half bad. I am only in about an hour or so, but everything has been pretty solid so far.MOVEMENT/GUNPLAY: Movement handles pretty much how you would expect from a CryEngine game. It can be a bit blocky. Yes, your character moves slow, but what you have to realize is that this isnt Halo or COD where you just run around and shoot people in turbo mode. You are outnumbered, outgunned, and outclassed in about every way, so moving slow is essential to make sure you dont run smack into a patrol and die.  The gunplay is crisp and rewarding, and it feels good when your bullets find their mark. I think people have gotten too used to being super soldiers, and expect too much flashy gunplay. While it doesn't suffer the ""cap gun"" feel of COD and some other games, the gun sounds could use more ""oomph"" to them.AI: While I have only had about an hour to examine the AI, I will say that I have been more impressed with other games, but that being said, I have definitely seen much worse AI, in more popular games. Have the people complaining about the AI ever played a Bethesda game, like ever??? The enemy AI seems pretty keen, and I have deliberately fired shots just to see how well their ""search"" mechanic feels, and I think it is pretty good. You definitely feel like you are being searched for, rather than the AI just going through the motions.Is it worth 60 bucks? I think so. To the rapid-fire, ADD-like, spastic pewdiepie generation, it might bee too slow for you. I am playing on the normal difficulty, and I have died several times in firefights, but never have I felt cheated or gypped. You will die after being shot a few times. Welcome to real life pal. No BS overshields, no health regen that babies you. Preparation and thoughtful execution of your objectives will give you satisfying payoffs and make you feel like you really worked to liberate that stronghold, or find those supplies.TL:DRBottom line; Don't let the negative hype decide for you. Buy it, put an hour into it, and decide for yourself. You can always refund."
76561198044288306,Recommended,223100,23446615,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,APimpnamedslickback,"Not as bad of a game as people have been saying. I think people set the bar too high.Positives:Story line is excellentThe world is belivable and fun to explore and lootThe graphics in this game KICK♥♥♥♥♥(Not the best out there but pretty good)Negatives:LAckluster framerates at times.GlitchesBut what game HASN'T been shipped with those problems?With a few patches overtime, most if not all of these bugs will be fixed, so I'm not even fronting about that."
76561198074865210,Not Recommended,223100,23091823,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,newihzeellehcar,This game suckIT WON'T LET ME LAUNCH THE GAMEIT SAYS press enter to beginI KEEP SPAMMING ENTER NOTING HAPPENEDPLEASE TELL ME
,Not Recommended,223100,23047475,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Volken Víðarr,"Not worth the full price.AI Mapping is ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥No guns.Can't even pick up Koraen weapons.Story is flat and makes no sense At all, The orginal homefront made a hella lot more sense.Boring Far Cry like, Invade the castle bs.(At least far cry had guns. And fun ones)No Multiplayer(Wtf?, That was the best thing about Homefront 1 what a joke for a full price game to?)CooP is boring, as usual.Just beat the game, Nothing was in it. Had everything almost at the start. Nothing left to do.I really wish i could get my money back i didn't know it was going to be This ♥♥♥♥ign ♥♥♥♥♥♥."
,Not Recommended,223100,24301141,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Spooky5.56,i like the concept of the game but the in isnt worth 60 dollars more like 15 - 20
,Not Recommended,223100,23092409,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,spkraker1,"I have two gtx 98 tis and i can barely get it to run at 60 in 1080p.  The frame rate sucks so bad, that I won't even try until they fix it."
,Recommended,223100,23048261,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Dutchoper72,"After putting in some hours, I have to admit this is a really interesting game. You can not compare this to the first one, since you are on the east coast this time. I do not know where in the time line this is, but if i had to guess, its a bit more in the future by maybe 2-5 years since some of the units like the drone tanks have a different apperance.The game play is like Farcry, but in a more realistic setup, so no magic tattos or trible stuff. The weapons are very interesting, since my battle rifle can turn into a rocket launcher, or my crossbow into a flamethrower. Now I have 6 hours in, but I have only 100%'ed the first 2 zones. The story is engaging, and have the ability to instill riots (like zone 2) or able to recruit fighters to help....its pretty fun.So far I have not noticed frame rate issues, of course i'm playing around the middle on graphics..which still looks nice. Sometimes the A.I can be dumb, but hey I've seen worse.I would recommend it for the price, however I have not played co-op, only the storyline so far, and from what I have played, I could see it being around 30 hours of game time for the SP alone."
76561198006888815,Not Recommended,223100,24464861,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,leatherneck1775,"This game sucks the sweat off a dead man's balls !!!!!  I pre purchased the game and installed it when it became available.  This was my worst mistake.   From day 1, I could not get started due to the extremely slow and choppy framerate.  No matter what I did, I could not get it to run correctly.  All I can say is be warned....... This game is a real Piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥!!!!!"
76561198055839811,Not Recommended,223100,23838001,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,"'\"";᧠№̧̛̟͕͖͎̒̉͑̅̎",Worst hacking simulator
,Recommended,223100,28549070,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,The Semen Arsonist,"People hate this game, but what other game allows you to get blue balls by Anne Frank?http://www.imdb.com/name/nm0853364/?ref_=tt_cl_t2"
76561198043450950,Not Recommended,223100,31602433,Posted: 7 May,all,Deblob,"I want this game to attend my funeral so it can let me down one last time. The developers must have been the Mr. Potato Head collection because the gameplay is dull and repetitive, as well as frustatingly glitchy. The graphics designer must be colour blind and autistic because if I'm not looking through walls, I'm looking at smudged objects and buildings where it makes GTA Vice City look good. The voice acting is odd to say the least because the main character must have multiple names, the survival aspect is just plain dumb as the game is so linear theres no point. I can't compare this game to any game released in the last 3 years and honestly feels like a time warp to 2006 because thats what the graphics and gameplay feels like. The developers should honestly start to look at different employment oppotunites because giving people cancer through their products doesn't help anyone.All in all, this game is worse than flushing the money to buy the game down the toliet because at least the toliet doesn't make me frustrated or waste my time."
,Recommended,223100,23263030,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Nenad Mikovic,"I don't get all the hate comments for this game, it's a really good game once you play it for a few hours. It has an awesome campaign, a good story and a bunch of things you can do once you finish it. The only thing that kind of bothers me is that it can bug out sometimes, like getting stuck for no reason and stuff like that. Also, I wish it was better optimized for PCs, but whatever."
,Not Recommended,223100,29846447,Posted: 11 February,all,Rufio,"Bugfront: The Revolution.Also a pretty sub-par game overall. Imagine regretting buying a game on a 75%+ sale, it's homefront the revolution in a nutshell."
76561197970582046,Not Recommended,223100,23279986,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,GreyWolf,"Okay massive fan of the first Homefront it had flaws but the campaign just clicked with me cheesy 80's throw back story arcadey fps loved it. The sequel oh wow so much wasted potential, first off if you were hoping to pick up at the end of Homefront nope ignores it completely.Combat wise well it's an fps you point you shoot enemies die. It does not have deep mechanics but it does have a pretty good weapon customization design. You can basically turn any of the 6/7 main types of gun into three other weapons for example the pistol can be converted to an SMG and to a silcenced single shot pistol etc.The AI is pretty basic playing on Normal difficulty they seem to run straight at you or just past you in an attempt to get to cover, though it is fairly easy to get overwhelmed in the more combat intensive red zones.The main story campaign is okay not as interesting as the first homefront story at least to me, the open world sections feel like massive padding you do the same two or three types of side mission 6/7 times you free a zone and then you move onto the next one for a total of 12 zones I am currently slogging my way through zone 6 i think at this point I doubt I will finish it.Bottom line if you want to give it a try wait for a steam sale, or a free weekend because i have a feeling the way multi player is dropping off a free event cannot be too far behind."
76561198024252812,Not Recommended,223100,23296341,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Sam,really sad... unplayable mess even on high end hardware... just read other reviews...i just ask for a refund...
76561198049617277,Recommended,223100,28543162,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Danne Mannen,Its good
76561198179290189,Recommended,223100,32410385,Posted: 14 June,all,LocoTyler,Story mode too short! ISIS member hereby sincerely wishing everyone Selamat Allahu Akbar.
76561198017017692,Not Recommended,223100,23277917,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Hiromotion,"Most regret buying this game, tons of bugs so inconvenient in story progress"
,Recommended,223100,25208897,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,The Gaming Heretic,"Pros:Open World makes you feel like you make a differenceGun modificationLiberating areasCONS:Storyline makes no senseLinearLast Level glitch/map error makes near unwinnableRepetetiveSo.. Homefront The Revolution is a mixed bag which is why it deserves a 'mixed' review. I am going to be honest in saying that I probably like this game because of when I played the first one and how nostalgic it made me feel to play this game.Unfortunately, it felt like they did a retcon so that everything you did in Homefront 1 didn't occur. Which sucks, it was fun helping the military and seeing them in action. The fact that NORTH KOREA could do all of this to the United States is perposterious. I know they changed it from China, but going with CHina would have made it feel more real.The game play, Except for the last level, is solid and the game can be fun. The story makes no sense, and is barely logical. They create threads that they never finish - and some of the groups you see are stereotypes.I did enjoy the radio chatter as you freed different districts.. It made it feel like a real revolution as the group became more and more organized, however.Overall , It's a very mixed bag.. The game is work 30 bucks at the high end in my opinion - a solid buy at 20..  They're stealing money at 60, or even 40."
76561198002600557,Not Recommended,223100,23300562,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Thegreenman13,"I was reminded of this game about 12 hours before it came out. I purchased in haste after reading a brief overview of the Game, and as soon as I saw ""Crytek Engine"" I made my purchase.I regret that decision. It's not the worst game in the world, but the fact they are charging $60 for this unfinished, buggy title is a bit dissapointing.Graphically, not terrible, but it performs poorly even on sufficient hardware. They are supposedly supposed to improve this with upcoming patches, if so then this game is not bad in the Graphics department, but a lot of Texture work is subpar. You can tell they cut a lot of corners on this to get it out there. Lighting and overall ""look"" still trump CoD IMO, which still looks like the first Modern Warfare with better Textures and lighting. That series also suffers from performance issues.Gameplay is very basic. A lot of control point missions, nothing fancy. AI isn't great. In the end you basically run around shooting stuff, taking over bases. If that's enough to keep you occupied then you aren't going to find much else to do. It's the same stuff they've been putting out for 10+ years. Also, there's 1 vehicle, and it's a Dirt Bike. Nothing special, it gets you from Point A to Point B.I'm not going to hold a grudge against the Developers, as they were put in a crappy situation. They may still redeem themselves with future Addons\Updates, but at this time I can't recommend this game at it's current price point. I just purchased the Original Ghost Recon Series for $10 on sale and I will probably get a lot more play time from those games.-Justin"
76561197983237917,Not Recommended,223100,30416083,Posted: 9 March,all,teric,"AI is really bad, story is bland, and grindy as hell.  only up side is it got me to dig out my freedom fighters discs."
,Recommended,223100,27743008,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,🎮protibondigamer🔫,one of the worst game i've ever player -_-But co-op is too much fun man <3 fall in love with the co-op but if u dont have co-op partner then dont buy the game it will not worth the money -_-*-too much problem with the story*-repeative missions*-fu**ing bugs(now fixed myb)*-worst combat--+good grapics+good sound+good weapon customization~_~
,Not Recommended,223100,24143318,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,gwynbLeidd,"You know why I'm mad? Because I trusted you and pre-ordered your game.What have I got in return? An unplayable, stuttering, piece of you know what.To be honest, no matter how I enjoyed the world, like the idea of revolution, being not able to play the game smoothly pushes me away.This review will stay negative until I can manage to play the game the way my rig and I deserve.Anyway, what did we learn today again? We should not take anything from strangers as our mothers always say.Well done for a first timer dambuster studios, keep up the good work!"
76561197960564830,Recommended,223100,24964494,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,C4ptain_H0wdy,"Dont listen to the bad reviews,This game is awsome!.Yes there are some small glitches as with any new title with this much open world.Having a blast playing and going almost anywere I want in a huge city.The detail and AI are great.Check it out :)"
,Not Recommended,223100,23419641,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Æíxìlïmar,"The updates are slow to come out and they do not update the right♥♥♥♥♥♥ they have a terrible multiplayer, no one wants to play ♥♥♥♥ing horde mode all day, that means no TDM, CTF or anything it is all horde mode. The campaign is a bit lack luster by far one of the worst games yet, the campaign AI that you have to escort around are not on proper rails they just sit there and ram♥♥♥♥♥♥or just keep walking into it until you have to restart the hole campaign."
76561198300619173,Not Recommended,223100,23215051,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Haozhewong,Not really fun because is lagging too much and is not really realistic
,Recommended,223100,25553939,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Novojit,"Did your friend buy this game?ok , get the game asap ! Cause this Resistance co op mode ♥♥♥♥ing awesome . But sometimes you can't find any player on matchmaking except your friends :P"
76561198015631286,Not Recommended,223100,23122030,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,barkston5,Poor gameplay. Poor graphics. I have just played it for 90 minutes and become extremely bored. Not sure that I will return for another session. What a waste of my hard earned cash.
,Not Recommended,223100,31943809,Posted: 24 May,all,Capnjeego,Most average game i have ever played. only pick this up on sale if you really enjoy fps's
76561197996157711,Not Recommended,223100,28399733,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,☯~Kit-kats McLovin~☯,"No I did not play this for long. I love the graphics, the setting, the kinda feeling. I love hiding in buildings from a scanning airship and drones flying around. I love the weapons, the swapping system, even the liberation and I adore the melee kills.But then it does some things wrong, the story which I can look past, is dull and to easy to ignore since it doesn't really pull you in. The performance which again I can look past is horrible, The one thing I just couldn't stand, the one thing i couldn't do was the gameplay. The way the game played, it's just such a simple shooter. I was hoping for more depth, cover systems, refined squad tactics. Maybe I play too many simulators but I stopped playing COD for a reason and this game is why.If you want is a generic shooter to kill time then please by all means get it, but please not for more than $20 it just is not worth more than that.My performance so you can benchmark yours too mine:I hovered around 40-60FPS, 60 only in silent closed spaces with almost nothing around. While in a intense place I saw my FPS drop to 30's though this was uncommon, it usually averaged at around 40-45FPS.My Specs for comparison:Gigabyte R.990FXA-UD5 R5 MoboHyperX Fury Black 16Gig DDR3 1866Mhz RAMAsus GeForce GTX 1060 ROG STRIX OC 6GigAMD FX-8370 8-core CPU overclocked to 4.8GHzI hope this helps someone decide to get it or not. I personally did not enjoy my time. I even uploaded my time with it to YouTube."
76561198147429539,Not Recommended,223100,23095627,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,RastaFroBro,Buggy piece of crap. Do NOT support this company's screw up by buying this game
,Not Recommended,223100,30737009,Posted: 25 March,all,DeepGhosts,"This game...oh boy this is gonna be hard.So I started playing it and I was thinking ""people said♥♥♥♥♥♥about it but I still want to try it"".What was I doing to my £7?I could buy a medium pizza at Basilo,but noooooooo I just got the game instead.The story is somehow weird,I still don't understand it apart from ""go here and help these stupid civilians shoot those drones and robots look type of guys"".The weapon customization is somewhat ""good""...wait,that was a joke because I played the new SGW3 and that let me tell,that is a real ♥♥♥♥ing good customization.I'm sorry I can't give you a good reason to like this crap,yes I only played 3.5 hours but that is because I played most of it on playstation and then got it for steam because ""why not?"".Let's make it like this,you promise me not to spend more than £10/10$/10 euros (yeah my keyboard doesn't have the euro symbol...descrimination towards the european market everywhere) and I won't say you're being ♥♥♥♥ed right in the♥♥♥♥♥"
76561197961123278,Recommended,223100,25594243,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Hazuki,"Really good game i thought. It runs pretty great. The graphics and details within the world are incredible. The story while not amazing is pretty good. Surprising amount of variety in missions and how to acomplish them (not in terms of how you choose to get there more so how its set up for you to get there). The guns feel good and sound good.The game can be quite challenging at times, you are not a super hero. Damage is quite harmful in this game, so you are forced to alter your play style constantly.The game feels like playing Far Cry 3/4 but set in excellent war torn cities and towns to roam around.Its surprisingly lengthy too, if you can be bothered to find everything and capture everything for every district.Play it and make up your own mind."
76561197992898223,Not Recommended,223100,23924507,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,kiitter,"Just beat the game, may i say:I Cringed all the way through it."
,Recommended,223100,25435114,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Mommy says I'm Special,"I actually like it, or at least so far."
,Not Recommended,223100,25422318,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,💎IMpRoVe💎,just played it i m just dissapointedit has wasted potential-Grapichs looks amazing but FPS drops Are real  i7-4790 GTX 1080 Strix OC 16 GB Ram-AI is just absolute garbage spawn points are are joke most of the time they spawn in the area where you cleared seconds ago frustratingly broken as♥♥♥♥♥-Open World is Ok but doesnt giveu the feeling of a open world its just paintjob...The areas you have to liberate has 3-5 enemies u just kill em and press E on a valve or just blow up some tanks then press E on something else to liberate the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ thing no effort what so everHell even when u do %100 Riot and broadcast a massage to whole city it shows a pre-made cinematic wherre some citizens scream and♥♥♥♥♥♥like wtf you cant even hear wtf u saying.this game is just a paintjob of a horse with its grapichs but has the gameplay of a shtit just doesnt justifty the money for me maybe grab it with %60 or %50 sale
,Recommended,223100,23251839,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,waaaazzza,"The Revolution has been designed as an amazing sandbox with complex modifying weapon systems and a strong sense of guerrilla warfare.Despite some quirks, every FPS fan can stand in line along with Kim Jong-un to gather this competently crafted first person shooter.The Revolution isn't the disaster many would have anticipated, and it gets a lot right.I'm sad to see this reviewed so poorly, I got an early copy from a mom and pop shop last Friday and have been hooked ever since. It feels like a blend between Classic FPS games like Frontlines fuels of war, an urban set Far Cry, and Starbreeze titles like Darkness, Riddick, and Syndicate. Loud guns, brutal melee, and the ability to stealth everything. If you were at all interested in this game I highly recommend giving it a chance, most reviewers were probably expecting COD or something but this game offers something different. Graphics look great as well, at times look straight photo real. Another hidden gem For old school FPS fans.The game, designed with cryengine, looks amazing and the details put into every small inch are amazing."
,Recommended,223100,23270312,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Terencehill,Fantastic Future Action Game Single and Cool Multiplayer i would recommend you this game
,Recommended,223100,31652265,Posted: 9 May,all,NezEtY*,"This Game is awesome! Every penny worth! Love those special effects when u headshot somebody, its like in cinema-AMAZING! Story-perfect,interface perfect,controls-perfect. One word for the game-PERFECT game!"
,Not Recommended,223100,23296097,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,UpenAtom,Don't even bother.
76561198070338852,Not Recommended,223100,28663324,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,COYG,ummmmm i liked the 1st homefront but this 1 is just awful not even worth 3.7 $ that i paid for it :/
76561198164062413,Not Recommended,223100,24125287,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,(LeeR) Vozq,Unplayable
,Not Recommended,223100,23488246,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Omae wa mou shindeiru,i cant even play this game considering i have this problem that i cant see a damn thing. it realy pisses me of that i wasted RM120
76561198008794033,Not Recommended,223100,24367513,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Xiao Feng (SG),"This game is full of glitches, i went pass one and now i encountered yet another one (Return the Heather) where the door is blocked off. Uninstalled this game and probably wont wanna replay the entire game again any time soon in the future."
,Not Recommended,223100,23230307,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Berwind,"One hour into the campaign and three hours into the multiplayer and I don't want to bother giving this game a better chance with what I've experienced so far.With a laughable open world, sub-par texturing, bad optimization, and animations that are like moving furniture; Homefront falls well below most anything Deep Silver had anything to do with.I'm finding myself questioning why I've bothered giving the game a chance as much as I question the refund system that let my friend successfully refund this game, despite being as many hours into it as me, and myself not getting the refund.Oh; and can we talk about what a laugh the multiplayer is? I understand Homefront is primarily a single player experience, but with how bad the multiplayer is; there was no point in even including it.It massively lacks any sort of content or progression. After the few hours I've played, I've already unlocked a majority of the weapons and a good chunk of any items to affect combat. The talent trees lack depth and the only real fun thing to pick up are cosmetic items; which can hardly hold a dry multiplayer scene with a couple maps down.If I wanted to collect cosmetic rewards all day, I'll at least do it in a more captivating and rewarding gaming experience like Overwatch."
,Not Recommended,223100,24405398,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,lazherus,"In all seriousness, the developers ruined this game..... I rather play a game where the screen are just black and white wavelengths, and the goal of the game is not to play Homefront."
76561197961860435,Not Recommended,223100,23444003,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Whyte.Oni,"I'm a huge fan of this genre and was really looking forward to this game since the latest Far Cry was so far from the norm. However, even after the latest patch there are too many issues remaining. The problem is that you can patch in efficiency and remove bugs. It's a lot harder to get rid of fundamental concepts. I don't feel like I'm playing a Freedom Fighter Fantasy, because it is way too easy to die, and there is very little you can do to get better gear that will prevent that. It's not a stealth action game either, it has basic don't go where it's obvious that you shouldn't unless you want a very lopsided fight. And it's not a Live, Die, Repeat game (though you do that a lot), since randomized patrols mean that you cannot plot the perfect course to avoid detection and kill everyone ala Tom Cruise.:("
,Recommended,223100,30399275,Posted: 8 March,all,Petr0x,pretty nice
,Not Recommended,223100,26061945,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Paul,"I don't know what it is with this game, but between the aiming, interface, story, voice acting, and the lack of optimization I just couldn't enjoy this game. I played about 30 minutes and then sent in a refund request. I was hoping this would be something like the Metro series, but in a different universe; Sadly, it was just a script written by a bunch of high school interns....................."
,Recommended,223100,26497669,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Lucille,it always crashes right after the mayor gets killed dont know why otherwise its great know how to fix it?
,Recommended,223100,25441244,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,SuperJBGAMER,Loving the game so far was waiting till I could afford it but now i cna play it for 2 days. I like the gun paly in the game and the fact its an open world game where you can explore pretty much anywhere and I was a big fan of the one that was released in 2011
,Not Recommended,223100,31679562,Posted: 11 May,all,PlushDez,"AI is so dumb you can literaly just walk and stab them. With such stupidity whole story does sound like fairytale for 6 y.o. kid.Still game has pretty graphics and interesting level design, could be really fun in co-op"
,Recommended,223100,33135644,Posted: 2 July,all,Run You Fools!,"Nice Story,Graphic,Weapons,Character and Voice actors Great Job Guys"
76561198031039377,Not Recommended,223100,28774606,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,The Heavy Resistance,I would like to show you some images I got from ingame.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=828615336http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=828175177
,Recommended,223100,25713966,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,LORDDEREX (Beta),"I recommend this game, its fun.The main and side missions are fun.The story and cutscenes are good.The gameplay is great.The lvl design is good, the bad part is: buildings.Buildings are used like copy paste, the good part about it is: A bigger part of the world is open.Secret stashes are better, not copy paste.Areas are also great in not copy paste.I have read that, alot of users think the voice is bad in this game.Me i think its alright/quite good.As long its not like: All voices sounds like they are recorded in a cave, no worries on my part.It's an open world without the rpg element, money and side missions is what u will use to get better weapons and items."
76561198259478673,Not Recommended,223100,31860651,Posted: 20 May,all,kdmajor,Unfortunity this is more of a point and shoot game there is no real thinking stategy
,Not Recommended,223100,33416892,Posted: 9 July,all,weeaboo,"Hello. I will write a review on this game (late).Homefront®: The Revolution is a First-Person-Shooter which is set after the events in Silicon Valley. You are Ethan Brady, a philadelphian male who is a member of the resistance group who is fighting to bring back Philadelphia and to make the North Koreans to back off.The game has 2 modes.The first is the story, *spoilers*.The second is the multiplayer mode ""The Resistance"" where you become a simple resistance soldier which you can customize and use it online on 11 poor missions. The multiplayer is dead, not a lot of strangers are playing it so you better have friends that you can play with.The gun customization is kinda cool. You can modify your gun and make it a different gun like exemple ""Pistol->SMG"" and you can also put attachments which there isn't many but deal with it for the rest of the game.The enemies are short then easy to kill and spawns at least too many when you are detected. There isn't much variety and logic to the enemies, they suck at flanking you; they line up for easy kills for you (they do it everytime when I was playing); they always get stuck; they always lose you; they- they ♥♥♥♥ing suck.The stealth is just plain-stupid, you will get detected faster then a toaster making a piece of bread turning into an actual toast. So I suggest you just do everything loud. You can somehow be detected behind cover. #RIP Stealth.The Ai is already explain in videos on youtube. They are dumb. They walk slower than a sloth. Their aims are a masterpiece (which means they have potato aim and they made a painting of actual potato out of those bullets splattered all over the walls then the initial target).The frame per second is so♥♥♥♥♥♥ If you run a military-graded computer, it stutters even with the best specs on your computer.I have finished the game and I cannot, I swear I cannot go back and free roam Philadelphia. It's hurting my heart. The story is not so bad but the things I just said were killing me. I were sometime laughing over to some things that were autistic as ♥♥♥♥ or was killing me (which was breaking my soul).I am rating this game a 2.4/5 stars. Please don't buy this game at it's full price, buy it when the game is on a pretty good sale.Now...PEACE OUT FAMAlso note I want a refund on this absolute garbage  s h i t"
,Not Recommended,223100,33342922,Posted: 7 July,all,OceanRise,♥♥♥♥ed up (sort of)
76561198134540767,Not Recommended,223100,25581341,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,THErealpalacemaster,this game is very fun for the first 5 hours or so but i got very bored once i got all the guns and everything in the first 5 hours the story is above average and is the only thing that makes me want to keep playing but i just can't go blind to the cons like the bad ai and the stupid amount of guns i didn't count but i think there are 6 or 7 maybe 8 i feel very sad that this game was a flop as i loved the first homefront and everything about it the nice amount of guns the pretty nice graphics the muiltiplayer which was kinda like battlefield with tanks and large maps and just all around fun and i wish home front the revolution had some kind of pvp aspect like i understand the resistance don't have a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ amount of tanks but that is what would of map it have more life if the norks had access to the drones and all the things in the game but they don't have the gear that the resistance has like the hacking device and all that good stuff and they also have the white armour for normal infantry so they would be easy to spot but they have better guns  then the resistance so it would be a very fun mode of muiltiplayer if not that maybe like some kind of 5v5 or 10v10 modes where the norks half to find the resistance fighters in the crouds of people and they can control drones and scan people search people  all while the resistance fighters are blowing up the APCs and doing what you do in the main game the game would then have alot more players and a longer life span i did buy this game before it was on free weekend and  do not reccommend
,Not Recommended,223100,27344113,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Xangasm,Performance is still hit or miss currently. Gameplay is fun.
,Recommended,223100,27563211,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,MegaBox.Xy,Cool
,Recommended,223100,27737518,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Become the best rust player ☑,Very good game.
76561198038335703,Recommended,223100,29125845,Posted: 8 January,all,Plote,"Very good game, but multiplayer is unfortunately dead..."
,Recommended,223100,28008718,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Davistoa,"Best Game Within A GameCouldn't care less about Homefront: The Revolution, just remaster Timesplitters 2 for Steam and we can all be happy."
76561198075894258,Recommended,223100,23248125,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,troll112,"The game is pretty good , the only issue is the poor optimization but the game itself is fun and it'll probably take you about 30 hours to beat it with all strike points liberated."
,Recommended,223100,25479384,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,DaleFu,"There are games I call Double-A games.  They're not good enough to be considered AAA, but they're still worth playing.  This is a solid AA game.  I picked it up for 25$ on sale, and I'm quite happy with it.  The gameplay is a bit generic, but fun.  The open world has enough to keep you moving through the world without feeling bogged down with too many activities.  The story is serviceable, with a few high points.  The graphics are phenomenal, and some of the character animations are quite nice too.If you're looking for a fun AA game that will get the most out of your fancy new gfx card, this is a good go to."
76561198030681948,Not Recommended,223100,25515822,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,david3907,"After some seven hours play I have to say very disappointing. Gameplay becomes very tedious after a very short length of time. You capture one site and then another but there is no background. Shoot about three enemy and a site is captured. Side missions are a joke photograph a couple of things shoot a few people and thats it. Only aim seems to be to get better gear that you don't need.Sum up  no atmosphere, pointless missions  enjoy."
76561198018297359,Not Recommended,223100,28571237,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Mr. Wingless,"Well here's my feeling so far:Pros :- You get to shoot and climb (I've died way more times to falling than to enemies already - it's not so fun if you climb high to collect valuables and then fall to death and lose them all by thinking that ""this doesn't look so high"" - can't even recollect them later, 'poof' gone)- You got this cool weapon modification animation- It's like Far Cry (Open world with stuff to do + crafting and there seems to be some random stuff happening from time-to-time)Other :- If you're all about USA patriotism then that's a pro for you in this game.(I don't like it, it's a turn off for me - they would have been better off by creating fictional countries)Cons :- It's like a lesser version of Far Cry (the gunplay isn't as good and stealth seems not possible / at least at my current level)- The weapon animation becomes tedius to watch and the menu isn't helpping it. One wrong move and you're dismantling your weapon for no reason at all.- The phone menu -> trying to take a picture in secret or reading some lore for example. The time keeps going, so you could easily get shot while reading - since everyone seems to hate you.- Iron sights seem to be way off for the handgun (aim for the throat to get a headshot). Rifle seemed better with a 1.2x scope thingy. Might try the other guns when I have the time.- The biggest problem for me with this game is that the resistance doesn't seem likeable at all.If I had a choice, I wouldn't help them after how they treat you. unfortunately your character follows them blindly.I'm sure some people will turn out to be snitches, wouldn't even be surprised. But seeing how they do things, I am surprised they still exist.tl;dr : No I do not recommend this game. Get Far Cry 3 or 4 instead.And if you already have completed them, then re-playing those seem like a better option than playing this."
,Not Recommended,223100,24087360,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Anomie,Co-op matchmatking doesnt even function. Avoid at all costs.
76561198089972835,Not Recommended,223100,24553114,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,xXsc0rp1dXx,"So, I bought this game in hopes that not only would I be able to play what looked like a decent story mode, but to also play multiplayer games. Every time I went to join a random match it never finds anything, and when I choose to open a server nobody ever joins. This game is a huge dissapointment to me, a huge waste of $59.99... If I were you I would not waste the money to buy this stupid game and get something better like Battleborn or something."
76561198295460767,Recommended,223100,24367044,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,marwong018,"this game i very like but 80% black on screen n blurr at  the begining of part 1 ,, cannot play ??? very sad"
76561198066210337,Recommended,223100,23407621,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,yourking365,"I like the game and would probubly recommend it to others. What I really don't like is that after purchaseing a weapon it remains locked and I am not able replace it with another weapon. I am talking about the hand gun. I should be able to discard,sell or swap it with any of the other weapons that I bought!"
,Recommended,223100,29606668,Posted: 31 January,all,iARDAs,Game is not amazing but it is a fun game if you can get it on a decent sale. Probably more than 50% and close to 75% is a decent sale for this game.
,Recommended,223100,25508696,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,M3RT4Y4Z,good game i prefer to you i getting 30+ fps on gtx 750ti.
,Recommended,223100,24909289,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,FrozenBaron,"Seems like a decent game, but for some reason it kept lagging. My gaming laptop is pretty good and defaults to the high quality settings for most games. Even when I adjusted to the lower quality graphics it still continued to lag. Shame, really."
,Not Recommended,223100,30497817,Posted: 13 March,all,Noahfp,This is a real shiity game. So many bugs. Bad graphics. Stupid MPCs Not worth $50 not worth 10 dollars. Dont buy it. You WILL regret it . ITS SOOO BAD
76561198142163927,Recommended,223100,30399630,Posted: 8 March,all,TheDerps,You need a beast PC to play this game! D: Good though! Played the first one on PS3 loved it so much!!!!
76561197970379595,Recommended,223100,30398730,Posted: 8 March,all,Kruler,"I have been enjoying this game quite allot, which suprised me considering I hated it on release, as it was a bugged out mess.But now it runs smooth as silk and I now find myself enjoying it for what it is, a pop in for a few hours, complete some objectives chill FPS."
,Recommended,223100,30396061,Posted: 8 March,all,Floran Thorns,Very good game with an unique focus on FPS as saboteur and guerrilla warface against an opressing army.Is more of an open game instead of story driven as the first Homefront.
76561197972888039,Not Recommended,223100,31492498,Posted: 1 May,all,froststurm,"The Bad: Story, Gameplay (Stealth, Open-World)The Good: GraphicsDidn't play MP.All in all a game i cannot recommend."
,Recommended,223100,27944319,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Bidrav,this game is like a piece of heaven fell down and let me play w it10/10 would play in heaven again.
76561198014492379,Recommended,223100,31784987,Posted: 16 May,all,Michael Weston,"Bought the game on sale 80% off the complete edition... So i did not get the performance and bugs on launch.Since iam doing a review about the current state of the game, i can only tell you this.Far cry meets Jagged alliance 2/Xcom 2 without the aliens = Homefront The revolutionI have the setting on High. I have a Nvidia 1060 3Gb Ram, and i do not have any issues, and have a steady 60 Fps.PS: If you like shooters buy this game."
76561197986909486,Recommended,223100,24721732,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Lorsted,"I don't really understand why people are hung up on the flaws on the game.There exists a few problems, sure. Such as the AI, the acting, the writing of the story (Pretty obvious turns and twists).Don't forget the performance bug, I had massive stuttering, which I fixed by going into the task manager -> processes -> homefront + right click -> affinity to one core -> the set the affinity again to all cores. This fixed the problem, but I had to do this every time i launched the game.Not everyone would like this game, some weird controls (RC car and the hacking part) but I liked the setting and I think that for a game which I bought at a sale it gave me the enjoyment I wanted. It's a different kind of game, but if I am going to be honest, I liked this game more than Far Cry 4.If you think that the game seems fun, then I recommend that you buy it on a sale and try it out.Overall rating: 7/10"
76561198043783278,Not Recommended,223100,25094501,"Posted: 23 August, 2016",all,rspen0777,"I am, admittedly, not far at all into this game. However, after about half an hour of gameplay, I received an error message about not being able to load a shotgun animation and a ctd. I also witnessed NPCs falling through the floor and numerous cloth physics on characters bugging out causing their clothes to appear as if they were in a spastic thunderstorm.I had a little red flag go off when I noticed that the screenshots used on all the DLC for this game are basically the same. Can't we be provided screenshots of what the DLC actually includes? Unfortunately, when you're a lazy developer or are half-heartedly supporting a game, these sorts of things fall through the cracks.Also, the story about North Korea taking over the US via some technological backdoors just fails to strike anything resembling plausibility and I have a very hard time releasing my suspension of disbelief.I really want to enjoy this game, but it hasn't been easy."
,Recommended,223100,30427909,Posted: 10 March,all,Doouble Tap,"This games plays well on 4 GB Ram with all low specs. I have a quad core, with a GTX 950. Pretty fun game too, i played it on Xbone. Now, gonna own it on PC ;)"
76561198051100783,Recommended,223100,28252123,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,GetRektM8,"Beutifull graphics, story pretty average. Gameplay is great, both campaing and coop-resistance mode. There are few bugs, but they dont ruin whole expirence. Worth buying if on sale."
,Not Recommended,223100,30442974,Posted: 11 March,all,宮本 武蔵 (Miyamoto Musashi),This game is terrible.
76561198013559819,Not Recommended,223100,30454395,Posted: 11 March,all,w1p30uT,"This game recieved a poor review, but can be changed with a;-Good Review Pack for only $2.99-Excellent Review Pack for $5.99-""This game isn't half-finished and rushed out, KYS TROLL!!!"" Amazing Review Bundle for only $59.99 !!!Buy the Review Expansion Pass and recieve 20% off other half-finis...oops, I mean expediently develloped games like No Man's Sky, Medal Of Honor: Warfighter and the first Homefront game.DLC Review packs coming soon!!!"
,Recommended,223100,30677857,Posted: 22 March,all,marylandmosin,As soon as you turn your M9 into a submachine gun the game gives you chills. Love it
76561198035539545,Not Recommended,223100,23051384,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Pvt. Gibbins,"*Disclamer*I do kinda spoil some stuff so if you don't want any spoilers dont read this*Disclamer*I loved the first homefront and as soon as i saw this game a pre-ordered so i might be a little biased, but this game is really fun the only downside would be the glitched and less than optimal optimization. For example a glitch i keep getting is when i customize the AR15 varient rifle with a sight my iorn sights seem to pop of my gun and just float in mid-air wherever they where when i customized it. and the frames constanly hover around max 50, but i have a GTX 980. overall there are some problems but its still fun. now into the semi-spoiler part, The biggest issue i have with this game is the goliath is supposed to be a mega-tank somthing no resistance has taken out before. but when you go and take on the ♥♥♥♥ing thing gets detroyed in two seconds by small arms fire. i get that you have to make it tough in order to be fun. but ♥♥♥♥ dude why are we risking so much to take a tank that can be destroyed by small arms? this is rediculous. and we are supposedly using this to break into a huge heavly guarded area later? ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t that will never work if this thing is as weak as it is in this mission. other than that i love this game."
76561198082237622,Not Recommended,223100,30832940,Posted: 30 March,all,i will be back!!!!!!,BAD♥♥♥♥♥
76561197984039108,Not Recommended,223100,30493184,Posted: 13 March,all,Dreiraben,I payed 2$ for the Season pass and still feel like I overpayed
,Not Recommended,223100,30500565,Posted: 13 March,all,Dantheman888,"Fun at first but extremely repetitive. Few weapons. Not much variety. Game starts out fun but becomes unplayable as a way of ramping up difficulty. Once an alarm is raised your only option is to die and start over. Endless enemies, no solution. Game is terrible. Don't waste your time."
,Not Recommended,223100,30629462,Posted: 19 March,all,SpookyBean13,"when the game started i was blown away it was alot of fun but when you get to the 5th mission the game is dull boring, its doing the same thing garabge hacking that they dont tell you how to do it for the first time, sneaking into a building getting seen through a wall die do it again take oevr the area and then have to do it 100+ more times to unlock the missions your better off playing farcry 4 or wolfinstien, the only good thing is the weapon customisation and the stabbing animations"
76561198031257248,Not Recommended,223100,28199545,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,bhatmahendramulraj,If you have played any story centric FPS game. This is not for you. The missions in this game are pointless and sometimes feel why they are there. I would still prefer first installation of this game over this one. Though the first one was not a great game but it was enjoyable. This game is just boring. Not at all recommended
,Recommended,223100,31702328,Posted: 12 May,all,Klarum,"Bought the game on the 75% off weekend despite the mixed reviews, and i am super happy.Whatever issues might have motivated the bad reviews are gone in my opinion.It is a great open map game, with all the stuff you would expect from the genre, and a great action. Graphics are also pretty good. The AI is good enough. You can play in higher diffilcuty, and even hide the UI (radial map with enemies) if you want a challenge. It is up to you to decide how you play it.I dont play multiplayer.And you can get the base game + all expansions super cheap! If it wasnt for the bad reviews (unfair IMO) I would have bought it sooner, and it is worth a higher price.Edit: Withing the game you can play a port of TimeSpliters 2!!!"
,Not Recommended,223100,33248028,Posted: 4 July,all,suspeito ツ,Very bad game. Bugs as ♥♥♥♥ and♥♥♥♥♥♥gameplay .l.
,Recommended,223100,33264758,Posted: 5 July,all,PotHead,"I have no idea what the ♥♥♥♥ people are talking about, this game is amazing."
76561198296456687,Not Recommended,223100,30796943,Posted: 28 March,all,victorkozlow,I don't get it I bought that game but I saw glitch such as black shadow casting all over my scene especially in night missions and that's not normal my pc not buffering normal I don't know how to handle it my money just wasted ...
,Not Recommended,223100,30769845,Posted: 27 March,all,james,"no idea why i put this many hours into the game, think i just wanted to find my monies worth. i did not get that, very bad all round game and when the multiplayer was best part of the first game, i have no idea why they never put a multiplayer in this, its like they had no idea how to make a game its so bad. please do not waste money on this game, even if its in a sale as it will still not be it worth it. this game is not even worth being free. very sad as first had one of my fav multiplayers in"
,Recommended,223100,33490955,Posted: 12 July,all,Golf,"its okay, but not at full price, get on salegraphics are nice, but you need a decent rig..very few bugs!you can customize your weapons in a kinda new way i personally havent seen before - feels very nicethe combat feels nice aswellspend 16 hours to complete main story + dlc's - it was alright i guess, no witcher 3Dlcs are very short, not worth full price at all!"
,Recommended,223100,31445067,Posted: 29 April,all,Trion@RandomSelectGaming,"take one for the team, make this nazi ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ take 4 later!"
76561198120566051,Recommended,223100,30893833,Posted: 1 April,all,Papabunny,love this game never. i didnt want it to be over but it had to be done love this game and hope that another one comes out
,Recommended,223100,30916424,Posted: 2 April,all,fentungan,"A nice AAA-title fps open world for 8 dollar? including all DLCs? holy♥♥♥♥♥♥!!!pros :-great graphics even at lower settings (low quality 1024x768 @25-18 fps)-playable with potato laptop(specs : intel i3 5005U @2.00 GHz (4 CPUs), NVidia GT 930M 2 GB VRAM, 6 GB DDR3 RAM, 500 GB HDD)-decent story-I am surprised how you can turn an assault rifle into a grenade launcher-the NPCs interact with every actions you made-characters around you act like each other had their strength and weaknesscons-not really playable by a potato laptop-the NPCs sometimes just plain stupid-some unfixed bugs and glitches-multiplayer interactions seems deadoverall 7,5/10. unless they fix some bugs and optimize the game"
,Recommended,223100,29927761,Posted: 14 February,all,AAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAaAAAA,My story so far just keeps cutting out the audio in half-second intervals. Other than that I think it has potential for a 1 year old game.
76561198004038859,Recommended,223100,30927155,Posted: 3 April,all,FightThePowah!!!,"I have a thing for underdog games. Games that have ♥♥♥♥♥♥ reception, that are bashed and hated, mostly because, whats so fun about cheering on someone you know you will? the new DOOM was a bit like that, before it came out we all expected the worst. DmC also, with the first trailer being HATED and being one of the MOST negative disliked to liked ratio at the time, and it came out fair and actually, honestly good and won over some fans, that was a nice story.After years of hearing how bad this is, i saw it on sale and decided ''why not''. So, 8 hours into the game, and counting, here's my toughts on Homefront The Revolution :- Starting off, it's buggy, it was reported to be buggy when it came out, and it is still buggy, mostly physics, i've got stuck in places and had to restart most often than not. Don't expect all the patches to have fixed that.+ Despite that, the game is quite beautiful, it's clearly a dystopic world, and there's little details like seeing the people going from doing nothing to raving the streets the more you free it.- It is just an open world ubisoft like game. Do this, do that, follow the marker, take down this place to see more of the map. It's the same tired formula BUT if you're not tired of it, or you know, don't play ubisoft games which is basically corporate cookies, servicible but without grandmas passion, then you'll like this a bit. I think because it's more condensed and less ''big'' than those, it's a bit less tiring.+ Combat is good. The game is hard. It should be, what, you think you can get shot like ♥♥♥♥ing terminator and walk off easy?- Said that, the AI is bad, either they have the all seeing eye of thundera and spots you BEHIND OBJECTS or they are said objects, lifeless and dumb.+- The story...could be more really, it's a nice word they built, with interesting backstory but it does lack an OOMPH to the main plot and characters. With the exception of Dana Moore (Who looks suspiciously like a certain Veruca, you know what im talking about. You perv.) which is an entertaining ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, everyone else is boring. Especially that stupid high morals doctor, screw you, this IS war you♥♥♥♥♥♥ get out of that stupid window of yours. Also let's talk about Ned Sharp, it is not listed who voices him. I could find no info on it, but he sounds like Rick from Rick and Morty, our character, Blank Slate Brady has a name that ends with an Y and everytime he says ''Brady do this'' it clearly is the same voice actor. I can swear it's the same voice.+ Level design. Yes the areas are really cool designed, it's a bit of a parkour-ish design, and i wish they went all out of it, having nooks and crannys that you can freely free-run through. Instead of getting stuck.- Not greatly optimized, my machine is fairly good, and i dont even crank things to max to avoid any framedrop cause ♥♥♥♥ it. But it freezes. It freezes sometimes, for no good reason and bye-bye progress. That blows.With that, would i recommend it? Hmmm, maybe. Either you play for the setting, for the addiction to ubisoft-like soul-less cookie open world type or for Dana, which was my case. So...if you're willing to close your eyes to the bad, you're gonna have some fun. Also play with a goddamn controller, this game was made for console first and it shows. I'll leave the reccomend as an Yes, there should be a Maybe steam. Dummies."
76561197989873777,Not Recommended,223100,31685561,Posted: 11 May,all,Shindai,"Not fun, not interesting, not entertaining, horrible gunplay, tiny FOV. I seldom get motion sickness from games but I did from this one. I loved the first Homefront, but this just feels aimless and dull, and isn't remotely fun enough to justify the time or effort. Everything seems to involve a climbing puzzle and with dodgy climbing mechanics and all the fall damage (though thankfully not quite as bad as Ubisoft's glass knees engine that kills you from fall damage from a six feet drop, but not far off, it feels like) the entire thing is just a chore that gives me eye strain."
,Not Recommended,223100,30518559,Posted: 14 March,all,Foosball,"Frustrating in the end.It starts out as a single player campaign but as you progress you're sort of left feeling like the game is too open.The graphics look great and are pretty demanding.The gameplay is centered around liberating areas in a map. The more areas you liberate the greater ground you acquire against your fight against the North Koreans.The concept is good but frankly the layout and execution is beyond flawed.After a while it seems a bit odd that the North Koreans would simply stay put in occupied areas. Having an AI just sit there and do nothing as you gradually take over their space strikes me as odd - the devs should have instead had the AI try to control or regain lost territories for a real-life challenge. Instead, they just sit there waiting for you to confront them.Missions are repetitive, gun customization a rehash of Crysis and after a while it gets boring.Purchase if it's massively discounted, but it isn't worth the current price."
76561198020828204,Not Recommended,223100,31752747,Posted: 14 May,all,Krookz66,I really want to give this a positive review....but I can't. The game freezes constantly and is filled with choppy-ness.
76561198060369979,Recommended,223100,31776125,Posted: 15 May,all,Bad ^_^ Idea,"Am I weird because Homefront: Revolution and Street Fighter V are my favourite games, despite both receiving widespread criticism?I don't think so. I was weird long before either game ever came out..Pick the game up (on sale) and you'll have a blast! *^^*"
76561198166149821,Recommended,223100,31895351,Posted: 21 May,all,(T_T) commend,"I am new in the game, i cant play online multiplayer, cannot find other players, can anyone help me?> i want to play co-op online."
76561198192139087,Recommended,223100,30413794,Posted: 9 March,all,Mr Grumpy,this game is very good i dont know why people hate so much on this..... i think they got over hyped the only thing i find wrong with this is the fps but apart from that its very good to play and relax with
76561198046333972,Recommended,223100,31978280,Posted: 26 May,all,jasonz1919,good single player fun
76561198333870921,Not Recommended,223100,31971891,Posted: 26 May,all,Mantastic,what a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game
76561197973815251,Recommended,223100,32054467,Posted: 29 May,all,Jay Bizzell,"So this game can be maddening at times, But they did fix most of the glitches, and it is SORT of like far cry. So it can be fun. Mildly challenging on normal. Also not real good and telling what do to do when completeing strike zones (outpost). That said I kind of enjoy it. It isn't a thumbs down, but there isn't a middle rating."
76561198107359569,Not Recommended,223100,32451926,Posted: 15 June,all,Edward Panzer,"i cant recommand this game to anyone even fans of the first homefront. its runs horrible and has a insane amount of bugs. (i run Arma 3 better then this game) i could get maybe 15 FPS if i was lucky (on the lowest settings) i couldnt even recommand this game if it was free.i would go on about the story of the game, but i couldnt even get past the first part because of how bad the FPS was."
76561198073430137,Not Recommended,223100,32091465,Posted: 31 May,all,SOMEkindOFsoda69,sooo bugge
76561198164676714,Recommended,223100,32302725,Posted: 9 June,all,rick6549,yes
,Not Recommended,223100,30531286,Posted: 15 March,all,Equveni,"I've bought this game in hopes it will be a similar experience to play it in co-op as it was with Dying Light. It turned out to be completely different. The co-op missions are separate from the single player story, and even the first one was designed for experienced players. I didn't mind failing the mission twice, but during the third try we've realized that we don't have the ammor or the grenades that we used up in the previous trials, so we didn't even have a chance to complete the mission.The graphics is nice, but it's really disappointing that the story is single player only."
,Not Recommended,223100,30535044,Posted: 15 March,all,Domer,"The premise is interesting and the gameplay is reasonably fun. However, the story is weak and the voice acting is abysmal. I was unable to finish because the game kept crashing. 5/10."
,Not Recommended,223100,32546202,Posted: 18 June,all,Basking Shark,"A crash-happy bug filled mess.It's a shame too, because the game itself is pretty fun at its core. It's mostly a FarCry clone, but with a more urban setting and story borrowed right out of Red Dawn. However it's very clearly a front-loaded game as the first few hours play pretty well with decent frame rates and next to no crashes or bugs, but then somewhere around the 33% completion mark the game takes a gradual turn for the worse with crashes, corrupted saves, and progress blocking bugs showing up frequently enough to make you want to stop.Bought the game on sale for $10, but still do not recommend it, even with a price drop.Edit: Now that I've finished the game I feel like the actual enemy of the game is the bugs you constantly have to fightHere's a list that I encountered:- Mission important NPCs and cars getting stuck on objects and blocking progression- Random save corruption- Doors relocking themselves and removing the method for unlocking them- Mission critical enemies getting stuck in walls- Allied NPCs screaming,""SNIPER!"" when they see an allied sniper- Constant collision bugs- Motorcycles exploding when I touch them- Random crash to main menu followed by random save corruption- Cutscenes that randomly force me to move in one direction until I get stuck inside a wall- Cutscenes that randomly force me to move in one direction until I fall into a lake and die- Cutscenes that randomly force me to move in one direction until I walk out of the mission area- ♥♥♥♥ING cutscenes that randomly force me to move in one direction until I come into collision with an NPC that calls me an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ every time i bump into him, resulting in the game calling me an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ for an entire two minute conversation."
,Recommended,223100,30436202,Posted: 10 March,all,LokiD,"Good game, although could be a tad shorter. But some realy good bits in it, if you can get through the repetitiveness! but yeah watching the locals fight back is cool!!cool start - boring middle - great ending3/5"
,Recommended,223100,28958056,Posted: 2 January,all,Abook,"I'm not sure what the hate regarding this was about, as far as i can tell, it is a great game with great performance, maybe it had some issues in the past, but to be honest this game had too many ups and downs, it was in development for 4 years but transfered between studios and too many staff has been laid off, so for such a huge game that was originally AAA with too few resources to work on it, it is great effort.i'm not saying the game is perfect, yes it needs more polishing to be greater, but at the current state, i'm getting 80+ fps @ 1440p everything maxed out on 980 Ti,the things that bothers me are Denuvo and random freezes here and there, other than this, this game is a master piece and has tons of contents.forget reviews especially the crappy ones aka jim sterling and his kind who just focus on negative stuff and don't take anything into consideration and yet never re-review the game after the dev addresses customers feedback, yah the protagonist legs dont look the best when crouching and crawling when moving the camera down, seriously?!?! i would to see him or anyone from so called reviewers creating only protoganist legs movement and lets see how many million years it would take him to do so.again, it needs more polishing but at it is current state, it is a great game, very beautiful graphics, lighting, and post effects,  and ofcourse CRY ENGINE , so buy it if you like FPS games and support the dev.Last, DLCs are a joke, they are too short and ain't worth it, just watch them on YT, i expected to have the same experience as the main game but they are far from it, too bad they are limited since the game is a blast, really one of the greatest FPS games i have ever played."
76561198019088661,Recommended,223100,28885629,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Jeff,"I bought this because I thought it was an RPG, but it's a COD style shooter.  I died over and over, but discovered the difficulty settings and managed to play the whole story game in easy mode (58 hours).  Now, for the first time in my life, I'm playing online FPS.If you like hiding in dumpsters, and freaking out whenever you see red dots on your mini map, than this game is for you."
76561198045897904,Not Recommended,223100,32074135,Posted: 30 May,all,je531513,"I voted no on this game, but mainly that's because--despite the fact I've got a 7th gen i7 CPU and a dedicated video card (not a great one, but still...)--the frame rate makes this game nearly unplayable. And comparable games aren't (I can run The Division and Fallout 4 and Far Cry 3 with no difficulty).I like the premise (even if it does feel a bit like a HL2 ripoff without the gravity gun), but will have to wait until my next upgrade to really figure out whether it's any good.  It also could do with a bit more mod support..."
76561198024342358,Not Recommended,223100,32074784,Posted: 30 May,all,doomstringer,"graphics are gorgeous, gameplay ok.  the main reason i'm not recommending this game is because the writing and characters are absolutely awful.  having someone threaten to cut the protagonists nipples off in the first half hour of the game is just sick and pitiful.  I see this as a meager attempt to be hardcore or some such, and it comes across as rather pathetic.  in addition, the other resistance members suck so badly that i was left wanting them to lose.  save your money and just play through half-life 2 again."
,Recommended,223100,23403540,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Alien_Jim,"I nearly didn't buy this game because of the negative reviews. The complaints about the slow frame rate and stuttering reminded me of the complaints about Just Cause 3. When I played JC3 with 6Gb of RAM, it stuttered to the point I couldn't play it. I upped my RAM from 6Gb to 24Gb and all problems ceased. Great game, plays great with plenty of RAM. I figured the complaints about Homefront were the same, so I bought it anyway. This is one of the best games I've bought in a long time. Lot's of fun, great graphics, physics, and storyline. So, bottom line, when they say the recommended RAM is 8Gb,, just plan on 12Gb or more. These newer games with massive amounts of texture maps, lighting, and action require more than they recommend. I'm running all settings on all games at max on a 2009 Alienware ALX, GTX 970, 8 cores at 3.3Ghz, RAID 0 with 2 500Gb SSDs. 24Gb DDR3. I run all games at highest settings possible. This one is a 9.5/10 rating. Buy it if you want Far Cry 4 - Urban. Well worth the price!!"
76561198025921754,Recommended,223100,28182867,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,John Rambo (DOHC),Good!
,Recommended,223100,31696817,Posted: 12 May,all,Noa,"a GREAT FPS game, i thought so much whether or not to buy this since the reviews was mixed, but hey, one thing i can say:BUY THIS GAME, Its worh it!"
76561198220786844,Recommended,223100,31695838,Posted: 11 May,all,Labreenc,awesome game!
,Recommended,223100,31728866,Posted: 13 May,all,mo97.me,"Is this the best game ever made no. Is it completly worth 10$ yes. It'll also run on a r9 270x maxed out (more then I can say for most triple A games). I enjoy it because you are outnumbered and ougunned, you don't have much health so it actually becomes a fun stealth shooter! The other thing  I like is the wepon diversity. The shotgun also shoots moltov cocktails, and the battle rifle also launches missles, the crossbow can become a flamethrower. So you can cosntantlly mix up what you want to do. And all the bugs have been fixed since launch.If you're looking for a stealth shooter with lots of gun variety give it a shot!and remeber:THEY ARE COMING!!"
,Not Recommended,223100,24118677,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,m lyes,"no good to buy, is pirate yes"
,Recommended,223100,27255542,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,NOVAxDRAGON,"I want to be brief and open. This game was not as good as I hoped it would be. I still recommend it if the idea excites you. I loved the first Homefront. This was not as good. I have not played it since the first month after it came out - it was glitchy, but fun. I had fun playing this game. That's what games are for."
,Recommended,223100,27605369,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Jerry Seinfeld,"Honestly not that bad of a game. The story, gunplay, customization and freedom that this game has is very good. It reminds me of Far Cry 4. The only downside I can see is poor optimization and for some people driving ceratin vehicles. Also, now it is on sale and will most likely be on the Steam Holiday Sale so it is fairly cheap."
,Recommended,223100,27103554,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,subarashii supeedo,I accept with what it is.
,Recommended,223100,26880515,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Mecha Koopa,The best port of Timesplitters 2 on PC.
76561197967668957,Recommended,223100,27367364,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Wag-Master,"cons:-I question why they decided to scrap the first Homefront game's ""reunified Korea"" backstory and go with a rewritten history that makes North Korea a technological and economical powerhouse by itself.-Didn't find much to hold my interest in the multiplayer.-The North Korean occupying forces are a faceless monolith and that makes them boring.pros:-This game does an excellent job of making you feel like an underdog resistance fighter, storyline wise at least. Every success is followed by two setbacks, and everyone working with you is as much a liability as a help.-The characters are flawed and realistic.-The North Korean occupying forces are a faceless monolith and that makes them intimidating.SUPER PRO:-Timesplitters 2 story mode is hidden within the game.Now if someone would just port the entirety of Timesplitters 2 multiplayer to PC with online capabilities.Final verdict:I had fun and I enjoyed the story. That was good enough for me, since I got it cheap."
,Recommended,223100,27617706,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Enma Ai,Like The Division.. maybe next time i will buy that game.
76561198025308970,Recommended,223100,30420914,Posted: 9 March,all,Rek-7,"I have a crappy GPU, but the game is still playable even though the minimum is more than I have, good game just like the last Homefront and I have already played through the first couple of missions, it's pretty dang fun. What game isn't just about killing russians these days?"
,Recommended,223100,30419749,Posted: 9 March,all,PlagueNation,I love this game the story line has me hooked while for some reason it is stuck on a older version thats not optimized as well and I have some lag and glitches i wouldnt trade it!
,Recommended,223100,30421438,Posted: 9 March,all,LarryMenta,I don't honestly know how to feel about this game
,Recommended,223100,28908515,Posted: 1 January,all,Mendhak,"Steam is currently mixed about this game, and so am I.  It has some great elements and some godawful elements to it, which balance it out to the point of... being mixed.The guns and gear are very satisfying to use, but the UI can be infuriatinly unintuitive at times.There are good maps, plenty to explore but after a while it starts to feel repetitive.  Combined with a 'hearts and minds' mechanic in the game (where you have to win the hearts and minds of the citizens for the next stage of your revolution) which is also infuritatinly slow, this reached the point of boredom - note that there's a difference between patience and boredom, and this particular mechanic managed to stretch that patience.I managed to force myself to slog through this but I had simply stopped caring, all the fun was sucked out.From what I'm reading, this is a formula similar to the Far Cry series - so if you like that kind of mechanic you probably won't mind this.  The good bit is that I have learned that I should be avoiding Far Cry!The story is poor and at times feels extended for the sake of extending it.  The characters involved are... morons... with no clear purpose or goal, who have no idea what they are doing.  The ending was OK.With all of this mixed it's really difficult to say.  If you're looking for a story, stay away from this one.  If you're looking for exploration and good gear, then have a look - but be prepared to understand what you're getting into."
,Not Recommended,223100,28914272,Posted: 1 January,all,HardRom,"I had higher hopes for this second installment.TL;DR- Awkward controls, glitching and clipping issues throughout. Don't buy.Pro:Longer single player campaign than I thought it would have.  A bit redundant at times, but enjoyable, mostly.Cons:It seems that there's a delay for everything you do- granted, it may only be 1/100 of a second, but you can feel it.Motorbikes are slow and oddly controlled.  I ran everywhere unless I needed a bike for a jump or activation.The RC vehicles suffer from the same delayed controls.Throwing hackables is a joke.  For some reason, you can throw a brick 50MPH across the load zone, but a hackbomb either clips through the world and sits there on your screen below the level for the rest of your load- or it flops 4 feet from you.Patriot launcher would be fun- if it was even moderately accurate for more than 20 feet.Obvious previously posted clipping and seizure npcs aside.Not recommended."
,Recommended,223100,28894147,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,arb,"i dont understand these mixed reviews, for the price and content it is a good game. Its basically a decent far cry clone with a different story based on a North korean invasion! In my opinion you cant have too much far cry :D"
76561198078990719,Recommended,223100,31656433,Posted: 9 May,all,Failsafe,"Game is pretty good, not worth 66$(CAD), got it for 13 bucks, so if you can get it on a sale like i did then it's worth it."
76561198179203017,Not Recommended,223100,31716283,Posted: 12 May,all,AimlessWanderer,"just. Don't buy this game. Its not worth it. Its got great graphics, and an interesting story, but it just isn't fun. The controls are clunky and the gameplay is limited."
,Recommended,223100,31727828,Posted: 13 May,all,C I [N] D Y,This game is amazing!
76561198203982844,Recommended,223100,31730602,Posted: 13 May,all,SaltyCarrot,gud graphics♥♥♥♥♥storyokay performancefun stealth/actiongg would crash again 5/2.878797987878576
,Recommended,223100,31701694,Posted: 12 May,all,☻╬♦Wojtak♦╬☻,A glitchy bug filled semi generic fps....And for $10 I am having an absoloute blast.
,Recommended,223100,31716254,Posted: 12 May,all,Vin,very nice game
76561198049652406,Recommended,223100,31731321,Posted: 13 May,all,samlovemetal,"Got it on sale for 10$. That considered the game is pretty fun. Atmosphere is the best part. Looks good, gunplay is fair. However they werent kidding about the AI. Its ♥♥♥♥ing bad, dude. To be sure, the North Koreans behave like homicidal mannequins for the most part, theres just alot of them. It really sucks though when your VIOLENTLY ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ allies derp their way into your crosshairs or physically shove you out of cover to keep their neaderthal brains inside their skulls. Still... 10 bucks."
76561198197022781,Recommended,223100,33297437,Posted: 5 July,all,YOUNGNOBLE,meh
,Not Recommended,223100,34299621,Posted: 16 August,all,Admiral Dino,"I want to like this game. I so want to like it. The premise is cool; I wish more games were sandbox resistance tactics. But I couldn't even get through 45 minutes of it. Even at lowest graphics, it felt like my character was either moving too fast or too slow. Sometimes the mouse moved through molasses, others it flew through the air as I tried to aim. The basic functions of the game made it unplayable. Returned."
,Not Recommended,223100,34322838,Posted: 18 August,all,Arzt,do u like ♥♥♥♥♥♥ customization? Neither do I.
76561198171859737,Recommended,223100,31810595,Posted: 17 May,all,Rake,"Great Game! Now I understand the negative reviews!Do you play COD, TR, AC, The Division, Far Cry, Saints Row, or ANYTHING similar to those?Did you play Crysis 3 or Spec Ops The Line? This game reminds me of a combination of Spec Ops and Crysis 3, and has all the elements of all the others. Just as the Flintstones has all the elements of the Honeymooners. Which should indicate my age to some degree and now you know why all the negative reviews.Glad I picked up The Revolution - Freedom Fighter Bundle on sale for $11 and ignored ALL the negative reviews. The bundle came with four of the DLC, the expansion pass, the voice of freedom, aftermath, and beyond the wall.  Cannot recommended enough. You can return it if you don't like it! 63 gigs, over 36 hours (600KBPS U G H !) to D/L thru crap steam servers and frontiers horrid DSL ""service"". The Game, however, SO made up for it in spades!Just seeing Philadelphia TRASHED like NYC in The Division is worth the $11.  If you pay full price for anything and you dig any of the games listed, you will enjoy this. If not? Anything on sale is a buy, but $11 was awesome. I would have paid $15.For me? This is everything The Division should and could have been, for loads cheaper, a non-toxic environment (although The Division isn't close to the toxicity of an R6) because you do not need to be online to play. That's great! As is this game.Story is up to date politically, which is almost as funny as The Simpson's predicting the president!!  Which is great.The graphics are great, 60 FPS but usually stays in the high 40's low 50's.  360 controller compatible and fluid.Must have for any FPS gamer!"
,Recommended,223100,28115086,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,LanceL,"Great Graphics, Great weapon customization, Great gameplay, Great OptimisationBought it @ -75% sale. Worth the price.so underrated.Homefront 1 was lame though."
,Recommended,223100,33857485,Posted: 28 July,all,Kodiak-Rush,A much better game than the original. Pretty solid semi-open world shooter.Sort of like far cry in a city. I found it highly enjoyable and well worth picking up if you like shooters.
,Not Recommended,223100,28022217,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Binary Daoist,This game lacks any direction to maintain my interest.
,Recommended,223100,28801002,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Mihi ki a koe e hoa «💔»,Good Game
,Not Recommended,223100,23134874,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Sokanas,"Shoot once, gun keeps shooting. 10/10 bullets wasted.That bug and the cursor sometimes remaining on screen after using the phone and enemies respawning very quickly within an area (like a drone command or such).Has an almost early-access feel with the number of bugs and graphical glitches that I've encountered (slow texture loads in some places, lighting quirks, almost falling through the world a couple of times while climbing areas).Has a very dumb AI.Needs major work but is fairly fun.Edit: So I play games with keyboard and mouse, but if the game has a vehicle I'll also use a control pad because better control over the vehicle. I don't know if the combined controls is a factor or the cause but sometimes when I shoot the weapon will continue shooting after I release the mouse.Bugs are a massive issue, as is the initial tutorial - I was stuck at the initial part for 30 odd minutes before realising I could just walk past the NKs.Shifting to a non-recommend because the bugs have worn down the level of fun."
76561197996238982,Recommended,223100,35073632,Posted: 19 September,all,Toffer,"You buy this game for its story. And the story is great! Stick through it till the end and I assure you, you won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,223100,29101997,Posted: 7 January,all,Dem0nFlare,"Its kinda like Farcry 3 met tom clancy's division. Take over parts of city till the treat is gone and you win, division story line with KPA and Farcry play syle. i enjoyed homefront 1 so i might be bias, but it was not bad. never played a deep siver game that was not glitchy, but S.T.A.L.K.E.R is one of my favorites, sacred was cool but glitchy, i don't know why saints row never had problems, and metro was well basically stalker in a tunnel. you can really see the simularty's between home front and the metro series."
,Recommended,223100,26211003,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,zaphodnt,"Very Fun. Much improved over the original Homefront. Liked the weapon mod system.Enjoyed the game so much it pre-empted BF1 and Civ 6, even though it is not comparable.Did not try the multiplayer. It has an easy storyline, and less linear progression.I recommend this game."
76561198292625471,Recommended,223100,26203847,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,[awsm] • Secondleft,"This is a hard review for me. On one hand, Always have been a homefront fan, Compelling story, Sense of urgency, and great graphics. Since being taken over by another dev, I DO believe this game is great. Thats why I would recommend it, however, take not of my consCONS:Open World is clunky, and doesnt feel as open as you'd thinkOnly 1 vehicle ? wtfDisconnected Storyline lined with random on the spot sidequestsLimited GunsPROS:Great graphicsModerate DifficultySomewhat smooth combata HUGE improvement from the 5 hour long original Homefront"
76561198041148162,Recommended,223100,31675974,Posted: 10 May,all,Its Only Logical,really buggy/crashing/unoptimised at times
,Recommended,223100,26245679,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Trail of Dead,"It's a pity when I go online, I can't find any players.  Also, the AI is truly awful and glitchy.  But unlike most FPS's, you don't necessarily have to finish every goal.  Sometimes, it's fun just to run around shooting North Koreans instead of going for the next flag.  And if you don't want the next flag and you'd rather get on with the story, that's cool, too.  You can always return to the previous area for a ""full complete"" anyway.So, yeah, the dev's had lofty goals, many of which are incomplete.  But the world is so well-built and the atmosphere is just right and the controls work just as well with a controller as they do with a mouse...  It's totally worth it, just not at full price.  Get it on sale if you can."
61198322561328193,Not Recommended,223100,34220383,Posted: 13 August,all,❤ Nikkita B ❤,The 1st one...people hated but I loved it and spent hours playing with friends on the xbox 360 sure it had its flaws but also had its good points. it was a perfect mix of Call of duty and Battlefield bad company 2 with the downsides of bad connection and optimisation. 7/10 Multiplayer 8.8/10 for storyNow...for this game..Multiplayer 1/10... only a poor co-opstory 6/10This game...is basically a stripped down and really♥♥♥♥♥♥version of what farcry 3 & 4 already gives youThe story is good but not worth full price I suggest picking up on a minimum of 75% off.
76561198107163460,Recommended,223100,32909868,Posted: 27 June,all,Homysforlife,Not as bad as you think.Bugs here and there some are frustrating but worth like 10 bucks.
76561198001425561,Recommended,223100,30472940,Posted: 12 March,all,Nostromo,"Good game, nice world design and pretty straight forward FPS. Better than FO4."
76561197997716821,Recommended,223100,28709721,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Kartin Muther Ling,"This game got quite a lot of flak, but considering it took 4 years of development time by a new studio and with quite a few people...... It wasn't all THAT bad, for me at least.In fact I actually liked it, the graphics were great, it ran smoothly, gun modifications were fabulous.I've always enjoyed the capturing stronghold element of games like far cry, so I was happy it was included here.Yes the story felt predictable, and the hype around walker died down faster than a boner after watching a porno with an actual story... BUT that ending redeemed it for me.I for one am looking forward to a sequel."
,Not Recommended,223100,30576373,Posted: 17 March,all,BoJo McJoe,"Pro's:- Fun for a few hours- Modifying guns (very limited, but enjoyable)- Graphics (pretty good visuals overall)Con's:- Extremely repetitive- Graphical glitches- people disappear- items that you need for quests get stuck- some buttons are blocked by objects- Extremely dull story- you have no choice, no voice, almost comical at times- Boring one-dimensional charactersIf this game is on sale, I still couldn't recommend it. Really not worth any of your time."
76561198220083132,Recommended,223100,30428458,Posted: 10 March,all,Sloth,I've played worse ... Will finish the game for sure though. Runs like silk on a Gtx 1080 and looks a treat too. Totally worth 10 bucks on sale.
76561198109120286,Not Recommended,223100,23129886,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,wannerSVR,游戏本身体验真的特别差，帧数极不稳定。本身的沙盒游戏也做的不到位，画面的话还是可圈可点的。如果你是画面党，那么这个游戏还是可以的，但要说到剧情和操作手感是相当差的完全达不到3A级水平
,Recommended,223100,23051288,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,TheMinister,"3 hours in and so far it's a really fun game. The visuals for a torn apart city are really good and I like the stealth elements. Deep Silver's involvment is definetly noticable, as this game has a lot of similarities with Dying Light. Just substitute hordes of zombies for well trained and armed korean soldiers and instead of having a lot of melee weapons, it's a ton of guns.The customization part is really cool but I quickly found myself using specific guns and configurations, though side jobs force you out of that by requiring so many kills with a specific weapon.Honestly, I was worried, given a lot of the initial bad reviews, and I don't think it's warranted. I can see where some people are having performance issues though, cause even on my i7/980ti rig there are some hick ups, but not during combat (whenever it autosave it pauses for a moment). Hopefully a few patches take care of those.Have not tried the co-op yet.TL:DR version - If you liked Dying Light and enjoy stuff like Red Dawn (old or new), this game is really entertaining."
76561197992255819,Not Recommended,223100,23053307,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Omegafury69,"To anyone who loves a true single driven story mode game, this game is honestly not for you. The beginning of the game fools you at first with its nice intro but then completely loses its edge when it goes upon your first mission and goes down hill from there... if you want a game that is a clone of ""the division"" go on.... keep playing or buy this game...if you want something more fun...look someplace else and save 60.$ of your hard earned money."
76561198081470196,Not Recommended,223100,23062370,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,The Shogunwolf,"Homefront the ""revolution""from a technical standpoint i didnt have the massive issues that have been reported, yet.the gameplay feels, how to say it, Bland it doesnt feel good to shoot even the takedowns dont have to much variation, the enemy AI is... existent.And the story oh boy the story i dont even think it could be called that, you are basically going from one point to the other killing all the enemies and liberating an area, so much for ""Open world""But hey lets leave it at that, atleast the game came out after so much♥♥♥♥♥♥Just wait for the next steam sale and buy this for 25$ tops and never ever, ever make the mistake i did by preordering this steaming pile of something."
,Not Recommended,223100,33647749,Posted: 19 July,all,Heaven Eyes,Totally unrealistic.3/10
,Not Recommended,223100,23058902,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Huggable_Commando,"My computer system exceeds the recommended requirements (albeit not by much, but still) and the first thing I see when we transition to actual, proper gameplay is a clunky as all ♥♥♥♥ framerate that literally gave me a headache.  I couldn't finish the opening bit because of this.Once this is patched and the game runs at over 15 FPS, I will amend my review to reflect it."
76561198079521937,Recommended,223100,23144192,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,hptango252,"I liked it but get it on sale if youre not 90% sure on buying it now 8/10-needs some polishing (optimization, bugs and glitches, ect.)-would buy Doom before buying this-devs did well for such a small team and the hardships they dealt with-the devs seemed like they overloaded themselves a little when making the game but they executed well and tried their hardest to make this game a success and i believe that that deserves the most praise by far here"
,Recommended,223100,23088481,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Not Random,Not as bad as some people think.
76561198098409479,Recommended,223100,23085362,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Cody's Gaming,"I dont know why people dont like this game its a lot of fun to me.  Oh well, I guess its not for everyone.  Also, I saw comments about proformance and shuttering.  I have an i7 4790k coupled with a Sapphire r9 290x and getting over 70fps while recording. Again I guess you cant make everyone happy with this type of game."
76561198202226204,Recommended,223100,23086337,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Frank_Dukes,"From what i've played of the game so far it seems to be pretty decent, It's not gonna win any game of the year awards, but the world is gorgeous and very atmospheric. The gunplay is borderline exceptional IMO. There are a few glitches,but nothing ground breaking. I'm playing on the hardest difficulty  and it seems this is how the game was meant to be played. It's not SUPER hard,but instead makes the AI pretty competent for the most part. The story is what you should be buying the game for. If youre a fan of single player story campaigns give this game a shot. I would probably give it like...UMMM 6.7/10 something like that. its worth buying,but once you finish the story your unlikely to play the game again."
76561198084310695,Not Recommended,223100,23092085,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Ansible2,"30 minutes in the main ""character"" gets strapped to (another) chair and almost tortured by one of his fellow resistance fighters because he is immediately mistaken to be a spy.What is his response to this?Absolutely nothing. Because he's a silent protagonist who was going to sit there and have his nipples cut off by some chick who he is allied with. Oh, but lucky for him the leader waltzed in and checked for his ID just in time to save those precious nips.Other than that, a 980Ti handled the game on MAX 1080p like garbage (stuttering/constant drops in FPS at 60Hz) while just running around the starting area. I have no hope for combat running smoothly."
76561198299626152,Not Recommended,223100,23099822,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Forever Unhinged,I personaly found the game beautiful but slow and boring...
76561198136292642,Not Recommended,223100,24470643,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,leonardoleeslash,"This game worths the price,for it taught me a valuable lesson:DO NOT PRE-ORDER ANY GAME WITH OVERWHELMING NEGATIVE REVIEWS!(especially ones come out of small studios like this)"
,Recommended,223100,23054567,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Priest Foxley,"its crysis, with moddable on the fly weapons, decent animations and camera, and lots of motion blur and lens flare. I am running the game on a six year old laptop and on low settings, it runs fine.has a story mode that has some call of duty style camera shake, but the story isn't ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.  has multiplayer mode thats very crysis like.its worth the money, in my opinion."
76561198163334322,Recommended,223100,23149343,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Shere Khan,"I am having a lot of fun with this game - I don't think there's any point considering it alongside DOOM, as they're both entirely different propositions.The open-world is great, full of loot and the gameplay features plenty of weapon and gear upgrades to chase. The weapons themselves have been fun, and the on-the-fly modding is fun. It's possible to recruit several AI followers to help you with quests, and you have to think a little bit before attempting to tackle them - it's not always possible to run in guns blazing. There's verticality in the environment that you have to use, and more than one kind of stealth that is necessary.My main complaints would be that the enemies are capable of killing you within a few shots, which has led to a few frustrating moments where I've been sent back to square one. It's not always clear which way is the best to tackle missions and quests, but having said that, I'm still playing.I think this is a way better game than what the reviews have been saying. I haven't had any performance problems, though, which would probably change my opinion of the game if I did have them."
76561198156274878,Recommended,223100,23075694,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Ex,really fun but youll need a pretty good pc to run it.
76561198027867058,Recommended,223100,23174194,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Le GP,"Just a quickie on the single playerLike far cry but with a subjectively more interesting setting and motivation offset by poor performance that greatly impacts the flow of gameplay (specifically the shooting). Be ready to run it low in order to preserve framerate (becomes a much better experience) and make the shooting feel a lot better.Play it for...- the world- the environmental storytelling- the yellow zones- the general feeling of being a member of an outnumbered and out gunned resistance- chunky gunsbe aware of...- ♥♥♥♥♥♥ AI- Poor optimisation- Shallow characters- debatable motorbike handling- a general lack of polishIf you like to get lost in a world, don't mind making your own fun/ narrative within the loose story and have the hardware to ignore poor optimisation or make it passable then you will probably love the gameplay and feel of it. Ignore the story"
,Not Recommended,223100,30381421,Posted: 7 March,all,HesNotorious,"This game was supposed to be something I was always going to get when it dropped down in price, and now it has. But alas, the game is unplayable as you are force to play in 10 min intervals (Freezeing and crashing on a rig it shouldn't) As someone from Philadelphia I wanted to explore the game and get a real feel for how a team makes my city in game. I wish I could have witnessed it but it froze over 5 times in a short 88 min play."
,Recommended,223100,25428741,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,petskuletsku,I bought the game for -50% and it was worth the money.Open world gameplay is very nice and i really like the combat style.The game is well optimized and runs smoothly.
76561198185789702,Recommended,223100,23074228,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Jimamo,"First of all I have only played this game for an hour. But so far my expierence has been a positive one. It has really engaging gameplay and great graphics. I read some reviews where they say it is optimized badly. I have a GTX 965m and it runs great. I also really like the gurrila tatics not many games have it where once you attack you have to run away, so I like it.8/10"
,Recommended,223100,23075869,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Sexual Tentacle,"It's basically like Far Cry 3-4. If you did not like those, or you are tired of the genre, well this game is not for you.This game is fine, if again, you're ready to accept the fact that it's basically a clone of Far Cry 3-4.Right now there is some issues with the performance and AI, but mostly with the performance.AI can behave strangely and impair your fun. Ex: allies by blocking the way in a corridor or moving you around when they take cover at the exact same spot as you. Ennemies could use an upgrade in AI as well (Ex; Lining up to get shot, failing to take cover or failing at dislodging you or allies out of cover, failling at flanking manoeuvres, target priorities)Better AI would make the battles more coherent and cohesive. Improving the ennemies spawn system would also be great into that matter.Performance is erratic even on a factory overclocked GTX 970. Expect severe frames drops and inconsistent FPS.Howerver it is not game breaking  just really annoying.These are things that can be fixed in time. The fate of this game will depend on the developper ability to improve it over time and to improve it fast.Windows 10 Home x64 (fresh, clean install and optimized)i5 4690k (not overclocked)GALAX GeForce GTX 970 EXOC Black Edition (365.19 drivers)16gb ram500gb SSD (Samsung Evo 850)Despite this I do recommend the game. It is up to you to decide if you should pay the full price for it as of right now."
76561197964667361,Recommended,223100,23047638,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,LordKensington,"firstly, this may change as I have yet to put in 1 hour of game play as of yet (pizza delivered and catch up on gotham so, you know priorities).as of now I am already in love, no firefights as of yet, just some walking around through the streets, beaten up by resistance members,but wow! the graphics are beautiful. not encountered any bugs as of yet, and had no lag in game play.all graphics on max and running beautifully.my only con is, I am confused as to if this is a sequel to the original Homefront. the opening story leads me to believe it is not,as it gives a slightly different story to the KPA being on the east coast, however with that aside, I am beyond happy with the wait so far."
76561198124170602,Not Recommended,223100,23213420,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,narrow,this thing is not a game it is junk .
,Not Recommended,223100,23047506,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,The BDG,"I REALLY want to recommend this game, but this game does not want me to recommend it to you. This game has a bad case of Duke Nukem Forever, it is obvious that this was not a completed product but since it was move from one developer to another they felt the pressure to just get the game out on market.I was looking forward to this game quite a bit, and it did not fail completely out of my personal return policy requirements, but I can not recommend it to other people in all fairness. If they can fix their broken crap I would happily change this review into a positive.Right now though wait to buy this game. If they fix it great pick it up, if not you will save your money on a 85% finished product.Full once over herehttps://youtu.be/Ho936khEaaw"
76561198149230326,Recommended,223100,23082616,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,AdamF,"First off I will say that yes, there are some buggy issues with the game right now, but if you enjoy feeling like a stealthy bad♥♥♥♥♥in anyway, this game is probably for you.  Gameplay feels great and is pretty easy to immerse youself into the game.  I am looking forward to the next couple patches to really solidify a fun resistance expereince."
,Recommended,223100,23091164,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Andy P,"Game was fun. Take it for what it is, no need to put games on such high pedestals before they're even released. The gun play is clunky at times but the overall flow of the game was pretty decent. The story wasn't terrible even though some of the voice acting was hard to experience :P  8/10 good time waster try it out if its on sale"
,Recommended,223100,23091568,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,jakethesnake503,"Good Game, lots of fun and addicting.  I honestly don't know why it is getting such bad reviews from so many people, I think it is outstanding and worth the money."
,Not Recommended,223100,35162450,Posted: 23 September,all,Halsy,The most unpolished and buggy triple-a game i have ever played.
76561197970917881,Recommended,223100,23252008,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,exhumed,"There really should be two kinds of reviews - one for those who actually played the game, and one for those who didn't get to play it for any number of reasons. Of course you wouldn't recommend a game that doesn't work, but that unfair in the overall review percentage for those of us that actually played the game with ok framerate.There's a number of techinal issues with this game, but so have a lot of games, and there's not (for me in any case) enough of them to ruin the game. The overall gameplay and visual style is really good, and if you like Far Cry 4 and Fallout 4, there's not really any good reason why you wouldn't like this as well (provided you can actually run the game).The story is boring and uninteresting, but so were all the Far Cry games and I don't think the story is the point in this one. As good as no multiplayer game ever had a story, but since a story isn't expected, no one cares. This game is about looting for cash to upgrade and taking over bases and absorbing the post-apocalyptic landscape and atmosphere.I see people dislike the game for being repetetive, but I can't really remember any open world game that wasn't.  If you like what you're playing, repetetiveness isn't negative - you just want more of the game. If you don't like the game to begin with, then of course the repetetiveness is like walking though Hell.The game really feels like a Fallout reskin of Far Cry 4 (with a dash of Dying Light), and that's more than good enough for me, even with the technical issues and silly AI.The mixed reviews is really unfair, it's a good game if you take it for what it is - a postapocalyptic FPS shooter with some minor RPG in it. And it even has a coop mode with characters and levels (although I haven't gotten around to that yet).  People tend to complain that the game is short. I'm well over 30 hours and I'm not finished yet, although I do everything there is to do. I also don't rush trough on easy. I recommend playing at Deathwish difficulty to make the game last and to have an actual challenge.I'll leave you off with a 7/10 rusty nails and a warning: It's not really open world, it's just not linear; the levels are big and square instead of straight - that way you can choose your own entry points when taking out bases."
76561197967587834,Recommended,223100,23049344,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,[dark horse] Shit Hot,"I noticed a lot of negative reviews on here... Still purchased.  I have a custom system I built of 2x 980 Ti Hybrids in SLI that are OC and a 4790k on water but stock @ 4 GHz. I'm running 1080p @ 144Hz and I have 32GB RAM. I'm running Nvidia driver version 365.19. I should also mention that my rig has been a labor of love that's been a rollout upgrade since 2014.Turn off super-sampling and the stupid motion blur so you can play and drink without vomiting and I've had no issues. I ran into several issues with super-sampling and motion blur on but once that was kicked, the game is VERY enjoyable even though it needs to be tweaked. I can't honestly give this a bad review after seeing the graphics and the gameplay. Yes, there are some shortcuts taken that are obvious. However, this team spent a lot of time on this game and to me it shows. I've been able to play this maxed out (minus motion blur and super-sampling) on my 1080p @ 144Hz monitor no problem and even though the voice acting is bad according to some reviews, (BARF who cares) I like the game so far. Once into the game, it strikes me very much like Farcry 4 where you conquer territories (Philly) and upgrade weapons with the option of advancing the main mission at your leasure. I forgot to mention that the Korean voice actors seem spot on!I'm honestly not trying to come off like a♥♥♥♥♥♥when I say I have had no issues and I enjoy the game. I've been told that my specs make everything awesome but I assure you that is not the case on custom builds by people like me who know just enough to be dangerous to risk losing lots of money if I failed at the build. Been there, done that. Sometimes different manufacturers products hate eachother and you realize you made a bad decision...Anyway, I am the honest and dissenting voice it seems and I like this game so far and at this point I would purchase it again. I have had no crashes, no graphics issues other than mentioned, and I love the game so far.EDIT: Finished the game!! Noticed TONS of FPS issues in late game to the point where the game was not playable at ALL even on my high-end system. I closed the game enitrely and restarted but that didnt help. Only a complete reboot of my rig would allow me to continue at playable FPS. I suspect game data remains in the GRAM and RAM unless a reboot is performed or real-time data is poor and bogs down the system. I still recommend the game but wow did they waste all of that effort with extremely poor optimization. What a kick in the nuts to those hard workers... It's like building a skyscraper on a Jello foundation. Why? Just why? I also find it hard to believe that an employee did not bring up these CRUSHING PROFIT PERFORMANCE ISSUES before release. I know these issues were brought up at BETA from players but for some reason the decision was made to press on and ignore. Seriously, think of the money and accolaids that could have been had if you released a quality product instead of releasing pig vomit performance and play catch-up as you go... Also, a free upgrade of digital crap does not satisfy anybody if you CAN'T PLAY THE ♥♥♥♥ING GAME!!"
76561198148797611,Not Recommended,223100,31638022,Posted: 8 May,all,Wolfy,"Good premise if you like Farcry, but it gets boring quickly. Might be worth the $10 sale price for someone who wants a modernly placed Farcry."
,Not Recommended,223100,25424385,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,slatrhaus,"Homefront: The Revolution is like that one really tasty looking candy that actually tastes like♥♥♥♥♥♥ (If you don't get what that means, I'm trying to say it has good graphics but the gameplay is♥♥♥♥♥)"
76561198157922096,Not Recommended,223100,23924971,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,GUMBALOYD,"BUYER BEWARE!!! So this is what i sent steam.          This is my 3rd attempt refund of this crappy game i am disgusted to have in my library. As i said in my 2nd request,i started the game again(after about 1.5hr not aware of 2hr playtime limit) with a friend for second opinon to see if he might like to buy, also i would of spent at least half an hour adjusting graphic settings in game. I like to not rush my games , as this game has a nice intro/start,but when you finaly start to open up the game to see its true colours i was thourghly DISSAPOINTED. After using up 35.5GB i wanted to play enough to be sure i didnt like it ,and starting the game again to show friend put me over 2hr limit(when you try to refund for the first time you find this out). 2hr playtime limit for some games i think may not be sufficiant because these days games are alot involved and need some time to get to terms with? STEAM PLEASE REFUND, as this has been an expensive first time lesson! Saved money for summer sale and would like to swap for GTA5 please, cmon steam be a good sport.   After all this im just a little girl and they still declined me.....$#@!"
76561198175318859,Recommended,223100,25336744,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,( ),A surprisingly good game I would reccomend it!
76561198168653500,Not Recommended,223100,23104292,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Eisbrecher,this game is trash3 bullets and yes you are deathtoo difficultdo not buy this crap
76561197968708023,Not Recommended,223100,23401648,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Weyland-Yutani,"I really wanted to like this game. In fact, I preordered it. Unfortunately, the gameplay is mediocre at best.The AI is plagued with pathfinding problems. More often than not you will get stuck in a room while your recruits block the exit; forcing you to either dismiss them of kill them. The enemy AI is very poor; at medium difficulty the game is way too easy.The theme appealed me a lot, but because of all the problems, you do not get immersed in what was supposed to be a rebellion against foreign forces.The graphics obviously suffer from the fact that this is a multiplatform game and textures have to be toned down for the PS4 and Xbox One.Lastly, there are some serious optimization issues. I have a fairly decent PC with a 980 TI Strix and still I get poor frame rate from time to time.Sorry, I cannot recommend this game."
76561198175775970,Not Recommended,223100,23440809,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,gyandip.mallhi,this game is a peice of♥♥♥♥♥♥ do not purchase it. it is the worst game of 2016. lame story. ♥♥♥♥♥♥ graphics. id rather grind on clash of clan than playing this horrible game.
,Not Recommended,223100,24357437,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,bysin,"Initially, the game wasn't too bad. The hearts & minds quests ruined this game for me."
,Recommended,223100,23058970,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,SPIRITBEARD,"its an okay game. nothing life changing, but its better than the first.i do kinda wish there was more weapons and equipment to upgrade and stuff, but who knows maybe there will be good dlc for that."
,Not Recommended,223100,30387824,Posted: 8 March,all,Wombat,"Why not recommend this game?Well...  at first it seems like a decent game but when you are playing on the highest difficulty and the AI is so dumb that you can run straight throught a group of enemies and shoot some of them on the way and they just keep standing and perhaps turn to the direction where you came from BUT they don't do anything to stop you before you've gone so far that they despawn. Please, the AIs' reflexes are on the same level as a potato is.The devs tried to make the weapon system like the one in crysis where you can change parts on the go which is nice and otherwise it seems like a decent game, but I just couldn't take the dumbness of the AI."
,Not Recommended,223100,24764169,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,kiтт€иии,Not that great an ok game .. enemies spawning right before my eyes and when i aim to kill them they dissasapear...
76561198253511863,Recommended,223100,25529305,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,+Kreuzritter+,"As many reviews here show, gamers these days have mutated into a bunch of cry-babies.This game has some technical flaws but is no way a bad game.Just a few minutes into this game and i love it already.***UPDATE: After spending 3h into the game i must say, despite some technical flaws of course, this is one of the best shooters i played lately. I love the graphics, the atmosphere and the way how missions progress. On hardest difficulty you really have to carefully use stealth-tactics, every rambo-style gameplay works as well....that means if you dont have a problem with dozens of mission-restarts until you finally made it.Its really a miracle to me how this game gets such bad critics and when it comes to the technical flaws i have to say i actually play with FXAA and everything else on highest setting, and all i get is some slight stuttering at certain surroundings which never became annoying enough to make me stop playing it."
,Recommended,223100,23368781,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,THcEount,"I actually quite enjoyed this game. A lot  of players seem to have not, and I am saddened by this. I did not see any performance issues outside of the game saving at the checkpoints and such. Only issues i had were the following:- delays when saving the game (which because it is saving I am ok with)- one incident of the mission not working because a truck got stuck that I was supposed to escort: reloading a previous checkpoint fixed thisGeneral Play is a mix between Farcry and Crysis (which I absolutely love both). I would greatly suggest this game if you enjoyed Farcry and Crysis. Otherwise you most likely will not enjoy. I do hope that there is more merits released soon :DMy System:- CPU: Intel i7-4820k (3.7 GHz)- GPU: Nvidia GTX 780 Ti- RAM: 12 GB- OS: Windows 7 64 Bit Pro"
76561198172213522,Recommended,223100,23487670,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,pikminbeebop,"I honestly believe this game is really good! I do not know why people are complaining about it having a lot of bugs, frame rate issues, brain dead AI, and bad story. Well...... some of that is true but Dambuster Studio have indeed manage to fix some of these issues as they promised. My only problem with the game right now is that the story could have been better, (a little bit cheesy), The AI does need some fixing, and for some reason there are times when i start the game and when i get into the optimization is ok, but sometimes when I start the game again the performance it awful. Cannot tell if this is a bug or its just meoverall I do recommend this game, but be aware its not for everyone."
76561198038677764,Not Recommended,223100,26603250,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,=7Cav=1SG.O'Devlin.S.,"Worst game i ever bought.Was excited when it came out, and streamed it for about 13 hours and the bugs and issues continued to get worse and worse.Missions were all the same, never anything different or new, got burnt on it fast, and the coop is just as bad. If you want something to keep you busy tell a better game comes out and can buy this for maybe 10 bucks than ya, but even 30 isnt worth it. Just stay away."
,Recommended,223100,34749057,Posted: 4 September,all,Lucky Dice,It's ok/10
76561198068865782,Recommended,223100,25507750,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,kafstar1,urban far cry...10/10
,Not Recommended,223100,23337638,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,cheapasmilk,"Lots of fun, THE CONCEPT I ALWAYS WANTED. BUUUUUUUUUUUUUUUGSSSS!!!!More bugs than Rico can gun down. If you like the San Andreas Gang Territory style gameplay. THIS IS FOR YOU! Hopefully they can get reinforcements on the insect crushing though. Then it will be worth the amount of money I paid."
76561198088727504,Not Recommended,223100,23475816,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,yuhh!,"I bought this game because I liked the other homefront and I thought the trailers looked pretty cool. I downloaded the game and started playing, everything was fine until I beat the tutorial and actually started combat, Aiming feels akward, almost like your mouse is lagging and when you actually fire your weapon the recoil is very hard to manage, I'm not sure if this is intentional or not but either way it makes the experience suffer. Another thing that was unsatifactory was driving, I couldn't make any turns without crashing into walls and there was absolutley no way I could go up ramps (It was like driving a car in Hatred). Considering that those two things are major mechanics of the game it threw off the entire experince and I ended up refunding the game. However I will say that it had a few good parts; the graphics looked very nice (Although I feel like the devs put more time into them than the actual game mechanics) and the hacking bit that you could do with your phone was pretty cool too. Overall I'm extremely dissapointed"
76561198102344463,Not Recommended,223100,23481076,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,enrique9569,i will never buy again.
,Recommended,223100,23242849,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Blink Ensu,"The story isnt so formulaic as many on here claim it is. There are also some quality historical echoes involved with being a freedom fighter against a foreign power in Philadelphia amongst the twists in the story arc.It is less an open world shooter then it is a single path shooter with some extra areas to explore. I find that to be different enough from the mainstream games to be fresh. The graphics are top notch as well and I have had 0 issues with optimization. The only drawback as with many open world games is not all the terrain is smooth to operate on and there are some platform aspects that do not carry over so well.The voice acting? I grew up around Philly and I gotta say. The voice actors they chose are top notch. These people sound exactly like I would imagine the Philadelphian resistance to sound like. Gun nut philosopies and all. Even the dirt bikes fit the theme of Philly although I wish they were actually useful and controllable.Enemy AI is bad and the endless spawn in the open map is annoying. If you kill them fast enough and get cover away from the airships though, you're golden. A silenced pistol and skill with the crossbow are your friends. You will also learn to run away from your ambushes quickly .... that part is very realistic and I believe that to be their goal. This isnt a Rambo game. This isn't DOOM. You have to plan a bit before the shooting starts. Fortunately the AI is predictable and planning can be done with a minimal amount of scouting.Overall. This game is getting a bad rap. For what exactly? idk. I've played many games with overall positive reviews and worse mechanics/coding.This isn't The Division or Far Cry or DOOM. Apples and Oranges. It is a bit of everything and a little bit of the original Assassins Creed too."
76561198062643815,Not Recommended,223100,29274247,Posted: 15 January,all,Asterix,"I'm not even gonna address the bugs in this game, because the bugs are not what makes this game as ♥♥♥♥♥♥ as it is. The whole concept is broken. An endless amount of enemies will come when one of the NPC's spot you, so you are forced to go stealth. Enemies tank bullets like no tomoro so you are forced to use the sniper for stealth. Sniper has incredibly low rate of fire so when you see 3+ enemies, you are forced to not engage them. When there's two enemies, you are forced to headshot them both in a short period of time or they will pull down their pants and start plucking out an endless supply of allies out of their ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. '♥♥♥♥ it, let's not stealth.' Oh hey wait i forgot, there's an endless spawn of enemies so you are forced to go stealth. Now imagine the meme with the black lady with her hand up like she's saying 'what the ♥♥♥♥'. Perfect meme. I know. Don't buy this. You're welcome."
76561198192853353,Not Recommended,223100,31909991,Posted: 22 May,all,Matthew,bad game poor perfrormace and crashing
76561198051863657,Recommended,223100,23366445,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,SinkorSwim,"Why the ♥♥♥♥ is everyone saying this game is bad??? First fo when im writing this ive had 20 hours on record and this game is still fun and its not slowing down. Second off i havent even touched the multiplayer aspect which if its anything like the base game it should be amazing and bring in more then 20 hours itself no dout. Next i would like to say that this game has no major problems that stop it form being playable, ""but I have a good computer and when i run this game it lags everything"" you might say, well heres a clue your computer is♥♥♥♥♥♥if u cant run this game without any problems cause i bought my computer 3 year ago and last year i only updated my graphics driver to a Geforce 970 and this game works fine so before you start shiting on this game because of how♥♥♥♥♥♥it is think about how♥♥♥♥♥♥your computer is and if maybe it about time to upgarde it."
76561198131868077,Recommended,223100,23360842,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,PunchPC,"This game was just awesome. Ignore the negative reviews, I didn't experience any performance issues. Don't miss out on your chance to kill north koreans with IED's..."
,Recommended,223100,25369889,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,DoktorVivi,Actually pretty fun.
76561198028609436,Not Recommended,223100,29990615,Posted: 17 February,all,Churchs32,so much wasted potential
,Not Recommended,223100,23106675,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Andoo,"Concept, fantastic. Bugs, Christ there is a lot.Missions, I am stuck on one mission, felt like there was little thought put into some of these.Overall open world. Gets repetitive.Rating 6.5/10I would only purchase this game if the common bugs and errors are fixed. I am running a 980ti and I can't even run the game well. Why? Ask the devs!Edit: to all the butthurt people who bought the game and are supporting it for some reason, thanks for the downvotes!"
76561198032731056,Recommended,223100,23235534,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,zti0001,"This game is getting a lot of greif, simply because most computers seem to not be up to the task graphically to support this game. The game was a 35GB download, so you knew it was gonna be massive and that it was going to be graphically demanding. Besides a few FPS shuttering here and there, the game is great. That being said, I feel like this is a MAJOR improvement over the original Homefront, but there is still some room for development. The story could have been better developed and the map could have been a bit larger.Otherwise, this is a solid game!"
76561198100796040,Recommended,223100,23247411,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Eion,britty good
76561197987729728,Recommended,223100,23234428,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,Squire,"Don't know why this game has so many bad reviews, its not getting the credit it derserves. Probably people crying about the Online mode not being pvp.Compared to the first homefront game, it has completely changed. With it being open world and all.ProsDecent GraphicsOpen worldI found the story quite goodThe gameplay is unique with cryengine, feels alot more realistic than all the Call of Dutys i have played.The gun upgrades i liked quite alotGun Customization is really uniqueConsLimited GunsCan feel reptitive at timesAfter a few hours of play a day you can get bored.The game can be abit annoying at timesOverall its a decent fps, with a good story,  with an open world. You can tell the guys that made this game put alot of work into it, and i believe its better then any Call of duty story you will play, but the Online multiplayer is cooperation, its not so good, which i feel that its a bit of a let down, would of been good if they adopted the PVP from the first Homefront game.I would recommend buying the game as it can be a lot of fun most times, and if you looking for a FPS to kill alot of hours and liked Homefront 1, you most probably won't be dissapointed.I wouldn't listen to guys reviews if they havn't even gave the game a chance with like 2-4 hours of play."
,Not Recommended,223100,23045557,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Captain Mormon,"I have been highly anticipating this game, reading every article and watching every interview. The game is finally released and the first 25 minutes is just cutscene (to be expected from any singleplayer game) then the first few minutes of gameplay are awesome. Ultra graphics settings and 60fps in a very rich enviroment full of people. I get out into the actual game and struggled to keep 45fps on a pretty nice rig. The ""open-world"" aspect was bland and had no story to it at all. I got on a motorcycle and tried to drive it, but that didn't really work. The camera angle was always off and I would crash within seconds. Inside of this bland story-less game even on normal difficulty were hundreds of drones and soldiers that killed me pretty quick. It got to the point where I wondered why I was even torturing myself with this brutal terrible gameplay and 30 fps. I then realized that there is no point because there is no story. If the entire game was like the beginning part of the game it would have been amazing, but it wasn't. I refunded this game as quickly as a I could. Extremely disappointed."
,Recommended,223100,29615624,Posted: 31 January,all,Volt,"Homefront The RevolutionHomefront The Revolution (HFR) is a First-person military styled shooter set in the future area (2029) the US has been invaded by North Korea.  HFR is the sequel to Homefront (2011).  The game continues along the same plot but the story is new and takes place on the east coast in Philadelphia 2029, just two years after the rebellion movement on the west coast (Bay Area) in Homefront.The game project was started and sold multiple times before finally ending up in Dambuster Studios/ Deep Silver.  As a result this is a project with many developers hands in the mix so it shouldn't be too big os a shock it wasn't exactly what many had hoped for.  For starters, the best part of Homefront (2011) was the multiplayer, which was very similar to CoD, only to be ignored and left out of the sequel.  Instead a Co-op mode was provided in its place. This did not set well with the community which caused a backlash of predicted negative reviews before anyone even had a chance to play the game.GameplayThe game is open world but you have to follow a progression to go to each new section.  In each section you will follow the main story as well as have the oportunity to complete side missions.  While these can be fun and even challenging at times, they feel repetitive.  The plot is interesting but the delivery is lack luster.The gameplay is the standard FPS feel.  The controls and UI are adaquate but do not invent the wheel, just more of the same things sound in other FPS shooters like the Fallout and Farcry series with weapon/item selections and crafting.  The coolest thing in the game is the weapon mods that allow you to turn you weapons into just about anyhting bt switching upper receivers and other items allowing you to carry an arsenal without carrying 20 weapons.  The gameplay is smooth but there is a collision problem when taking cover up against walls where you can see thru them.BugsI wish the collision problem was the only bug but it is not.  The game's release was bug infested to the point I gave up trying to play it and waited months before trying again. Most of the game breaking issues like the fps drops and crashes seem to be resolved, but the collision issue is ever present. There are also issues where you can jump thru a window but not back in which makes no sense. Co-op is difficult to find matches for and inviting friends isn't as easy as it should be.AIThe AI can be deadly with aimbot skills killing you with only a single shot to the head. However, the AI also feels broken in that at times you can kill someone stealthly and move along with your mission. At other times, you take someone out stealthly with a silenced weapon only to be rushed by multiple enemies, overrun, and killed. The AI will also see you in a building if you stand to close to a wall and begin shooting at you or alert other AI to your presence. This is usually resolved be stepping away from the wall, but not always.GraphicsThe game is built on CryEngine which is used in games like Far Cry, Crysis, Sniper Ghost Warrior 2, Kingdom Come Deliverance, and Roberts Space Industries Star Citizen. Needless to say the engine is capable of breath taking visuals.  While the game looks good and is immersive, it was poorly optimized and felt as though it did not have the graphical fidelity other other titles on the same engine.MultiplayerAs stated earlier, the team deathmatch/domination style multiplayer modes were removed and replaced with a multiplayer co-op version of the game.  While the co-op game mode is fun, it lacks the replay appeal of a true multiplayer game mode provides. People have complained of connectivity issues with multiplayer as well as isssues of teaming with friends.ConclusionThe game has been patched and runs well enough to enjoy now although the gameplay does feels repetitive.  If you're ok with completing similar missions throughout the game, like you would in a Far Cry game, pick it up. The game isn't bad and I have had fun with it, but it does fails to deliver that I cannot stop playing feeling I have experienced in other games. I do believe it is worth playing especially if it is on sale so I am going to give it a Yes on my Recommendation."
76561198143657137,Not Recommended,223100,29711315,Posted: 4 February,all,Lucky,"I wish I could give this game a good review, but I'd be lying if I did. Homefront: The Revolution is a game with some cool, fresh concepts that would only be good, if the rest of the game wasn't an absolute mess. It's one of the most poorly optomized, glitchy, and overall boring open-world first person shooter, full of bugs and a pretty awful campaign. The game has some cool ideas that would be great if the game wasn't the way it is, however even then, it's just more of a novelty than actually being a useful concept. The shooting feels alright, gameplay is ok, graphics are nice, atmosphere is pretty good, but the story is bad and there's so much wasted potential of what could've been a good game. What a dissapointment of a game. I was so excited to play this game and all it did was steal my money and give me a huge punch to the face. Even if you got this game dirt cheap, it's not worth the hassle trying to spend hours to getting it to work right, then just saying screw it and uninstalling it. Wish I was still eligable for a refund. 5/10"
76561197966574229,Recommended,223100,24140544,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Skuzzy AST,Yes
,Not Recommended,223100,30464058,Posted: 11 March,all,Alexander ✔,"Unfortunately, this game it's not for me, the history and gameplay seem cool but my PC couldn't stand the game.I opened the game and after the beautiful videos, I started singleplayer. A game scene appeared and it started to lag out everything, and I couldn't even skip it. After 6 or maybe 7 minutes waiting for the game to start, I finally could move around, I realize that it was laggy too. Then I moved to multiplayer and it was even worse, I couldn't even aim at the enemy, however, somehow I got 7 kills, a guy had to carry me all over the mission and we couldn't even finish it, haha."
76561198175049138,Not Recommended,223100,29273477,Posted: 15 January,all,NorGamer91,"The only thing i can say, is DON'T by this garbage!"
76561198074145669,Not Recommended,223100,31739229,Posted: 13 May,all,Stubbz,Very very VERY BAD
76561198120120855,Recommended,223100,30532027,Posted: 15 March,all,Aki秋,"♥♥♥♥♥The game is fantastic in general.Mixed it with dying light without the main character voice. felt like a dog tbh.i like how the gun from primary to secondary guns.one thing i against is that it too easy to die.you shot the korean like 12 times and they were still breathing.i also found a glitch, maybe?...... idkit i can simple walk past the wall. but it a good glitch for me, make it faster for me to arrived.i have not yet completed the game but i will soon.currently it 7.9/10 from my opinion.sorry for the english.             peace xxxx"
,Recommended,223100,30411811,Posted: 9 March,all,Shvabenz,Dying Light+Cryisis=Homefront: The Revoluton.MASTER PIECE.
76561198022626773,Not Recommended,223100,25480762,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,prohairetic,Wow. So boring. Even less story than first game. Maybe ok as online shooter. Avoid. Z-
76561198021008557,Recommended,223100,28679388,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,PapiMcFadden,"Decent game, worth picking up in a sale."
76561197971355847,Recommended,223100,23645997,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,diaboulos,"Bad game? really? This game is simply put stunning, I really like it and the developers has put a lot of effort into this wonderful GEM, this has so much to offer in FPS/open world genre, as a singleplayer experience this really shines, I have not tried coop and will not play online either, I just don't like multiplayer... because of that I can't give it any opinion.I measure entertainment in money so for like one hundred Skr (Swedish) I get 1 hour fun ok? so if I have fun in 6 hours I will pay 600Skr, that's fair, so in this case I've put at least 60hours in to this and I'm really pleased by the experience so far, it is really cheap for that.I will say that I really had problems with the graphics and crashes until I reverted to an earlier version for nvidia PhysX, version 9.13.1220 since then not a single crash or other problems. I have a SLI with GTX770+GTX780Ti and it works wonderful with Nvidia inspector tool and the reverted PhysX drivers.A REALLY GOOD WORK DAMBUSTER STUDIOS.I give this GEM 9/10"
,Not Recommended,223100,31591218,Posted: 6 May,all,Niggy Minaj,♥♥♥♥♥♥ optimisation  considering not so over-the-top graphics and design
76561198028921451,Not Recommended,223100,28342745,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Durendal,I can't believe that I actually wasted money on this game.  It is so full of bugs and glitches that it is not worth playing.
,Not Recommended,223100,26023654,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Lukash,"i was very excited when it came out. bought it within the first week to be completely disapointed. The game itself is quite short, Story is alright at best but gameplay is not good. side missions suck. game was very poorly optimized with bugs evreywhere. i miss those days where you could rent a game at blockbuster for 48 hours because i would have never bought this cancerous piece of leftover. if i could i would ask for my money back but gaben already spent it on the Co** and exotic dancers. thanks mate. i would rate this product - One of the many reasons Harambe died. may he rest in peace. not even worth 20$ at best."
76561198057280962,Recommended,223100,23058894,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Tour_Guy_Bob,"I'm liking the game, but it's so terribly optimized that it is damn near impossible to play. Maybe they'll compensate us, or at least patch it. I like the overarching story, but I can't really experience it at the moment. I have an I7 6700k and a 980oc and it's STRUGGLING to keep a consistent framerate...Edit: THEY FIXED IT"
,Not Recommended,223100,29637962,Posted: 1 February,all,Menlow,"Literally a game you can play if you just have time to kill or want something to shoot at. Dont expect well designed combat though, the KI can shoot through walls while you cant. The character are cliche and even cringey to an extend and you will do nothing but shoot things while doing the same task over and over and over again.Now it was fun for the first 12 - 15 hours but it just gets worse the further you are into the story. Some characters die with overdramatic scenes and sad music while you basically never interacted with most other than them telling you basic ""get me item x""♥♥♥♥♥♥via the radio. So when these characters die and its clear that the game want you to be like ""oh noooo"" but in the end you just watch it and continue on your wayOf course the renown never talking super rebel you play as doesnt help there either.Pro Tipps to enjoy this game:Step 1 - Get a trainerStep 2 - Blast your favourite aggressive music through your media playerStep 3 - Get yourself unlimited Ammo and healthStep 4 - Get upgradesStep 5 - Shoot everything that moves(Because the LMG and Shotgun are basically the only enjoyable weapons in this game since everything else seems to be shooting with softballs for bullets)Dont buy this for more then 10 dollars / eur whatever"
,Not Recommended,223100,25460102,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Inst!nct,"Just tried playing the single-player campaign for free because the previous one was good. After downloading it for over 2 days, I must say was terribly disappointed with the overall experience the game provided. Everything felt below par like a game developed perhaps five years ago. Story takes place in what feels like a post-apocalyptic world which was very much reminiscent of Metro 2033. Missions feel a tad like they are taken from Far Cry. Game-play doesn't feel smooth or enjoyable. Was pretty much hoping for the free duration to be over."
76561198015347235,Not Recommended,223100,35081289,Posted: 20 September,all,Maximus660,"Bought it on discount, still feels like a rip-off....Campaign is dull and have no 'climate'- Ridiculous upgrades and cash system (You can't loot anything like amour or gun's from enemies)- AI, resistance/occupants act the sameAccording to “steamcharts” multiplayer is almost dead.No such 'simple logic' turns it into next less then decent or medi-core game."
,Recommended,223100,34760365,Posted: 5 September,all,Bai dvoiko mutrata,Very good game good weapons and can customize it
76561197978988394,Recommended,223100,23096070,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,BodyCount,Having a blast
76561198023557306,Recommended,223100,23506532,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,ColdAvoral,"Just finished the main story, didn't reach 100% completion however so I thought I'd offer my 2 cents.Firstly, I'll say that I was playing on high on a single GPU, I had 3 instances toward the end of the campaign that saw my framerate drop to a crawl, but that remedied itself quickly. Other than that my framerates were fairly smooth. There was always a half-to-one seccond pause on autosave/gunsmith locker/store exiting, but I got used to that fairly quickly.The game world -LOOKS- amasing, in my mind. Playing at 1080p, I loved it especially at night time. Fire effects look great, explosions were a little dissapointing both in visual and sound... more on sound later. NPC's look great, though some of the randomly generated combinations for resistance fighters look a little odd. I generally liked the look of the game, the details of the world especially (like the ""Where to Shoot"" posters all over safe-houses and such.) and the atmosphere of the world is very well realised as far as the North Korean occupation of America is concerned. Each of the districts felt unique in my mind, nothing felt over-used in terms of terrain.The sound was a little lackluster, though weapons sound great. Explosions and such don't sound too punchy, footsteps aren't loud enough either which doesn't assist stealth, when you come around the corner into a walking KPA trooper.The weapons were cool, they look customised/personalised like a bunch of undisciplined civillians-turned-guerilla fighters would have. (""U mad Bro?"" on the reflex sight? loved it) and the Guerilla Toolkit Items like Molotovs, Pipe Bombs, Hack Tools and Firecrackers and their deployment options all looked and felt decidedly cobbled together. It didn't feel like the resistance had 'too much tech' in my mind. And the KPA forces were suitably challenging all the way through (I played on the middle difficulty) and I really enjoyed the gunplay. I especially liked the first-person take on blind firing weapons and the cover system even if I had to fidget a little to make it work sometimes.Missions though they are simple and use the same framework, to me, felt reasonably different. ""Eliminate the Snipers""  task might take different forms. The first time snipers are occupying an appartment block, the seccond time you are investigating an overwatch post that went dark, only to find snipers have taken them out. etc.The phone is a really neat way to handle your characters quests and such, just wish some of the text messages were helpfull other than just pats on the back from the major NPC's.Motorcycles felt great, though collision wasn't ideal and running a KPA trooper down does nothing. Would have liked to be able to turn your view more and possibly use a sidearm whilst on the bike too.My biggest issue is the way KPA NPC's and vehicles spawn in and out almsot at random, quite often a guard harassing a citizen that I was about to shoot after I put on my pistol's supressor would suddenly vanish. Or if I see a patrol with an APC on the streets of a red zone, when I duck behind cover and prep an exlposive strapped to an RC car, suddenly when I drive it to their location, they're totally gone... not driven away, just gone.The story wasn't great, but I enjoyed it. All in all I will be giving it another go in a few patches time on harder difficulty. Probably working to make 100% completion."
,Not Recommended,223100,25477618,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,linkfyre,"Not worth the time or money. Played 20 minutes of it, controls are trash and hostile AI is garbage."
76561198006756264,Recommended,223100,26128920,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,Edgewalker,This is actually quite a decent game
,Recommended,223100,31777828,Posted: 15 May,all,vasyan,"It's a good enough game. Even though it had a lot of bugs back when it was just released, it is quite much playable a year later. I myself had a few crashed while playing it, but overall experience with it is nice.Main story will keep you for about 15-20 hrs, while all the DLCs can be completed in less than 3 hours.If you see this game on a sale and you have nothing to do on a weekend, grab this game."
76561198066481247,Recommended,223100,23304938,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,クイントアジト,"(NO SPOILERS)I like this game so much already.The activities which you can do are so great.Sneaking, hacking, upgrading (weapons, gear etc.) and more. The story itself is also great including some horrific moments.And yes there are some (small) negative points but not that huge so far i have discovered, and doesn't bother me that much. The game-play its fps is locked around 30 and further more you might discover some bugs/glitchesExample, an Nork (North-Korean) sniper inside a tower, the walls of the tower are invisible and you might see through it.Or few invisible walls on the ground at some corners (i just discovered two of them but that's it).Recruit innocent civilians and prisoners and let them join the Resistance against (North) Korea. Let them feel the uprising, show no mercy, take back what's rightfully yours, restore and show freedom to the world.I recommend and rate this game 7/10."
76561197972698420,Not Recommended,223100,23307237,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,l2andom,"Waste of time. I've never played a video game where I couldn't wait for it to end. First one was bad, figured new developer on the second one so I'd give them a chance. Nope. Feelsbadman."
76561198016277251,Not Recommended,223100,23330017,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,AlexMBrennan,"Pretty mediocre shooter. I had hoped to see something different from the annual CoD iteration but they pretty much wasted the theme - liberating areas is way too easy (interact with the objective to make hostiles vanish instantly), and once you have liberated a zone you get plenty of allied redshirts, an infinite supply of rockets and will never be bothered by the KPA again.To be fair, the campaign is no worse than the annual CoD - less flashy explosions, but a slightly more original theme but then again you probably wouldn't buy CoD for the singleplayer.Multiplayer is dead, which is just as well because it's just a generic cheap ""farm missions for cash to buy loot crates"" Skinner box.I didn't encounter any massive bugs other than the fact that the photographic quest didn't progress (blindly stabbing the target did work, but frankly that entire mission should have been scrapped given how utterly inadequate controls are - e.g. you cannot stand up while holding the phone, so designing a mission around holding the phone is utterly stupid).Performance wise, FPS seemed to hover around 50 (with a few drops, including one brief case of FPS dropping 5 for no apparent reason in the prison area) in a R390, i7-6700k, 16GB VM i.e. it runs a lot worse than better looking games like Fallout 4."
76561198130032346,Not Recommended,223100,23059783,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,MurlocHolmes,"So; I bought and refunded after about an hour of gametime -- And I'll quickly explain why.First the good -- From a technical stand point I didnt encounter a single problem; smooth 60+ with everything maxed. I was pretty surprised after hearing the Internet rabble prior to playing, so I was happy to see I wasnt one of those affected by tech problems.... But then I started playing, and I kind of have to end It there on the ""good"".Because thats really the best I can say about this particular game. And even completely maxed out (At 1080) It still looks a bit dated at best, unimpressive for a game that released this year; maybe If it were a few years ago...This game immediatly reminded me of Metro (Take your pick) In Its gameplay and mechanics, and thats not really a good thing -- Granted both Metro's were, and are awesome games; like I said -- dated.  Everything just feels ""off"", even hopping over obsicles, or just walking/running looks weird and jerky.The story and characters were pretty forgettable (IMO) for my short time, & after my small hour or so Ingame I was not willing at all to push past that 2 hour mark to ""see If It gets better"".All In all; I simply did not enjoy this game, and I wanted to."
,Not Recommended,223100,28946369,Posted: 2 January,all,Krombopulos Michael,Took me 40 minutes to get into the actual game only to get killed instanly. The ♥♥♥♥ went wrong with this game? I liked the idea and trailer and this♥♥♥♥♥♥is garbage. Dont touch it.
76561198087816042,Not Recommended,223100,30644263,Posted: 20 March,all,Ligeia,"Not even an hour in the game and I'm already sick of it. Lack of interaction with the world, poor mission arrangement, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ AI and repetitive gameplay. I am so glad that I bought this game when it's on sale. Does not worth the money if you bought it full price.  The graphic technically looks nice I guess but good graphics only exacerbates the lack of interaction due to the antithetical feeling that everything looks nice but useless."
76561198011389899,Not Recommended,223100,31889049,Posted: 21 May,all,Woodsparrow,"I'm playing the game well after release, so all of the bugs and issues seem to have been ironed out.I'm going to ignore everything else and just mention that the gameplay itself is boring. It's a 'go capture tower/fort' game. The gunplay is bad. Weapons are horribly inacurate, enemy AI is laughably stupid, you end up 'hiding' in trash cans for 3/4 of the game.Auto aim is enabled by default for some reason.The game ran horribly on my PS4, so when it came up for sale on steam I grabbed it because I thought it had some promise. I was wrong."
,Not Recommended,223100,28217882,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,KiLL3r,One of the worst made games i've ever seen. If you can't pick this up for under $10 then don't bother.
76561197964094961,Not Recommended,223100,30656971,Posted: 21 March,all,Killjoy,horrible controls and like others have already said it feels just like I am playing a worse version of farcry 3.
76561198139013554,Not Recommended,223100,31946202,Posted: 24 May,all,passerywy0,Would get strong head ache when play...
76561198118532766,Not Recommended,223100,25580121,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,El Chupacabra,"ITS BAGGED, AFTER FIRST CITY, ITS NOT LOADING"
76561198146691877,Not Recommended,223100,31844605,Posted: 19 May,all,Wild_Wheat,"I don't know how else to say it, this game is terrible. It is so repetitive that even my grandmother with Alzheimer's said, ""Hey, didn't you do that part already?"" After about the first two ""missions, i lost the ability to actually have fun in this game. Don't waste your time, or your money. Not worth it. H1Z1 Just survive is better than this game, and that game is broken."
,Not Recommended,223100,26208795,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,bot_jonah,"Definition of ""meh"".I can't really recommend this game, but I also can't say that it is a total waste of time. The biggest issue I had is the acheivements are bugged to Hell. I don't consider acheivements a top priority, but they do add an extra bit of fun and playability to some games for me, especially open world ones like this. The stat tracking is laughable, and there is really no excuse other than bad developing/optimization. If it were just the acheivements that were not tracking, it'd be one thing, but the in-game challenges only registered when they felt like it, and some mission objectives forced me quit the game and log back in in order to progress.That being said, is the game fun? Yes. Is it worth buying? Not really. I picked it up on sale for $23 and that still felt overpriced. I love the Far Cry games and I read many reviews saying that this was a similar setup but in a wartorn urban environment. What's not to love? Well for starters, the environment is rather boring and repatative. The map is small, and the traveling system is somewhat of a joke. Honestly, this game would probably have been groundbreaking if it had been released 7 years ago, but it just can't compete with any modern comparable games.I really can't even tell you about the story because it seemed like nonsense. I ended up actually muting the voices about halfway through  because I just could not bring myself to care about what was actually going on. There are a few extended dialogue heavy cutscenes that I alt-tabbed out of until they were over,I don't want it to sound like I am completley ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ on this game, because I really don't feel that bad about it. After I locked in, I found it hard to pull myself away from because the gameplay is fluid. I had very few techincal glitches, no crashes, and was able to maintain 55-65fps on high settings with a GTX 970. The graphics are beautiful and it feels well optimized.The crafting system is intuitive and well-built. The gadgets are pretty cool, albeit not very special or exciting. The real place where this game seems original is in the weapons system. I really loved the on-the-fly modding of weapon types/attachments. You can carry two primary weapons and a secondary pistol (that can be standard, an SMG, or powerful silenced pneumatic variation). Your two main weapons are actually 6 weapons and allow you to build what you need to adapt to most situations. The only thing that I didn't like was that you couldn't attach your suppressor to your marksman rifle. I just don't understand why. I'm guessing it was to encourage/force you to use the crossbow in long range stealth encounters, but I just hate crossbows in video games for some reason, especially this one.Anyway, I think your money would be better spent on many other games (Fallout 4, Farcry 3&4, & Borderlands are all better options that scratch an open world FPS itch far better than this one).  If you've played everything else and are just looking for something new to pass the time, this game is not the worst option you have. It really is just ""meh""."
76561198025469406,Not Recommended,223100,31983523,Posted: 26 May,all,TomB,Terrible Game Feels UnFinished not Fun B list
,Recommended,223100,30710399,Posted: 24 March,all,☭Bepis☭,"Love it. currently my best experience in an open world fps so fas,if u havent tried or heard anything about it here are some point i found cool.pros1.day night cycle2.open world3.good a.i *for my standards*4.good story *again for my standards*5.decently long i finished it in about 9 or 10 hours *idk if its long or short compared to other open world games*6.few guns BUT u can customise them pretty well like a pistol converted to an smg7.it scales with your level but its good scaling if that makes any sense8.it makes you feel like you are actually doing stuff, *once again in my opiniun* no this settlement doesnt need our help.9.flashpoints, basically random encaounters or something.10.u can kinda do what u wantcons1.not a full coop campaign only individual missions2.u cant drive vehicles3.people say its farcry. *idk why maybe its just me but i dont think its like farcry*all in all i would rate it 10/10."
76561198192044217,Recommended,223100,28124250,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Reboyz,I want to play Co-Op Please Add Friend to Join with me
76561197984576500,Not Recommended,223100,31805718,Posted: 17 May,all,Moonshadow,"I was prepared to ignore  the negative reviews and try this game out while it was on sale, after one hour game play I gave up it is  truly arwful."
,Not Recommended,223100,29433047,Posted: 22 January,all,BigSnowManD,got this game on launch day wish i would have kept my money
,Recommended,223100,25450141,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Djigivara,Amazing Game!Look like Dying Light.
,Recommended,223100,23429495,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,[Vinesauce] Shwifty,"What can I say about Homefront: The Revolution?PROS-Weapon part customization-Motorcycles-Stealth-Challenging-Parkour..Ish-YOU CAN THROW BRICKS!! Some windows will break if they're apart of a small building (Not a safehouse)-You can holster your weapon like a sane person (Mostly if you need to blend into crowds to hide from the KPA or if you're ""roleplaying"").-'Murica...CONS♥♥♥♥♥♥♥FPS drops-Die WAY too fast-Okay storyline♥♥♥♥♥♥♥voice acting-AI is the most annoying thing asides from the FPS drops (They don't move out of your way, they sit there and give you a big flucking speach about looking where I'm walking, which is troublesome because if you're hiding from the KPA they corner you if you're in a tight space)-There's not continuation after the end. You must load a previous save.TL;DR: The game isn't really ready to be sold yet, due to the lack of optimization and content. The game is fun until you beat it, then all you can really do is take back strongholds, explore, parkour, and kill. I'd recommend it if you're okay with bad lag on a great system, death almost right after the 6th shot, and kinda wasting $59.99.Wait until it's on sale at least 30-40% if you want to save your money and pay for what this game actually is worth."
76561198041026947,Not Recommended,223100,33949679,Posted: 1 August,all,WilliamTheLion,boring.. bad aiming... boring too stealthy
76561197995311107,Not Recommended,223100,31742762,Posted: 14 May,all,xv bones,"if you are looking for a solid cinematic experience with cutting-edge graphics and gameplay, you have come to the wrong place.five solid minutes of unskippable cutscenes introduce you to this game's dated graphics, astonishingly poor writing, strikingly terrible VO and botox-induced rock-stiff facial animations that attempt to weave a thrilling yarn about an impoverished, barely-third-world nation - famous for its inability to launch a single rocket - that is somehow also the world's economic and technological leader which has chosen to seize the US as collateral against a massive debt.(for real, this couldn't have been more obviously supposed-to-be-China-but-they-wussed-out if it was called ""Pretend We're Saying 'China' Every Time We Say North Korea"")characters speak in hushed tones of a resistance leader who is America's very last hope for liberation who later shows up *in person and completely alone* to rescue you from the world's least imposing interrogator.  shockingly, this turns out to be a terrible idea and he is subsequently captured while several obviously disinterested interns stand in for real voice actors and recite the exact same line about how terrible it is that our last hope has just been captured.  the sound editor, clearly feeling left out by how impressively terrible the facial animations are, shows he can be just as godawful at his job by making it sound like characters down on a street 15 feet below and outside are in the same room as you.it's a circus of incompetence and we've only just gotten started.marvel as NPCs carefully read off their scripts at you.delight in gameplay you have already seen a hundred times and much better absolutely everywhere and anywhere else.thrill to a story that is desperate to be Tom Clancy and isn't even Tim Clancy, Tom's beloved pet goldfish.shake your head in disbelief that this was actually released as a AAA title.wonder what why the words 'dystopia' are synonymous with ""varying shades of fecal brown""this game is terrible.there is literally no reason to purchase it, not for full price and not even on sale.  if you absolutely need to spend this money, buy yourself a bag of gumballs.  it will provide a far more entertaining and satisfying experience.don't buy this game."
,Recommended,223100,31743482,Posted: 14 May,all,LSPD. Jack. 27-L,i like it
76561198064206332,Not Recommended,223100,29422277,Posted: 22 January,all,Larry tar-Ras il-Lembuba,So much potential.....Wasted
76561198029039278,Not Recommended,223100,25612101,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Flame Ninja,"Not worth anything over $15It's not a terrible game, but there is some bad points. gliching through enemys when driving anything, the gunplay is pretty bad, mediocre ""crafting"" system, badlyt optimised with no sense of direction in the story that also was boring as hell with the chain of events leading up until you get your first gun making no sense. I'm not saying this is a bad game, just not worth how much it isn being sold for. If you can look past all the stuff listed above it's actually a very pretty game with some good lighting effects etc. Overall though, would not reccomend this unless it's on at least 70% sale."
,Not Recommended,223100,28172023,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,the13angel,low fps
,Not Recommended,223100,28121560,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,DeadlyLoofah,"Garbage. I've put 4.6 hours into this game, and it continously crashes on me. I've got a GTX 970. 64 Gigs of Ram (I'm a film-maker by trade.) and can render 4k footage without any difficulty. But playing this game for longer than about 30 min at 1600x900 is impossible. This game has horrid optimzation issues. Avoid at all costs."
76561198007884974,Not Recommended,223100,31849723,Posted: 19 May,all,meat 170,"This game had a  S**T TON OF POTENTIAL BUTT unforchunetly after 4-10 hours of playing you might find yourself in a WTF am i still playing this game because there are no more new wepons. in the game there just aren't a lot of new wepon and wepons in general. The game had so many unique ideas although because there are not a lot of guns there is nothing to look forward to after 5-10 hours of the game. IM NOT SAYING THE GAME IS BAD!!!!! im just saying that in my opinion, the game had a lot of potential and f**k*d it up and i personaly just dont like it."
76561198043790654,Not Recommended,223100,31671106,Posted: 10 May,all,mixppl87,"The games graphic is great, art is nice, but the game play itself is not really enjoyable. the fps control seems a little off and when u playing it will some how make u feel dizzy."
,Not Recommended,223100,30489076,Posted: 13 March,all,Ballistic Otter,"Enemies will spawn right in front of you, then inexplicably a big gas cloud will appear. Then a mission will suddenly appear, and you'll fail it because the random NPC you were supposed to defend spawned in a group of Korean soldiers. Then a zeppelin will attack you.This game is stupid and it should feel stupid. It feels like a bad, poorly-polished Source mod."
,Recommended,223100,26247150,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Gladiator IN,"well homefront first was better than this in case of different graphics sites, i mean there we used to see the land with grass different sites here only building and structures pff, still gameplay and shooting was awesom, no bugs i found in game idk why peoples complaning about bugs, i didnt face any in entire game,must play game,best part i like about this game is shooting , guns custumizations.."
,Recommended,223100,29007008,Posted: 4 January,all,Mr Squeeze,You playing like a terrorist. Shooting and run away.I liked it.
76561198234007036,Recommended,223100,23923962,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,ufe314159,"think u are a north korean, and fight for your independence against us or its some corporation， that would be more reality, and that's the game, that's the revolution."
76561198042482360,Recommended,223100,30398421,Posted: 8 March,all,TheIgnorantBastrd,"I'd only recommend getting this game when it's on sale.  The gameplay is decent in that the guns feel good and free roaming can be entertaining for quite a bit, but the story is pretty ""meh"".  The only other complaint would be that the crafting and weapon modding system is kinda shallow but overall not terrible I suppose."
76561198072545648,Recommended,223100,30422237,Posted: 10 March,all,mceachmny,Very fun and good story. I dont see why all the hate. I would recommend it to anyone.
76561198023174448,Recommended,223100,30422688,Posted: 10 March,all,SharT Attack!!,Is it just me or is this game eerily similar to FarCry as far as controls and such... the slide and the takedown and corpse looting all look and act the same aside from the animation of gutting the guy or whatever. I just bought this game last night started it first time today. Gotta say I like it! it's not perfect but i just played for hours first time so thats a great start!
,Recommended,223100,30423193,Posted: 10 March,all,samutrai,"story was good, BUT now  i cant contiue normally after story. i cant get no where from menu. it just takes me back to last mission where i must shut down dusters. i cant get to citys and other places to free them. wtf?"
,Not Recommended,223100,35227397,Posted: 26 September,all,󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡󠀡,repetitive
76561198000765631,Recommended,223100,31764571,Posted: 15 May,all,Hashshashin,"I would say 100% without any doubt one of the best games in this genre I have played, I hope someone out there grabs the studio team and makes some more games inline with this. It reminds me of a mix between Red Faction Guerrilla and Division/Battlefield et all. It ran sweet and without any problems for me, no bugs or anything to ruin the experience, a big thanks to the devs (even though they will not see this) made me a very happy hermit, now can I have some more plx."
76561198124394677,Recommended,223100,30022312,Posted: 18 February,all,Donald Trump,Grab a Rocket Launcher and make America Great Again!
,Not Recommended,223100,25430496,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,rvtor.SL,waste of money and time :)
,Recommended,223100,23046710,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,NoName,"*In my library it says I have 10 hours(which is correct) but on here it says i have 5 hours*After playing this game longer than mostly everyone who has left a review, and I have only played for 10 hours, I have to say this is a pretty good game. People complaining about poor optimization and what not must have a pretty bad computer as i am able to keep my fps at or around 60 with an i7 and gtx 970. But, from what I have played so far, everything in the game is great and enjoyable in my opinon. The story is good, combat is great and the performance of the game is fine. So overall I would say that this game is great and worth it. Well, not $60 worth it but maybe $40 worth it."
76561198008141904,Recommended,223100,23097098,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,swatxing,"Decided to give this game a chance after seeing all the bad reviews, turns out I did the right thing trusting my gut on this purchase.Have i7 3770, gtx 970, and 8 gig ram and I'm running the game on ultra setting with no problems, only a few frame drops here and there but doesn't last long.For all those people hating on the game because of bugs upon release, take a look back at all of the games that have been released in the past several years, there are some exceptions but most of them had bugs upon release aswell with some that were much worse than this but almost always they patch the game soon after. I understand that it sucks you can't play the game right now, but you cant just base your review off of that either.For those saying the weapon handling isnt that great well think of it this way, you are an ordinary citizen with no prior training who decided to join the uprising. Ofcourse you arnt going to have the perfect aim and your weapon will sway alot, you can fix those by upgrading your weapons over time.I like the fact that this game doesn't have a grinding system like the division, meaning I don't have to first become like a level 30 to do certain missions and things like that.I think this game could be great after several patches fixing some of its issues. You should also trust your gut rather than other peoples reviews for this game and try it for yourself. Play the game for 2 hours, if for any reason you don't end up liking it then you can submit a refund for it."
76561197967345468,Not Recommended,223100,23044272,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,DonOsoDeLaSierra,"This game is just plain bad. I am running a i5, 980ti, with 16gb of DDR4 ram and the frame rate drops like a lead brick when things get busy. The audio is terrible as well, walking through the town my ears are assaulted with a cacophony of garbled murmurs and what I assume was supposed to be backround noise. Bugs, bugs and more bugs; I had to restart the game 3 times because for some reason i would get stuck on ""auto-walk"" after I concluded dialogue with an NPC. Hands went through doors, interaction were unavailable, enemies walked through/saw through walls... I could look past the technical garbage too with the hope that patches and updates could solve these issues, but only if there was a story and characters I cared about. The writing and characters are archtypical, trite re-hashes of♥♥♥♥♥♥we have been seeing in action films since the 80s. Don't expect anything original or compelling. The enviroments and NPCs are boring and uninspired,  playing this game is akin to playing counter-strike in a server full of bots.The lore is interesting I suppose, except for the fact that the US would never purchase weapons from an enemy state, that's just absurd to me...Graphics (when the game runs properly, which is about 35% of the time): 8/10Sound/Audio: 1/10Gameplay: 3.5/10Story/Characters: 2/10Overall: 2.5/10I requested a refund, I am tired of getting burned with paying for premium titles and getting flaming dog turds in return... i.e. Farcry: Primal BLAH."
,Recommended,223100,23049443,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Mighty Maus,"So, quite frankly you can throw out most of the bad reviews saying this game is terribly optimized. I'm on a laptop, and was apparently the most popular Steam Streamer for a while - While playing this game.So,  even with the graphics at max, i get no studdering or frame rate issues. Which really makes me think it's not the games optimization. but the people's systems who are complaining about said optimization.The game itself, so far seems like a great sequel - though I don't actually know if it's even directly related to the original homefront. The game is a Red-Dawn story being told in a game format which is very exciting. Especially when set at the most difficult difficultly, it makes you play the game much more stealthy-guerilla warfare-y or you'll die a lot. It seems like the AI really know what they're doing and how to respond to you for the most part.I don't know much about the multiplayer, but as soon as a friend gets the game and plays it with me. I'll update on my thoughts on the game.Also It's midnight and I just worked a lot. So I'll probably edit this thing tomorrow or the next day to word it better."
76561198076396065,Recommended,223100,23044180,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,tonesims,"Edit: So after a few updates, there has been basically zero improvement for framerate. My advice to anyone interested in buying this game is to try it out for the two hours you can and if you like it and performance is fine, then keep it.  The game is a solid B as far as story and setting are concerned.  Performance is ""meh"" throughout. If it runs well in the first two hours, you'll be fine.  If it doesn't run well, it won't get any better so you're better off refunding it.  I just finished the game and had a good time.  I'd recommend it for people who like open world shooters, but there are other games that do this formula much better and have a better story.  Still fun though. Solid B.I am not refunding this game as I think many of the issues are tech related and can be fixed in a patch or two.  If you're not sure about buying this, just wait unti a patch is released.  I have a 6700k with a 980ti and I haven't had significant problems, though the game isn't optimized well and has fps drops.  There have also been a number of bugs in shadows, hand motions freezing, sounds not matching with voices/guns, and textures not rendering.  It's not as bad as Arkham or Unity as others are comparing it, but is suffering from bugs that are annoying.As far as gameplay is concerned, it feels like a lesser version of FC.  The gunplay isn't 'addicting' as FC, but is satisfactory though it takes some getting used to.Don't know enough about the story to weigh in on that, yet.  One problem with the game is its release date.  There are many games releasing this same month that are FPS and that are significantly better (gameplay wise).  It's a hard sell, honestly."
76561198116643790,Not Recommended,223100,23147529,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,El Presidente,My first refund ever.0/10 keks
76561198002366104,Recommended,223100,23135895,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Thunder,"If you like resistance like games and enjoy tactical based shooters rather than running around like Master Chief or COD spraying everything to pieces then this might be for you.Firstly, in a response to all the negative reviews about optimisation, I honestly don't know what they're on about. I'm on a GTX 770 and I'm playing on high without any issues. The only time it stutters for a few seconds is when the game autosaves which if no one has noticed, a few other games do that tooPersonally I like the game, I think fighting against a stronger opposittion using hit and run tactics is enjoyable and you're prone to dying a lot, even on medium difficulty.Weapon customisation is pretty badass, especially as you can see things being changed physically in front of your eyes.You've got two different zones in the game, Yellow zones and red zones. Yellow Zones are heavily policed and are filled with civilians and security. Yellow zones are you living and breathing occupied neighbourhoods where stealth and planning is more prone.The red zones are areas where the the resistance is actively fighting the KPA in a more straight up kind of way. Red zone is shoot to kill and you'll often come across various resistance fighters going toe to toe with enemy forces. The red zones are also pretty rough looking with destroyed buildings and burnt out cars being common.The only real issue I could say I have with the game is the introduction, it throws you too quickly into blowing♥♥♥♥♥♥up with no build up. I'd have liked it if we had more build up and were without weapons for a while rather than being given a pistol after the first mission and throwing molotovs are armoured cars. Within 40 minutes depending on how you spend your money you can buy an Assault Rifle (M4 Carbine) which seems a little rushed and not much of a build up to it.You can't use enemy weapons, and it's never explained why so you'll be using whatever you've got/bought to fight the KPA and spend time searching bodies for ammo and supplies.The campaign is basic but I'm finding it to be pretty fun so far, same with the COOP resistance mode which is fun to play. If anything the online mode feels to have a bit more build up in the way you look and are equiped. You'll start coop mode with some simple clothing and a weapon in each catergory (Assault Rifle, Shotgun, Battle Rifle) and from there you'll level up and go from grime covered Joeblogs who's picked up an M4 to someone wearing heavy battle armour and a gasmask.All in all I'd give the game a 7/10 I'd sayTL:DRPros- Pretty fun gameplay- Weapon Customisation- Loot Simulator- COOP-  Graphics- Red and Yellow zonesCons- Not enough build up- Weapon variation can be a little lacking (Only one assault rifle)-  Vehicles aren't too great (Been on motorcycles only so far)- AI can be a 50/50 sometimes with being stupid or out right ruthless.This game isn't for everyone, but it's not as bad as people are making it out to be so far. Take into consideration a lot of people are complaining about optimisation which can be fixed."
,Not Recommended,223100,23045225,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Captain SwellHell,"It ran well, played well, looked good... but it's essentially Dead Island with North Koreans instead of zombies. Once I got past the ""ooooo"" and ""ahhhh"" phase of the weapon customization, and the detail to the models... I got bored.Go to this location, kill these guys, blow up or hack this... congrats the resistance has a new base. Now repeat that. OR completely skip all that, sneak in.... steal some stuff. Congrats all the enemies disappear and are replaced with allies in the blink of a loading screen.If my opinion changes from more gameplay, my review will change."
,Recommended,223100,23050020,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,el kevin,"To be honest, I think this game is getting harsh reviews. I decided to give it a chance, and I really don't regret in doing so, I've been having lots of fun. I'll explain briefly the pros and cons:Pros:*The atmosphere is very good, it really feels like a post apocalyptic America, the world feels real.*Reviews tell shooting feels generic, I disagree, weapons have recoil and don't feel like they do no damage at all, I really like the shooting. Other games have more generic shooting than this one.*The option to customize the weapon on the go is pretty awesome and add versatility to the game, I think it's a great idea.*Graphics, like face animations look awesome. There are some textures that look dull, but of the game looks like other current generation titles.*Lots of customization.*There are stealth areas that add variety.Cons:*My specs are a i7 3770k and a gtx 980, and the  games does suffer from some technical issues, like volatile framerates and stuttering. (Keep in mind I'm playing in 2k resolution)*Same type of side missions and objectives (Far Cry type), so If you didn't like FC, stay away of this game. Can get repetitive.*The story is average at most, a lot of things are predictable.*Multiplayer is only Co-op (Haven't tried it yet).So in conclussion, if you want a game with a good atmosphere and fun shooting, similar to Far Cry series, you should give Homefront The Revolution a chance, just don't expect a GOTY."
,Recommended,223100,23144609,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Occulator(AUT),"I really don't know what all the others are talking about. 11 hours in, I haven encountered any glitches and it's running quite well. It's not like the first part (Linear Story Shooter) but more like a FarCry in the Homefront universe. It's not as good as I was hoping for - but still pretty good."
76561198032287404,Recommended,223100,23051249,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,NathanEx420,"Runs great, I'm enjoying myself so far, Give it a shot, If you don't like it the trolls have velvet ropes and neon signs pointing to the refund page for your convienence...;)"
,Recommended,223100,23054697,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,TheSilverFox,ive played about 7 hour and am gonna review Homefront now... Im running a GTX 960 4gb and an I5-4690Ki clock in with about 50 fps on High settings with 1080p graphics. its not 60 but its still higher than HITMAN... The game looks beautiful and the movement is super fluid (movement is like a river that is super beautiful to look at and handle) If youve never played Homefront i suggest that you get this game when you can because its really fun. if you are like some people however and like to ♥♥♥♥♥ about not getting 60fps then you should wait to get it... I give this game a 9.5/10
,Recommended,223100,23048592,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,ActionOfLost,"If you can disregard the abisal performance, the game is in line with a Far Cry. I enjoy this type of game and Homefront bring a couple of good idea in the mix... But you must know that is run's like... Really, really BAD."
76561198046726245,Recommended,223100,23091772,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,KaKarot( Supreme),"see for yourself, this is an fps game,, story hardly matters to me, all I need is awesome old school like feeling gameplay, and yes homefront has just delivered it..buy it and play it, the graphic is epic and no fps, crash,bugs issues for me,,"
,Not Recommended,223100,31671666,Posted: 10 May,all,suh dude,Refunded the game due to there being no FOV slider which resulted in me getting motion sick within 5 mins.
,Recommended,223100,23077627,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,IceEagle132,I have spent a few hours playing this and I love the campain. Good Story grest cutscenes. I framrate issues would be niced if they were fixed. I get well over 60 but I can watch my frames just dip in and out. I am ver sad that there is no pvp for this game. I loved the onld homfront pvp and was very sad that they did not include it. They do have onlione co-op but there are allot if network issues and its very hard to find other players to play with.I would rate this game 6 out of 10 stars and so low becuse of the lack of PVP for a game that was built for it.I would say if you want a game that you would like to blow stuff up and shoot people and save people then this is your game.Good Game but could have done better.
,Recommended,223100,23076930,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,jellyismyjam,Pretty fun open world conquer sector by sector game.
76561198062514534,Recommended,223100,23199077,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Sarvah,"Alright,before i start speaking in details,i would like to talk about the graphical part firsti have a GTX750ti,i5-3450 CPU and 8GB RAM and i am playing this game from very high to high settings.So far its working smoothly,and i am not having any graphical problemsBut please note,i have turned off the SUPER-SAMPLING because it was making the game unplayable,so i will advice you to keep it down because i guess it is the primary reason for low FPS for other players,even if you have a great pc.I didn't face any glitches or bugs till now,like others have mentioned,so i guess i am lucky so far.Now i will talk about the gameThis game is not for everyone.Even though it has influences from Far Cry and Dying light,still it has distinguished itself in a very unique way,for me at least. How ? i will come to that laterBut let me tell you,if you have played Far Cry or Assassins Creed series,you will like this game.It follows the same formula.Capture bases,do side Jobs for money,help random citizens or assassinate a KPA general,collect all the collectibles,capture an enemy base to create a safe house....so if you are a gamer who loves this busy work and doing all the side quests and all,you will love this game...but if you are tired of Ubisoft's formula then you will hate it.So first decide what type of gamer you are,then only buy this game.Now coming back to the unique thing about this game i had mentioned,this game is brutal.This game is brutal.This game is not COD,.that you will just run and gun or like Far Cry,that you will have regenerating health and there will never be a sense of danger.This game will ♥♥♥♥ you up,if you just approach it casually. The A.I is good(if not the best),they will hunt you down, if you are not careful.You need to create a strategy,of how you would like to approach a target,how you have to spend you currency because everything is expensive.Eg:The protective gear is 5000 in cash,maybe you will decide to start saving money,but you also need health kit but you dont have any ,either you can go looking for it in a stash or buy it.Looking for it might be risky because you have to get past the KPA guards but it will save your money.Buying it will be easy but you will lose money.I loved this aspects of this game coz it made me feel like i am a normal person.I am not some God-gifted character who will just survive everything easily.My character will develop only if i end up buying gear and upgrades that's it.So theres a sense of progression.So everything needs to be carefully planned out in this game ,like a guerilla. You cannot just stand there and shoot everyone.You have to make the decision to run away and come back with a different plan.Capturing the bases is not easy.Its you style which will make it unique.The story so far is simple.I am in the yellow zone and i am working to motivate the people to start uprisings and all.I mean its a 'Revolution' game,what else we should expect ?The open world is distinctive. Till now i have unlocked two zones: red and yellowRed is where you can go with your guerilla buddies and screw everyone up,yellow is where your enemies are stronger and you are mostly alone,so you have to use stealth,or they will ♥♥♥♥ you up.So i can say so far the two zones are different and not similar which is nice.So at the end ,this game is not broken,not the worst game you will ever play blah,blahEvery game has an audience and i think it will only appeal to a particular audience.I found it great coz i am a part of that audience but i understood that it will not cater to other eveyone here.So if you have read all my points and you think this is your game,buy it....If not then don't waste your money."
,Not Recommended,223100,34443159,Posted: 23 August,all,⛧God Of Sadness⛧,just don't get this game
76561197988359805,Not Recommended,223100,23062793,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Wulf-Dietrich,"I had some hope for this game but nothing unrealistic.Graphics - fairly okay graphics, nothing anyone that's played shooteres hasn't seen before, decent night lighting, and using the flashlight at night actually illuminates like a flashlight. NPC character models are just okay copy and pasted NPCs with maybe a duifferent weapon or helmet.Sound - Okay sound quality as well, voice acting is okay. Actual voice from characters in the game is wonky, Sometimes too loud, too quiet, some times screaming at your face and then whispering to you.Gameplay - The meat and potatoes and I'll sum this up to be quick.- A to B Ultra linear progression,  example, you start off in a district, and then follow story points, rinse repeat. The only difference is that there are some side stops you can make on the way and loot. On that topic, you have an EXTREMELY simple craft and loot system, nothing crazy just 5-6 ingrideints to make a grenade or two, or a couple of devices.- Side missions, pop up and repeatable usually the Same AI's in the Same exact area doing the same exact thing.  There are other Side missions to do that arent repeatable.- The AI, is weak at BEST, most don't engage you, and if they do all you need to do is find a corner or doorway preferably, and then simply wait as they single file rush the door one at a time, if they even manage to find the doorway pathing. Most will stand in the open waiting to shoot at you, some take cover... very few react to seeing you, unless you let yourself get scanned. Friendly AI is even weaker, there's a half parkour system, the AI does not use any of it, and won't follow you unless there's a walkable path.On top of this the enemies here are pretty much actual robots, they take upwards of 2 headshots to 6 nody shots to bring down,  unless your using sniper so if your expecting realism this isn't going to be your sauce.AI spawn points are pretty terrible too as it's possible to clear a building or containers and have enemies spawn where you just cleared. even if you were undetected.attacking enemy walled strongholds is a joke, the enemies attempt to leave the stronghold or buildings to come kill you, or simply run arund ground level in the middle of it. Instead of using cover and tactics to try and fight you.AI -10/10Alot of the Gameplay is just repetative go here fight take point move to next point and its from a pool of the same 5-6 side mission pools, mixed with bad ai is just bad, with a very small customization pool , it's just not a game it's a pro longed demo TBH.TLDR - Not a complete game. Is Long Demo. Not worth anything more than 20$. DLC is even bigger waste.Another game that again just seems to over anticipate itself. Already claiming to have  ""Seasons"" worth of DLC ready to go, well perhaps if any of the DLC were in the game  it would have been more fun."
,Recommended,223100,23045888,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Ahlmivarn,"While giving this game my full attention for months and watching it, hoping it'd be good since I loved Homefront 1, I am appalled by the pure lack of awareness for this game's optimisation.Not to say Homefront: Revolution is a bad -game-, it's far from that. The story is a fantastic idea, dare I'd say fantastical, and the voice acting is superb. The sounds are fine and the gun mechanics are fine (for someone who mostly just buys CoD or Battlefield for it's campaign.Where it lacks, though, is just the technical side. With a 65 Field of Vision lock my nausea kicked in almost 15 minutes in. I was sick to my stomach and everything I did from turning off background processes to disabling an entire secondary display did nothing to aid my growing physical sickness. To add salt to my wounds the FPS lock of 30, while I don't really care wholeheartily, no doubt added to my sick feeling.Now add in the fact the loading screens lock up for 15 minutes or more and in the middle of combat awful blurry lag spikes seal your fate and normally if a scanner UAV sees you from afar the game poops on itself attempting to render th elong-ranged detection. I would not recommend buying the game in it's current state, but I would recommend keeping an eye on it. Maybe an optimisation patch will come out in a week or month. Perhaps I'll re-purchase it at a later time when it's cheaper and wont cause my brain to flip upside-down.For the sake of TL;DR, I'd give it a 6/10. I had fun playing what I could before actually becoming sick, and it is a fantastic story just like the first. All-in-all, don't buy it yet, but at least buy it later if/when it's improved technically."
76561198058257532,Not Recommended,223100,23048884,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Killer_Queen_Requiem,"Early access quality, Clunky movement, Garbage PC port, repetitive side mission, stupid AI, annoying enemy spawn. I thought I would love Sandbox Action/FPS Games even if they are bad, Homefront: The Revolution makes me think twice. The game in its current status is just BAD, real BAD, DO NOT BUY it right now. Wait till they fix the PC port or just purchase it on♥♥♥♥♥Steam Sale. It is not worth 60 bucks, it should be a Maximum 25 dollars piece of garbage."
76561198034178435,Not Recommended,223100,23062661,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Sir Provost,"If you're reading this chances are you already know what this game is about. I'm not usually a person to call out a game for not being perfect for everyone, but this game is actually disappointing. I love the setting, I love the idea behind it, and I love how it looks, but this is honestly a terrible game. It feels empty and non-engaging.The A.I. is a joke. I bought it under the impression that one would constantly feel outclassed and outgunned, but the opposite seems to be the case. I am a god compared to the A.I. North Koreans, slaughtering them without any real challenge whatsoever. The city, although beautiful and well contructed, is empty and without much going for it. Everything just seems empty. Again, this game just feels empty and non-engaging. There's constant radio blare while playing but none of it means anything. Perhaps they're trying to make you feel part of the revolution but it honestly just feels like any other FPS on the market, if not less so because there's no reason to play this. Literally, it feels like they didn't even try to make an actual story.Whoever gave this the green light should be fired, because this isn't even close to finished and it feels heavily rushed. It was a perfect setting and a perfect idea but they seriously messed up somewhere along the lines when making this. I don't make video games so I wouldn't understand the resources and what not this would require to make but damn, this is just a job poorly done. Save your money and spend it elsewhere, because this isn't it."
,Recommended,223100,23047775,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Jäger Dong Reek's,"Games pretty good for what I wanted. It's got an interesting customization feature where you can change stuff on the fly. It's got the conversvion system which allows something like a pistol to become an smg. While I can see it getting tedious in the future I don't mind the hearts and mind system. It's a system where in each zone you must do things like strike points, forts, and protect the citizens. After you get to a 100 you do a couple story missions then on to the next zone. I can see how this might get repetitive to some but I enjoy it. I'm also playing on deathwish as i heard the enemies were a bit braindead. They are but playing on deathwish made me use the recruit system which basically means you can recruit resistance members, and have them fight for you. I've also heard the optimization on some specs are bad, and numerous glitches but I haven't ran into any yet. If you're looking for a city far cry this game is right up your alley. If you want something with more substance, and less busy work look somewheres else. I give this game a 7/10."
,Recommended,223100,23073917,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,HellishGrin460,"I just want to start by saying; if there ever is another game, i wouldn't hesitate to buy it..Well... Here we go..As a major fanboy of the original Homefront game, I was hoping to see a more polished/ extended version of it. In actuality, this game seems completely different (i'm not even sure if it's fair to compare the two).While I was certainly suprised by what by what was delivered, the story seems fun enough, I am a little disheartened by the multiplayer. Which was something the original game did better than Battlefield 3 (before it became an ""unoriginal reboot every last detail except for the color of their eyes"" style game). I understand that ther was quite a bit of trading hands over the lifetime of this game's developement, and im happy that it didn't turn out to be an utter mess. The story was greatly elongated and completely unique compared to the successor, which i consider a plus.In the end, there are no other games quite like it, and i cant stress how refreshing the story was compared to the ""find enemy, shoot enemt, win"" monotony of most games these days. Ithink that most AAA titles could learn a thing or two from this."
76561198084948963,Recommended,223100,23050106,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Chris Hardwick,"I think ist great not a 10/10 due to tiny bugs and poorer performance than I would like but the core gameplay is fun and exciting and that's why I think people buy games, to have fun and this game delivers BUT there are still bugas and performance issues that they need to patch so if you really hate non gamebreaking bugs and not fantastic performance then don't buy but if you want a fun game then buy it."
76561198053504320,Recommended,223100,23119552,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,johnsonbud16,"not a bad game,give them a bit to work out the bugs.."
,Recommended,223100,23062520,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Jnuttengr,I'm having fun playing this game.
76561197970728128,Recommended,223100,28531654,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,#GLOCK-23,"game is sweet  , runs smooth"
76561198047752745,Not Recommended,223100,23049646,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Boognish,"I had some pretty high hopes for this game. But in all honesty this game amounts to a steaming pile… The controls are very loose and they really don't seem like a FPS should be at all. It doesn't look like it even uses V cried – engine to me. What the graphics and lose control reminded me of is ""thief deadly shadows"". I would like to play this game a bit more but I don't want to go over the Time to return limit.Three thumbs down...  and to everyone complaining about the frame limit and optimization I don't really understand, I get between 50 and 90 frames Per second and my system isn't special. (Except for my overkill of RAM)"
,Not Recommended,223100,23049314,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Rhab,"Like many others here, I have also had preformance issues.  I well exceed the recommended specs, and it runs awfully.  The game looks amazing for the most part, but what good is a sweet looking game if it runs like total crap.  Maybe future patches will further optimize and improve frame rates, but as it stands right now it's unplayable for me."
,Not Recommended,223100,30394530,Posted: 8 March,all,kokowa1989,"This game is ok,not that bad.Graphic is great,i mean really great.But the story and AI just so ♥♥♥♥♥♥ and boring."
76561198294107193,Not Recommended,223100,23048907,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,GorGorSmash,"Lack luster game play, poor character development, and clunky game mechanics.I was very excited about this game only to be severely disappointed. Good luck driving the motorcycle..."
,Not Recommended,223100,23175722,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Primaxius,Game has slugish movements and is just a bad game overall
76561198053423938,Recommended,223100,23062473,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Waffles4u2,"The game isn't that bad, but the technical issues does make it a pain to play. The game is basically FarCry in an urban environment, and I like it just as much. However, the technical issues does take me out of it some what.The game lacks polish, and it shows. When you climb over objects, your camera snaps in a weird angle after climbing over the ledge, not at all smooth like Dying Light or FarCry. Sometimes when you reload the magazine moves faster than your gun which creates a hilarious effect of you using the Force to reload. There's still plenty of other technical problems, such as the stuttering and graphical anomalies, but these were the little things that♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off the most (for whatever reason). All it takes is an NPC's mouth moving slightly off sync from the voice to take you out of a game, and it only gets worse when there's a lot of little things nagging at you at once.Maybe wait for a patch before buying, but behind all technical issues lies a competant shooter. It isn't breaking any new ground, but If a competent shooter is all that you're looking for you might be pleasantly surprised.If you want to play a similar game, like, RIGHT NOW, go buy FarCry 3/4."
,Recommended,223100,23101018,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Kestis,Game is fine so stop people cry mine score 8/10
76561198001854882,Recommended,223100,23095952,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Stranger,"Despite the complaints of all the reviewers, this actually is far from terrible.With a bit more polish this would have been a great game, in the state it's in currently it's merely ""good"". There are a few bugs and some features aren't as fleshed out as they should have been, but none of it is gamebreaking and it won't severely affect your enjoyment of what is ultimately quite an engaging experience.The combat is as good as any other AAA FPS, the environments/level design is gorgeous and varied, and the exploration is very fun. The devs have obviously put a lot of passion and work into this project, and through no fault of their own it's been hampered by studio bankrupcy and a slashed budget. Despite this, the game still shines and is very fun to play. A lot of effort seems to have been put into reducing the repetitiveness, preventing the player from getting bored. I'm about 10 hours in and I'm not getting that familiar dragging bored feeling I usually get when playing open world FPS's.If you enjoyed games like Just Cause, Dead Island, Red Faction Guerilla, and Far Cry, you'll definitely like Homefront: The Revolution. If your PC is powerful and you're good at FPS's, you'll have a blast.BETTER THAN: Farcry 3 and 4WORSE THAN: Fallout 4"
,Not Recommended,223100,28987910,Posted: 3 January,all,mc dima,"Played for over 2 hours hoping that the game would be nothing like the tutorial. Turned out the game is a piece of dog balls and has nothing innovative. Bland and repetitive ""liberation missions"" where you pretty much just go around in circles finding radios and other dumb♥♥♥♥♥♥ I've been attempting to get a refund on this garbage but support keeps ♥♥♥♥ing me. I have never hated a game so much before.EDIT: I'm stuck with this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,223100,23077093,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,'Dread,"game is fun,BUT IT HAS SOO MANY DAMN ISSUES"
,Recommended,223100,23098073,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Josua070,"My first impression is that this game is basically Dead Island with North Koreans instead of Zombies. Although it is accurate, I still enjoy this game as it is a breather to all other shooters out there that focused too much on just graphics or DLCs. This game was even better than Dead Island: Riptide, but not as good as Dying Light. Still, nice one, Deep Silver. Kudos on the efforts.In short, the game has potential, though I do say the game requires more tweaks on the AIs, Voice Acting & other parts of the game, such as the vehicles. I give it a 6.9/10. Will be waiting for fixes."
,Not Recommended,223100,23100312,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Kazu,"Alright, I'm not good at reviews, but I tried playing this game, and seeing all the reviews, I went in with low expectations. At first, the game was a bit good. From the start, the audio was unsynced, the framrate was dropping, and the controls just feels... clunky. In it's current state, I cannot recommend this game to anyone, not until they fix it."
,Not Recommended,223100,23318642,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Ninja in the mist,"Have you have ever wanted a game to be good but no matter how much you look at the positives of it, the negatives of it outway the positives?yes?Well this is homefront for me apart from the fact i cant find ANY positives to say about it only negatives. Just save the money and get something else..... either that gift it to your worst enemy and watch them die of boredom."
76561197962144831,Recommended,223100,23291109,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Kratz007,"Co-Op is a lie. ""HomeFront: The Revolution"" is tagged as Co-Op but the Campaign is single-player only and the co-op mentioned is an added section to play a couple of short missions together. If you want real co-op then you need something like Borderlands, or Call of Duty III; those give Campaign Co-Op.The game overall is pretty fun but has several bugs, like AI that constantly turns its back on you, or marked missions pieces that you can't do, or a map that doesn't remove something you've already accomplished. Hoping these bugs will be fixed in the near future though.It uses the CryEnging and plays a lot like FarCry 4 but on a much smaller map, not as open world, but in a city environment. If you are looking for something like that then it should scratch the itch.I can't really recommend for or against it and would sit on the fence on this one. But Steam requires you to Thumbs up or Down, they don't offer a sideways, so I'll go with an up since there is nothing majorly wrong with it."
76561198153345441,Not Recommended,223100,29176148,Posted: 10 January,all,Rigsy,4.3 hous and finished main storyWHAT DID YOU EXPECT?♥♥♥♥ING NO!!!
,Recommended,223100,30377535,Posted: 7 March,all,Redrusty66,"A lot of the issues at release have been fixed. loved the 1st one and this is more abitious offering. And a great one. Love the story and gameplay. Campaign is like Far-Cryish; capture camps, salavage materials, upgrade weapons. Graphics / Sound / Music are top notch. Great DLC as well, the freedom fighter versioin is primo.  Every DLC they released brought progress. Every patch they sent out made the gameplay better. These are the types of developers that should be encouraged and celebrated. Art teams did a great job, atmospherics are good, especially at night. It's also a kinda cool to see civilian districts change as you tackle objectives and inspire them to rebel. the shooting mechanics are solid. Each weapon has it own feel and you'll grow to love one over the other depending on your play style. The equipment you are given and can upgrade will make your play style individual - whether you go in guns blazing, stealth play or build a RC car with a bomb attached to really spice things up. Worth every cent now. GRAB THE FREEDOM FIGHTER BUNDLE...the additional content is a steal at thebundle price."
76561198144201988,Recommended,223100,23103141,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,SH4UN,I don't know why everyone didn't recommand this gameit's acturelly fun to playthe graphic is awesome(expecialy the shadow)but i don't know how the story is for nowso i give this game 6/10 so far
76561198017702063,Recommended,223100,23105252,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Gormogon,"INFO:-Intense, interesting single player campaign.-Multiplayer consists of various coop missions, independent of the campaign.-All optimization and framing issues I had-- outside of the opening cutscene-- were solved by adjusting the graphic settings to fit my system.PROS:-The game is difficult. It forces you to realize that you're not some COD badass, you're just some idiot with a gun and something to fight for.-The game areas change as you play. It's amazing to see this pro-KPA zone full of collaborators and such go and turn to rioting and uprising against the KPA because of your actions.-The guns feel real. They look heavy and slightly bulky because IRL they are heavy and bulky. You're character acts like they're heavy and bulky and this affects your ability to fight with them.-The strike areas and strongholds are each unique and different-- no one location mirrors the next. Sure, each relief center or whatever will have similar goals to capture it, but the layouts between them make each location unique.-The journal entries and other textual documents are actually really interesting and fill in a lot of the backstory.-The open world is legitimately open. You have your missions, but there are numerous side objectives to make your journey easier. Even how you complete your objective is up to you. For example, if the game wants me to capture a stronghold, I have a couple options. Do I use my RC car, attach a hacking device to it and hack open the gate? Do I set charges on cooling vents and blow a hole in the wall? Do I grab a motorcycle, find a ramp and jump the wall? Once I'm inside, do I go COD style, pull out my LMG and mow everyone down, or do I move quietly through, killing when I have to and biding my time? Of course there are many more options than this, but you get the idea. To be honest, different areas require different methods to succeed.CONS:-Occasionally during scripted scenes, and especially during the opening scene, the audio won't match up with the video. It's more annoying than anything else.-The ""Hearts and Minds"" missions are fairly repetitive. These missions are where you're trying to get the people in one of the zones to rise up and fight the KPA. The results of the missions are generally different, but the mission itself is the same.-The motorcycles and RC cars are difficult to navigate. The accelerate too quickly and get stuck really easily.-Once you get into your rhythm with your weapons, there's no need to buy the others. This can happen fairly early on in the game.-The AI is sometimes inconsistent, i.e. when they'll spot you and when they won't, etc etc."
76561198049825731,Not Recommended,223100,23090521,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Helvetios,"TL:DR: Game is clanky and buggy. Feels like it needs another 4 years of dev time. Some may like the game it's setting and atmosphere.Non TL:DROut of any game that I have ever played at launch, few have been as buggy, clanky and awkward to play on mouse and keyboard than this game. After a bumbling tutorial filled with the deaths of several disposable characters, the game drops you into what should be the meat and potatoes of any game, but instead of shooty tooty goodness you receive one of the most bland and robotic shooters I have laid my hands on. If you like the series then this may be something you can force yourself through. If not, you may want to avoid it like the plague, praying that you don't catch what this game has."
,Not Recommended,223100,31981876,Posted: 26 May,all,Shrapnel Effect,Sorry but it just gets really meh....
,Recommended,223100,33134186,Posted: 2 July,all,WxS.ADAM.WxS,good games
,Recommended,223100,27731859,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,NoXuu csgobig.com,lit
76561197981372990,Not Recommended,223100,28963010,Posted: 2 January,all,HeadHaunter,This game is unplayable on my win 10 machine. The mouse sensitivity is terrible! Sorry I purchased it!
,Not Recommended,223100,30985735,Posted: 6 April,all,Nalledockan,"It is not a game, you just run around shooting a little here shooting a little there. The story line i lost after the intro. Graphics are ugly and FPS is down the drain most of the time.Super bad, Great disaster. Uinstalled."
76561198056485581,Not Recommended,223100,23101931,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,[ESA] TrustIssues.,what did i buy?
76561198071833942,Recommended,223100,23414771,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,sheppark,"i was unable to get the correct graphics,also all of the other nesscessities in the game play area,my mouse was slow,picture was foggy,all in all very unhappy with the game, i am on pc with windows 10,at the moment would not recommend it to pc users i use a keyboard and mouse,i need 10 fingers on one hand,can you tell me the correct game graphics set up etc!"
,Recommended,223100,31686946,Posted: 11 May,all,NINJAPLZ,"***Sorry for the interruptiuon, Skyrim & ARMA 3 will resume shortly.***A very meh version of FarcryWorth the 11.99 I paid, but not a cent more!4/10***Back to your game in progress***"
,Not Recommended,223100,26455157,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Black_Project,"Game seems fun but I haven't play long enough to know but two things I'm sure off, it's glitchy and the AI is dumb.I had to reload a checkpoint cause G-Man (an ingame character) not doing what he's supposed to do in the first mission. Other time, I saw a rebel NPC disappear out of thin air, glitching. Don't let me start with the AI, it's dumb as hell. They just run around with no cohesion. I get it, you're rebels, freedom and things but at least act like one, don't just run around in the street, alone, no one else to back you up. You're rebelling damn it, not playing some online action shooter (technically it's a game but still) where you can freely run around and do anything you like.I wouldn't recommend this game unless it's on sale. Will do a refund and wait for sale."
,Not Recommended,223100,28775188,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Mindmurderer,"the first game that showed me how to do a refund,"
,Not Recommended,223100,31673977,Posted: 10 May,all,lopum,Pretty fun for around $12 but the game does jsut crash for no reason at all after a couple of hours. Would not recommend buying it for the lsited $40 price though.
76561198092875015,Not Recommended,223100,28343341,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,salvadoralonso,"Kinda sucksThe story hooked me for like thirty minutes, then the framerate dropped.  Played like an hour, then got a refund."
76561198292991184,Not Recommended,223100,23404819,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,malaydude97,"So, a big dissapointment. I'm not gonna write anything nice except for the graphics and weapon modding system. Other than that? meh. CoD MW easily topped this PoS. They said the updates are gonna be nice and such, but after the very first update I can't even open the game anymore. It's doesn't even crash bcs it can't be opened. Without warning, without anything. Just silence. And the multiplayer on PC will take ages for you to find one game, ONE!3.5 out of 10P.S. Seriously, this is a warning. I had high hopes for this game but they just dissapoint me. Very frustrated, not to mention it takes too much space for a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game -_-"
,Not Recommended,223100,23394178,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,Crane,the worst purchase I've ever done on steam
76561197984757108,Not Recommended,223100,28655210,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,HoneyBadgerSIX,"So let me go ahead and say I'm not going to reveal any spoilers.Homefront: The Revolution could have been a great game. It's definitely single player/co-op based. The original Homefront was a huge let down. This was exactly an on par performance. At least in the beggining. Then came the game breaking bugs. Like you can't select the RC car on PC if you don't have all of the modifications unlocked for that type of ""grenade"" unless you have a controller. Then lets move on to these zones you're supposed to clear. You'll get snipers who won't show themselves so you can't kill them or no enemy NPC in the actuall area but all over the damn streets. All in all it's pretty bad. Last but not least this game follows that FarCry and Assasins Creed gameplay. The gun customization is pretty neat until you realize hey why the hell can't I suppress my M4 or why can't I put a suppressor on just about everthing that's decent. Instead of making a SMG class you get stuck with making your pistol a SMG. I always like my pistols seperate from my SMGs. The game feels lazy and the fact it's been out this long and still has issues shows me pure laziness by the developtment team. It's sad the game has a typical hollywood story but I'm just here to shoot up some commie DPRK plebs so I can give two giggles about the story. Still though half the time I spend in this game I'm sneaking trying to avoid the ""NORKS"" as they call them in game. This game should have been called Splinter Cell Herp-a-derp edition. Also there's a 50bmg in the game with the range of about 60 meters so it has that going for it lmfao."
76561198096227723,Not Recommended,223100,23043319,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,maccrawinthejaw,"It's the launch of Aliens: Colonial Marines alllllllllll over again.I haven't preordered a video game in over a year, and Homefront: The Revolution was the one to break the ice. That being said, the water beneath it was highly acidic, and here's why.The lag is real. The game engine itself is my biggest complaint, since I can't even really play the game due to it. There's lag, and tons of gigantic black splotches on the screen that decide to obscure my line of fire at just the wrong moments, so that in tandem with lag and shaking around forces me to wildfire towards the Koreans, and absolutely forces me to avoid stealth gameplay, which ironically is the whole focus of this. It probably doesn't help that you move like Buzz Lightyear, blasting off all over the place when that isn't your intent.The graphics in Alien: Isolation are far better than this, and A:I came out about 2 years ago; Isolation runs smoother than snow on a mountain in a Bob Ross painting, and it has phenomonally good graphics, and IT is (sort of) an open world experience, so there's absolutely no excuse for there to be such abominable lag."
,Recommended,223100,23100040,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,ÏŤ,"I don't knw why ppl are complaining about this game.But for me, this game is awesome."
76561198003257957,Recommended,223100,30354127,Posted: 6 March,all,frostedtuna,"Love the story and gameplay. Campaign is like Far-Cryish; capture camps, salavage materials, upgrade weapons. Graphics / Sound / Music are top notch.Tried to play Multiplayer (Resistance Mode): No players are playing it.Single player wise, I recommend it. Multiplayer, go buy something else."
76561198015657262,Not Recommended,223100,23303595,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,Derpfestor,I came Homefront The Revolution on Guerrilla Warfare. LOL. Is a lie.
,Recommended,223100,30625796,Posted: 19 March,all,Nintendy,"1) Essential purchase2) Recommended purchase3) Recommended purchase during a sale4) Not recommended unless heavily discounted5) Not even recommended for Steam game collectorsThe most mediocre Far Cry game ever.... oh waitHomefront: The Revolution is the 2016 apparent sequel (but really loosely) to Homefront. It was published by Deep Silver and developed by Dambuster Studios.It's not a bad game, but it's far from a great game either, it's got some really big issues, for instance a lackluster story, some really bad graphics at some points (This game uses CryEngine...) and a terrible AI. But the game has some big positives as well, for instance it's gameplay is actually really fun, it pretty much plays like FarCry and that's not a bad thing, it also has some really satisfying gunplay at points, and the world is actually pretty decent as you see the effects of the revolution take over certain areas, it really gives it a lively feel. I cannot give a comment about the multiplayer as it is dead most of the time, but I will say that taking away the amazing multiplayer from the original Homefront and opting in for a mission type multiplayer was a bad option and is ultimately just not worth it.The game is at times broken, there have been many points where I have just got stuck on an object or in an area for no reason, there was even one time where I fell through the map, now luckily the developers have been working their♥♥♥♥♥off to fix issues and comparing to what it was at release, it's pretty damn good, but not perfect yet.The story is bad, and it's a shame because at times you can see effort being put into the game, but there have been parts where I wonder ""Well where did this plot point go?"" and the answer is really, it ends either too suddenly or it was resolved in a pretty mediocre ending mission, it really seems that the story was rushed as like I said, it has some of it's ok moments, but it gets broke down the next moment by an awful segment where you go survive an ambush or destroy♥♥♥♥♥♥ and seriously if you don't like the concept of 'Go here, destroy that, kill this person' then you'll hate this game as that is all it is for pretty much the whole game.The AI is the biggest offense in the whole game, if anything I could say this AI is the worst in this type of game, i'd really put it to the point where I'd say it can be compared to Alien Colonial Marines AI, it's just broke, there was one mission whereYou had to escort a Goliath to destroy Drone Launchers, but he kept getting stuck on just the smallest piece of debris. Another moment is where you had to escort 2 SAM turrets, 1 got escorted fine, the other got stuck immediately after the 1st was escorted, and I had to go back to a checkpoint which luckily was right after the 1st got to it's objective. And really the addition of stealth is badly used, it's really not neccesary except for 1 mission, and the AI can either see you through objects or cannot see you when you're in front of them, it's actually a joke.Luckily as said the gameplay is ♥♥♥♥ing superb, it taking the style of FarCry's gameplay was a good option and it works brilliantly here, it's so satisfying to go around claiming areas, the gunplay is amazing, getting a takedown actually feels really satisfying depending on the situation and the feel of just being able to go all over the place wrecking havoc is great.And finally the world is mostly well done, the effects of the revolution are there, you can see you're actions taking effect over places, and it's so damn satisfying to look around areas that were once under complete KPA control to be now under revolution, it really gives this sense of success and victory, that your actions actually do something, and that surprised me because many other games don't do this well at all, but this game actually does.TL;DR+ Superb gameplay+ You're actions actually make an effect+ The Revolution!~ Multiplayer is swapped for a co-op.... it's also dead~ Graphics can be awful at times, this is a CryEngine game.~ Can be buggy at times, but is mostly under control now.- Terrible story- Crappy AIOverall it's a strong 6/10 game. I recommend to buy this game on sale."
76561197984750692,Not Recommended,223100,25693063,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,ddiniraq,"Terrible let down and just a bad game all around, if they would have stayed with the original formula they would have had a smash hit.. I hate that they got my money for a game I wont / can't play.."
,Not Recommended,223100,31746741,Posted: 14 May,all,Skipbyskeepy,Not story line co-op
,Not Recommended,223100,33202054,Posted: 3 July,all,Last7RaveN,"Just like a pile of sh!t, it has many bugs. Even after the updates"
76561198279252390,Recommended,223100,25718260,"Posted: 26 September, 2016",all,James bond 007,culd someone get the game working
76561198284722919,Recommended,223100,25519481,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,AzOoZ-_-963,Awesome game
76561198072741811,Not Recommended,223100,25536468,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Zordrogal,one of those games Steam refund policy was tested.
76561198066676208,Recommended,223100,31677400,Posted: 10 May,all,Gughunter,"I'm 9 hours into it and it's a lot of fun. There is a learning curve but all the controls are pretty reasonable, at least on a 360 controller.I've read some reviews and they tend to have bland screenshots. The visuals are not usually bland. There's a lot of color, a lot of variety in architecture, signage, and so on.Story is fine so far, not a classic of world literature but enjoyable.I've read reviews that compare it to Far Cry and Dying Light. Those are apt comparisons from what I've seen. The movement isn't quite as fluid as Dying Light but it's good enough, plus you don't have the scary zombies.It performs very well on my 960 card with i7 processor, but I have the resolution set at 1600x900. I played at 720p on the 360 for several years so I'm OK with 900. I can't tell you how it might perform at 1080p or 4K.I bought it because I love open-world games and it was on sale. So far it's a cut above what most reviews led me to believe (most said it was serviceable but nothing special). I expect I'll finish it and get a fair number of the achievements, though probably not all.Edit: I made this reply to a fair comment: Yeah, any game is going to have a learning curve unless its controls and gameplay are a complete copy of some other game the player is already familiar with. What I should have written was that the game was different enough, even from the games it's most similar to, that it takes a while to learn its quirks... or did for me, at least. My point was that the effort is worthwhile."
,Not Recommended,223100,25894385,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,"Duck, Duck, Goose",Fun game but needs more content.
,Not Recommended,223100,26060739,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,boyfriend,boring as ♥♥♥♥.
,Not Recommended,223100,27567655,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,that one guy,it dosnt work it keeps crashing so i cant play it
76561198024091533,Recommended,223100,26663943,"Posted: 17 November, 2016",all,diddi,"140 hours of exciting game play! Good Graphics! Good weapon system! Very scary but realistic Story line!!! except that the meant to be invader would be China with their immense mass of people! But more though the wealth they have accumulated over the past 15 years thru bootlegged products, stolen technique from the west and trough investment from the west for their  cheap labor, with the idea behind  to open up the Chinese and Indian markets for western products. But the Chinese don't play by rules. Its just ignorant to compare this game with far cry as there is no comparison. how else are occupiers controling a country but by checkpoints and army pockets"
,Not Recommended,223100,25507426,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,veryhappyturtle,"jfc,, this wes,,,,,, really bad. its not worth it. please. save yourself. the movement is buggy, you get stuck on low hanging ceilings if you have to crouch. the ai is,,,,,,, bad. I dont see the appeal, they dont shoot at you if you are far enough away, but once they are close they are pretty decent but they seem a bit omniciant at close ranges. Stealth takedowns arent actually stealth, all nearby enemies are alerted. Eventually i ended up refunding it because i got stuck and respawned into the same location from where i was stuck. and to clarify, not stuck as in couldnt beat it, stuck as in could not move. I dont want to sound too negative and i did have some fun but, if you look at this game too close it falls apart. if you are into this kind of game its worth it, but its hard to reccomend with the game feeling broken, like with the buggy movement. its too easy to get stuck and then it forces you to reload from the most recent checkpoint."
,Not Recommended,223100,30608744,Posted: 18 March,all,GatMan,Don't even buy this game on sale. Worst FPS I have ever played.
76561198071984500,Not Recommended,223100,30678182,Posted: 22 March,all,vorbmage,"Do NOT buy this game if you have an AMD processor. The main screen loads, but you can't see any of the options."
,Not Recommended,223100,33936080,Posted: 31 July,all,LowSodiumCodRoe,short
76561198219445721,Recommended,223100,32966557,Posted: 28 June,all,hunt,Sweet Game!
76561198045092346,Recommended,223100,32957047,Posted: 28 June,all,paulbrown74,Fun Game to play
,Recommended,223100,25538893,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Spleen-Splitta,"Standalone + Voice of Freedom ReveiwThis by far is one of the best games I have played for a while and i enjoyed every second of it.First play through on this game i put 27hrs into it unlike most 6-8hr linear games out there.This game delivers you in stunning graphics great combat open world story experiance withEndless ways to approach your objective switching up your weapon style on the fly usingThe primary guns frame and attaching other mods changing the gun style completely.After a while it may seem repeataive but this game keeps it fresh with new areas missions feels like your fighting for something.This game is a big improvement from the first gameand it stands alone you can not compare it to other games.This game deserves to be a Triple A tilte and a spot in your library andI give it 9/10 with my seal of approval.-The voice of freedom dlc reveiw, 9gb download with a 30 minute campaign really! 9 gb I would expect 8-9hrs this is the shortest dlc i have ever played. i love this game but not this dlc, It should of been heaps longer like getting recruits as you progress through the campaign leading upto the events of standard game (more story driven). But not this I don't understand this dlc i give it a 1/10 very dissapointed."
,Not Recommended,223100,28415471,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Eiffel,"Besides the story and concept being dumb as hell, it's an okay shooter albeit a technical mess.It's a shame Crytek UK couldn't finish what could have been a more stable finished product than what Dambuster churned out."
,Not Recommended,223100,31884857,Posted: 21 May,all,J4К,"♥♥♥♥♥iest ending ever, why they had to die XD, I beat the man story in 12 hours XD"
,Not Recommended,223100,30480067,Posted: 12 March,all,felixader,"This game has had potential. A open world shooter in the scenario of urban guerilla warfare? Yes please!Since everyone and their uncle are already talking about the bad performance and immense bugs let me point out some problems  of the gamedesign:- AI is simply stupid. They are okay at traversing the terrain, but none of the really fight together or act in a way that maes sense (aside from scripted events. Especially in battle all the various NPCs do is run around without any plan or coherence not even to think of any kind of teamplay.- The Ai also has laserfocus on your position as soo as one is alerted. You can come from behind, not having given off a sinmgle shot and enemys will imidiately turn towards you and know you are there.- All your equipment is inneffective. What that means is the following:- Even the populated territories are rather sparsely populated.Using any explosives is cumbersum and especially not something you should do in full combat since it just takes to long to take out the approbiate explosive/tool and then use it and then to change back to one of your weapons. I often died trying to take down a heavy enemy, impervious to my normal weapons and then was overrun by normal enemys because it takes so long to do anything involving the equipment while your allies are uterly useless in preventinmgt enemys from flanking you.Your high rate weapons are all inaccurate as hell except if you shoot from the hip (wich is totally stupid) althugh it has no crosshair.Headshots with most weapons and especially silenced ones, do NOT kill in one shot. That means that everything stealth is useless and damned to fail because an utter comment by that enemy will imidiately alert all surrounding enemys to your presence.It also doesn't matter if have better equipment. Even with the heaviest armor you die as quick as without it.- Enemys spawn constantly even in Bases that you can only conquer when all enemys are eliminated. What. The. Fcku.- Enemys seem to have no walking sounds. So you don't hear them running up stairs or along a street. That with the last point repeatedly leads to them coming up from behind you and killing you while you try to clear out a base and killing you because you simply couldn't hear them coming.- The extra sidemissions called ""jobs"" are super tedious and it simply makes no sense that you can only take on four at one time. Wich i sad because some of the ideas, like taking pictures of you fellow freedome fighters are super interesting. The game just doesn#t do anything with it.- The game fails to makle something interesting out of urban and guerilly warfare overall.-The Story is terribble. I don't mind a silly alternate history story. But the start of the story was totally braindead, ESPECIALLY the totally senseless torture scene.The longer the story went on the more i had the feeling the Nortkorean Invaders were actually the good guys and the rebells i worked for were psychopathic, unempathic ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. I just didn't want to realy fight for them after a few hours.And sorry, but there is NO WAY and entire citys people would not break out in bloody riots when an invading force takes all the children. That is just absolute nonsense and a cheap excuse to make the onvaders look like the evil giuys and have no kids in the game. X-PThere is more but suffice to say is that i can't recommend this game except if you are curious and it is on sale."
,Not Recommended,223100,25509999,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Ismlorex,"DONT BUY ! Save your money...This game has really serious texture and fps problems. (yes, after the patches...)Some textures are not loading, in addition some texture like ps2 version. Examples, furnitures, graffities...And of course the artificial intelligence is really bad.(worse than assassins creed) I just played the prologue and the first mission and I send request return...Sorry , I really want to play this game but it is not like what I imagined.Dear producer,Just stop selling this."
,Not Recommended,223100,25486832,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Mike06,"Single player is nothing special. Games like these are dime a dozen.Co-Op multiplayer COULD be fun, excep for all the bugs.The graphics get so messed up it is almost unplayable."
,Recommended,223100,23323987,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,Shadebane,"I enjoyed the first Homefront, I love that kidna♥♥♥♥♥♥ I also loved Red Dawn. This however doesnt get a pass. The story mode is a bit broken and confusing, they set you in a linear world with an open world around it. If this game was playtested by anyone else  but the idiots that did, they might have help this be a AAA game.Its so far alright, its kinda like Farcry had a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. We all love that ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, but he doesnt belong.  Maybe some patches will fix some of the♥♥♥♥♥♥Steam wont let me reply to the question ""Why the thumbs up then?"" Because Ive been gaming on PC since 1998 and im well aware games dont come out perfect. I Still enjoy this game, and even like it with the mentioned problems. Hopefully the team gets this figured out as I feel Homefront was easily a surpassed gem of a game for many people due to poor marketing  and other AAA games out at the time."
,Not Recommended,223100,28958465,Posted: 2 January,all,tatankasamoyed,"If you enjoy the single player campaign  of Homefront: The Revolution,  you must not have much experience in these games because the story is dreadful.  Right from the beginning, they make it so both sides seem appalling.    The occupying  forces and the resistantance treat your character horribly.  I felt like gunnning both sides down.    Also at the opening, there's a minor character that's killed.   As soon as the first mission starts one of the very first NPCs on the street  is her twin.  I don't expect to see such a lack of variety in character modeling in the first two minutes of gaming.Graphically it's decent, but not anything spectular.    I am having  no performance issues except I'm stuck at 1080p.   My pc is connected to a 4k tv.   The desktop resolution is set at 1080p.    From what I have read in the discussions, Homefront will not set to a large resolution that your desktop.   It gives you the option, but it will not apply it.    That is ridiculous.   Every other game I can set the resolution to 1440p or 2560p and there's no problem.I wouldn't recommend buying this until it falls to the price it deserves:  five bucks or less.    If you want a modern shooter with a decent story-based campaign, COD IW is infiinitely superior.   Heck, the original Homefront is superior."
,Not Recommended,223100,24071532,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,DASman,since day 1 not a single multiplayer sever up...the coop is a joke shouldnt even be able to say there is coop.
76561198303214831,Recommended,223100,30436191,Posted: 10 March,all,진양,Strongly recommend Chinese       .Strongly recommend Chinese                 . Strongly recommend Chinese       .Strongly recommend Chinese                       .Strongly recommend Chinese                         .Strongly recommend Chinese                       .Strongly recommend Chinese                      .Strongly recommend Chinese              .Strongly recommend Chinese                          .Strongly recommend Chinese              .Strongly recommend Chinese                      .Strongly recommend Chinese                                 .Strongly recommend Chinese.           .Strongly recommend Chinese                        .Strongly recommend Chinese                                        .Strongly recommend Chinese                Strongly recommend Chinese.                 v.Strongly recommend ChineseStrongly recommend ChineseStrongly recommend ChineseStrongly recommend ChineseStrongly recommend ChineseStrongly recommend ChineseStrongly recommend ChineseStrongly recommend ChineseStrongly recommend ChineseStrongly recommend ChineseStrongly recommend ChineseStrongly recommend ChineseStrongly recommend ChineseStrongly recommend ChineseStrongly recommend ChineseStrongly recommend ChineseStrongly recommend Chinese
,Not Recommended,223100,30459742,Posted: 11 March,all,DookieLover,To expensive now wait for sale
76561198036698985,Recommended,223100,23045753,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,⊕ James. V,"It isn't bad, neither is it a fantastic game. I am currently enjoying it and i'd imagine if you like a dumb open-environment shooter like recent Farcry titles it'll be fun for you. People are complainning about bugs and whatnot, however, I personally haven't seen any myself. I think the game will just get better with post-launch patches, if you are not convinced that the game is worth it take a few weeks to wait till' more reviews are released."
76561198023228317,Recommended,223100,23177302,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Gandroid,"I was one of the lucky ones. Somehow the hardware gods smiled upon me, and I got zero lag and artifacts. However, buyer beware, the majority of people are getting heavy lag issues. The reason i recomend, is that it is a very enjoyable game, but you might as well wait for patches and a sale. I wish there was a middle of the road button, it just didn't feel right giving it the thumbs down. I'm really enjoying myself."
,Recommended,223100,23045772,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Homeschool Math Class,"Just a disclaimer, I've had no performance issues whatsoever. I can't comment on the lack of optimization or anything like that because that's just not happening to me.With that being said, this feels like a pretty solid game.First, the gunplay is delicious. When you pop off the perfect headshot, it feels oh so satisfying, and the takedown animations are crisp and pretty brutal. I like it. The gunplay reminds me quite a bit of Far Cry 3 and 4, so if that's your thing, you'll love it.From what I can see so far, the open world is pretty solid, too. There's plenty to do and plenty to collect, so it seems like if you complete the main campaign there's gonna be quite a bit for you to do after. It's less than other classic modern open world titles like the Elder Scrolls series or GTA, but there's quite a bit of content here in this world, probably around the level of say Sleeping Dogs.With that being said, there are a few negatives, specifically a really weak story. The original Homefront's set up for the invasion made a lot more sense, and even that backstory was a tough pill to swallow. The atmosphere the game sets up, especially when it's night time, in the suburbs of Philadelphia of occupation is pretty nice, but when you enter a redzone that tension goes away. The characters are also pretty B+ too and the main story missions are subpar. However, the gameplay makes traveling to them nice.All in all, it's a solid game. Do I give it a 10/10? No, but I'm having a lot of fun with it. I hear that if you have a PC that's a few years old it won't be able to run it, though, so just keep that in mind.If it goes on sale for 40$ this summer, get it. I'm having fun with it and if you are lucky enough to have a PC that can run it, you probably will too."
76561197961273382,Not Recommended,223100,23084212,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,[Redhand] Orchid,very glitchy... terrible FPS you get fps drops as well... somtimes even as low as 5 fps on a good machine... this game is NOT ready to be released.. to buggy slow fps bad gun play.... ugh... i had to refund it.... was terrible for me i do not recomend this to anyone.... at least not yet... wait for the bugs and such to be iron out.. thx
76561198114818319,Recommended,223100,23046902,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Leviaic,I really do not understand these negative reviews. I am enjoying the game and the only thing I can see being a problem at some points in the game is performance.
,Recommended,223100,23049387,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Revadas,"After playing 1.2 hrs of the game and reading the reviews. I can understand why people are upset about the optimization of this game, but I will give my thoughts and what I have experienced so far in Homefront: The Revolution.Settings and Computer specs:For me I have the settings at max, and according to fraps I am getting between 65-70 fps.CPU: i7-5820k32GB DDR4 RamEVGA GeForce GTX 980TiGameplay:The combat can seem clunky at first and the guns are inaccurate, but look at it like this. The person you are playing as never shot a gun before (From what we know), so most people will not be able to be perfectly accurate like trained soldiers or anyone that used a gun before. The bike that I tried out for a short while before I ditched it to go on foot since it seemed to be safer and quieter. Other than those, I do like it that you can do the weapon customizations like turn a pistol into a smg and a rifle into a LMG/gernade launcher.Conclusion:For me I think this game can be a lot of fun for me once I put the time and effort into it. For others who don't have as beefy of a computer as I do may want to wait a bit till they optimize it better for PC. If people are doubting that I get that FPS than I can always get a screenshot and edit my review with it."
,Recommended,223100,23044052,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,AngryAlexShow,Minus a few performance issues this is a really enjoyable game. Better than the first one. Hopefully they release a patch soon to fix perforomance stuff like lagging every now an them.
76561198079521157,Recommended,223100,23049564,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Rats Rats Rats,"DISCLAIMER:I'M GIVING THIS GAME A REVIEW ON HOW I THINK PEOPLE ARE JUDGING THE GAME INCORRECTLY IF YOU ARE LOOKING FOR A REVIEW ON GAME MECHANICS YOU HAVE COME TO THE WRONG PLACE,although it can't hurt to gush about the gameplay a little.      (please disregard spelling and punctuation errors for I am a mear child who knows not of grammar.)I was so happy when this game came out,""finally something to do beside play csgo and wait for borderlands 3"".Having been disapointed by battborn this was my last hope to not die of boredom.So I say is homefront worth the price,yes.I look at the reviews for this game and they have no description at all,this has happend three times this year and it's starting to get annoying.What am I talking about,false comparison, let me list off games that have gotten♥♥♥♥♥♥because of this  battleborn,doom beta,homefront,(SO FAR) as to why this is happening I have no idea but reviews have been ruining these games,for example battleborn was compared to overwatch which has nothing to do with overwatch what so ever same with the doom beta they said it was just a halo clone with call of duty elements ,HAS NOTHING WHAT SO EVER TO DO WITH HALO OR CALL OF DUTY,the only thing similar is the suit that doom guy wears similar to the power armour worn by spartans in halo.Now moving on to the main topic,Homefront the Revolution some of the first reviews on the game were,STAY FAR AWAY FROM THIS GAME or GAME IS A COPY OF THE DIVISION,again THE GAME HAS NOTHING TO DO WITH  THIS OTHER HORRIBLE TITLE DO NOT JUDGE THE GAME OFF OF THESE HALF BAKED REVIEWS THAT HAVE NO MEANING WHAT SO EVER.I said I wouldn't talk about gameplay but I am since I have to mension some of these amazing features.First off story I say it has a intresting plot with decent voice acting and you can really see how the story unfoldes.I FROGOT TO MENSION THE GAME DOES START OUT SLOW but after the 5th or so mission the game really starts to dig deep.Gameplay is well done it does something weird but it fits well,Homefront is the first game I know of that didn't have a completely broken cover system,the game gives you three options of attack,one is stealth with a very modified pressure pistol or you can take out your enemys with various tactics like explosive traps and various amounts of well animated takedowns.The second kind is all out guns blazing mayhem pipebombs molotoves and dragon breath shotgun fun.The third and my favorite is stratagey wich is any type of complex well strategy,example one of the missions has you hold off enemy forces for a extended amount of time so what I you could do was rid a motorcycle into a corridore of enemys jump off shoot a modified assault rifle rocket at it and wipe out a entire wave of enemys.Mensioned befor the motorcycle I WISH they would have included more of these into the game because IT WAS SO MUCH FUN,you could escape the enemy pursuing  you by driving on rooftops to a safehouse by using ramps and slick moves WHICH WAS UTERLY AWSOME.This game has bugs I'm not afraid to admit that but it deserves a fighting chance and it even has a way to bypass the mediocre AI,this is a rare ocassion in games but if you put the game on the hardest difficulty it becomes a million times better with you now running to cover from every threat that can potensially 5-6 shot you resources are hard to come by so you will be using every tactic in the books from stealth to strategy to mayhem as you work your way up to become the most feared freedom fighter to take back philadelphia  I give this game a 8/10 great mechanics and great game."
,Recommended,223100,23212235,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,DoomBlackDragon,I do not know what people are talking about with half this negitive reviews. The game has a few bugs that I have found but nothing extremly bad or game breaking. Did not really have a fps problem and I played the game on ultimate setting. I bet that because I am not trying play the game on a potato.  The story is good even if the ending was a little on the WTF. It really did make you feel like you where fighting an uphill battle. Plus the opening video was so bad it good. USA buys tech from North Korea and keeps buying tell the USA is trillions of dollars in debt to North Korea.My biggest problem was the world. Where it was kinda open world. Sadly once you do a few mission in that zone. You leave the zone and unless it one of 2 zone you will never go back again. The large amount of friendly npc and the lack of enemy npc breaks the immusion on the oppressive North Korea part. Also I hate the crappy crapy hacking mini game.I think the game is good. I felt I got my money worth from it but you might just want to wait for it to go on sell. Which this is a shocker for me. I rarely feel I get my money worth out of a game. It is even more so it rare for me to even like a game. I feel to many games are just piles of♥♥♥♥♥♥The game takes some of the better elements of Farcry. Then gives you the ability to carry 9 guns. Half of them suck but once you upgrade a few you get some great fps gameplay.
,Recommended,223100,23048669,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,NandooDias,"GTX 970 and I7 4790 3.6GHz at High resolution runs great (80-100fps) only some bugs with the civilians while walking (not that many just like in Assassin's Creed Unity) ! The performance isn't that good but was something already expected by me... It's a good game for guerrilla tactics, and for testing your patience (don't try the hardened it's really hard)10/10- shoot the drones it's the best part of it !"
76561198027309050,Recommended,223100,23100080,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Suds & Soda,"Despite my low level rigs, i'm playing on high-ultra (not all ultra) @55-60 fps on combat, too.The story, meh: you are recruited from the resistance of Philadelphia and have to free the leader (will i become leader myself?). Not the best, nor the worst.Gameplay: is similar to Far Cry titles(conquer posts, free hostages and so on), only aiming is a bit more difficult (which is not bad). Tutorials take you till a certain point, then it's up to you if follow the main story or do secondary missions/recon.Graphic: i'm liking it by now. It's ""enough"" for me. You can check it by yourself on youtube, anyway.Almost 3 hours and no bugs, no crashes, no passages blocked by npcs. I am probably one of the lucky ones.I hope that it helps.Sorry for my bad English."
76561197968577891,Recommended,223100,23051114,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Dungeoncrawler69,"did anyone actually look at the system requirements?  running all settings except aliasing maxed - no stuttering, game looks nice, runs nice, and is rather interesting so-far.  maybe people just don't like the idea of the norks being in charge?"
76561198047050014,Recommended,223100,23050576,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Kartoffel Führer,Open world first personshooter Great idea love it. so far gameplay yea has a few lag spikes and story is really really thought out. dont base the game on the negative reviews alot of them are because of graphics and their failure to realixe no game is perfect. the first Homefront the campaign was phenominal the multiplayer Meh! this Homefront the campaign seems great so far the multiplayer which is a coop scenario deal isn't bad but great either very little selection and seems like a long grind. The only problem i see with this game is the very small variety of weapons and coop capabilty. I definitely reccomend this game for the single player not soo much the coop.
,Not Recommended,223100,29837763,Posted: 10 February,all,eXcruciate,"TL: 4/10 A already borderline 5/10 on its best day game bogged down by too many technical problems, both big and small, puts it even lower than that score. The original Homefront was a borderline 6/10 and very short, like 4 hours long with zero replay value, so why this game was made is a mystery because nobody asked for it. Literally zero people on planet earth asked for it.Not worth the $12 I spent on it on sale, let alone the $40 normal price which is hilarious. Pass on this unless you are super curious then wait until it is someday $5 or less which probably won't be much longer. Way too many technical problems to be enjoyable, plus it feels generic.The enemy alarm is very easily triggered and alarms do not go away unless you hide in a dumpster or portapotty. Enemies will just spawn infinitely if you don't. Load times are long so having to redo anything sucks even more because of that. Even quitting to the main menu so you can close the game takes forever. Enemy AI is programmed so poorly that they can and always will psychically pinpoint your exact location if you aren't hiding in a dumpster or portapotty. Even if you run from them and duck way back in a corner they will still run around all obstacles to exactly where you are. Sometimes enemies will flat out disappear/despawn when an alarm is over, or even as you are firing right at them. You can only take a couple bullets before you have to stick yourself with a healing needle and even though you can eventually hold up to 7 you can still go through them all in 1-2 firefights.You can do side activities in areas which are not diverse whatsoever, very few different types and very simple like turning off a propaganda radio or cutting a wire on a generator. The few that are fun are instantly dull and very repetitive. Even so, once you get to 100% citizen cooperation which is quickly, side activities become pointless. The weapon modify system works well, it's just too bad there isn't even a single second of free time to modify a weapon on the fly during a firefight since at any second enemies will run right up to you. Enemy patterns are completely random during alarms. They will run around at random so you can't even move to risk detection because it isn't worth it since enemies spawn infinitely during alarms. Character models body and mouths move like Team America puppets. The story sucks and I had no care whatsoever what was going on even far into the game. It just became an unfun slog through a sewer of farty suckage. The worst part came when I had to do a mission to take out a supervisor without being detected. I kept triggering the alarm and spent about an hour and a half on the mission until I found out through luck that it was actually a civilian npc I was supposed to kill. Even then I kept triggering the alarm because the compound was so small and enemies and cameras can spot you so quickly and easily. That's where I gave up but you should give up at the store page because once you click buy you lose.Game is balls, avoid it."
76561198137867038,Recommended,223100,23097713,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,TH'   Rute,"Ok so i'm not far in to the game yet but i feel inclined to recommend with caution.  Doesn't seem yet like it's worth the pricetag but deep silver has done some great work, so i have hope.  If you're really eager to spend money supporting an american revolution, i suggest giving your 60 bucks to Wolf PAC.It's basically ""Far Cry: Neo American Revolution"" from what i've seen thusfar.  It's hard to tell at this point what depth the game will have.  It seems like it has sort of that 'nothing you do really matters' feel that saints row games have.  So for now until i have time to spend time playing the game, i'd advise holding off until it goes on sale unless you love FPS openworlds like Far Cry."
,Not Recommended,223100,31233494,Posted: 19 April,all,Tuna♥CATS,Video Review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=1dWdfX9BbO4
76561197979755549,Recommended,223100,23129624,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Hooah,"I don't know why everyone is complaining about glitches and graphics. This game runs great on my machine and I have a GTX660. Sure I had to lower graphics quality a bit but that's expected with newer games these days. The graphics still look great and it runs smooth on my machine. I'm hooked on this game too. I haven't played the previous Homefront game because I heard the storyline was short and I like playing singleplayer games. I'm not much into multiplayer considering all I come across are cheaters who think aimbots are fun for some reason. Battlefield 3 was the last frustrating multiplayer game i played. Anyway! This game is challenging and sure the storyline is simple but I love the combat, the equipment upgrading and taking back areas of the map with other NPC's as you just recruit random guys to fight next to you. I'm loving every bit of this game right now. Okay no more wasting time writing reviews. I'm going to go play Homefront: The Revolution. 10/10"
76561198009083702,Recommended,223100,23091277,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,mkv96,"Last night, I just bought this game, as expected, fully in line with my expectations game is quite classic, I do not find any problems with my card or old GTX650, CPU is not very good. I still do not understand why some people want to listen to the media ratings, such as IGN.IGN the hell is it? I play the game, not the media. Review the media go to hell now! ThanksRecommended purchase of: 10/10"
76561197971110695,Recommended,223100,23128522,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,WhitePaladin,This game is a fun labor of love.  Yes it had some of the usual glitches that have been my experience with cry enging games however what has been the draw for me is the story telling in the Homefront series and I thought that was pretty good.  I am left left wondering how much better it could have been without all the set backs.  The background small things were a good way to immerse you in this crappy situation that the characters are placed in.  The weapon system and the way the different ways to go about every situation felt fun and kept things different as you start to retake the city.  I look forward to playing with others.
,Recommended,223100,23147574,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,G_A,"Homefront - The Revolution: Not a bad game!I had been waiting impatiently for Homefront - The Revolution in over 3 months. A few days before the release, reviews began to pop up and overall the game got very bad criticism. I was quite disappointed at this, but still felt that I should give the game a chance. So I kept my pre-booking that I had on Home Front - The Revolution.On the night of the release, I eagerly started the game and was very pleasantly surprised. The introduction was really good! But after about 30 minutes of playtime the game crashed. I tried again, but the game crashed again at the exact same place. I spent about another 30 minutes to try and fix this, without any success. I went to bed disappointed and was a little bit angry at myself because that I hadn't listen to all these reviews that urged players not to buy the game.The next day, however, I found a solution to the problem. It turned out that the crashes occurred because I have a non-English letter in my windows username. So after creating another user on my computer, that contained only a-z, I was able to continue playing. With great surprise and to my great delight the game continued to deliver!After approximately 20 hours of playtime, I feel completely baffled. How could this game get so bad criticism by so many critics? I who usually don't like FPS games, appreciate Homefront - The Revolution very much.According to me, the game has a really good atmosphere, interesting and captivating story, varied and fun gameplay and beautiful graphics. When I play, I really feel like I'm part of the revolution. When my peers or civilians need help, I'll help them, not because of any promised reward, but because I value their life. I want to take over as many strategic points as possible because I want the revolution to move forward!Games that makes me feel like I'm in a new world, as a different personen, is according to me the absolute best kind of games. Homefront - The Revolution is that kind of game! Sure, it is buggy and it is not super optimized. But I i believe that Dambuster Studios eventually will fix those problems.I'll give this game a8/10. If it wouldn't be so bad optimized and had less bugs, it would have received a9/10from me."
76561198071401368,Not Recommended,223100,23047769,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,SiegeMode,"This game could be awesome. Graphics are awesome and so is the story. The game is plagued by it being un-optimized, no SLI or Crossfire, the latency is just absolutely unbareable. The latency is what makes the game hard to play. I will have to wait to until this game has some serious patch work done to it.I do not recommend anyone to buy this game until further work is done with it to make sure it is optimized. I would rather have waited longer for this game to come out and be ready. GG"
76561198054735536,Not Recommended,223100,23046989,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Pitler,They need to fix their♥♥♥♥♥♥because i cant even play the game because the light flickers constantly.
76561198174165261,Recommended,223100,23133509,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,lassesh,"great game, there are a few glitches like a man sitting in the air and a begger 10m. under the road but its not game breaking glitches"
,Not Recommended,223100,23108316,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,EVILCOMMIES,Homefront: Far Cry
76561198082664784,Not Recommended,223100,26062170,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Parking Mr.Doctor,No home. No front.Not even no Revolution.Horrible frame drop.Very foolish A.I.Empty open world map.DO NOT BUY THIS PIECE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,223100,23118190,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Jimmyabyss,"This is more matter of opinion especially ruling over the pros and cons. So far the game is amazing although I played the first one, this is definitely a step up. I personally don't have too much of a problem with this and would recommend it the second someone asks ""Jimmy. Should I buy this game"" I'd say yes because gameplay with this game is amazing and with friends is definitely even more fun. This isn't a professional review but for the standard gamer like myself, this game is pretty well done in my personal opinion."
,Not Recommended,223100,23559593,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Bulitt,"This was the worst $90 I ever spent in my life. $30 of which I never even recieved the product I paid for, Steam says contact the developer and developer plain flat out ignores me.Deep Silver will never get a single dollar of my money ever again and honestly I hope they go bankrupt just like all the other publishers this franchise touched. Strap this anchor to your neck and jump off a pier you slimy♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198188729781,Not Recommended,223100,23378979,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,kurtisbishop7,it is the worst game ever u might aswell of bought flappy bird
76561198002557814,Not Recommended,223100,23062616,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Hugh,"I have to admit, this game wasn't as bad as many of the reviews said it was. Goes to show you can't trust any reviews except your own. However, this game wasn't for me as it probably was for many other players. Although I only played the game for approximately two hours, here's my opinion on how well Homefront: The Revolution did in standard categories.Some notes to keep in mind:-Average shooter skills-Played on hardest difficulty-Avid FPS player-Average system spec (i7 4790k, GTX 660TI, 16GB 1866MHz ram)Now onto the review...Graphics: 7.5/12The graphics are what you would expect from a CryEngine game, it is definitely higher end than most games. The city looks very realistic and almost Division-like although it has a more scanty and poverty driven erosion rather than abandonment. Rain and water on the ground reflected somewhat accurately albeit I see random white spots in buildings indicating small puddles, even when it was night time. Graphical glitches are present like many people have seen; so far I have seen enemies caught halfway between walls when they die, friendly AIs with no guns, and quite frequently a floating dead drone. Overall, the graphics was not the problem for me, even with those funny glitches.Audio: 2.79/5.58Sound tracks were okay, but the voice acting wasn't very smooth and there were many bugs with my playthrough. If you press esc or alt tab while an npc was speaking, their speech was gone completely. Only the animation would remain. Not even the subtitles would continue if the speech disappeared. You would think the sounds of the weapons would be closer to the real thing, afterall we live in 2016 and effects are pretty accurate and realistic nowadays. Instead, this game chose to focus on its cutting edge graphics and just kind of toss the audio in the blender and hoped it mixed well, which it didn't.Performance: wtfwhy/2Why did the developers decide to waste money on denuvo? Dunno, but one thing I do know is that wherever Denuvo is, performance issues will come. It takes a moderately high to high end pc to continuously run this game at 60fps. For me, the game only took a dip to about 35-40 FPS but that was still enough to make the shoddy gunplay in this shooter somewhat hard to control even with controlled single shots from a decked out assault rifle. Changing settings didn't do anything: I restarted the game with low, medium, and high settings (minus AA and VSync for all of them) and didn't see any change in FPS. The controls were somewhat easy to understand but not as customizable as you may think. Only the basics were allowed to be changed, however things like replacing the holster button to something more convenient than 0 (zero) was not possible because it wasn't even in the keybindings.AI/Difficulty: lol/420Enemies and allies were all hit or miss on the hardest setting. There's a 50% chance you run into a convoy that does the right thing and defends it with their lives, taking cover and moving up when neccessary. The other 50% you have either every KPA in the block and their mothers bumrushing you as they spawn close by or wall huggers. Yes, wallhuggers. Doesn't even matter if they are shocktroopers, assaults, or even vehicles. They will pick a wall, they will run to that wall, and they will hug that wall. Outside of skirmishes when its time for stealth, you can't rely on your pistol because they won't go down with a single headshot. Takedowns are reliable but the stealth mechanics in this game makes it so easy to be spotted unless you are taking a lone soldier down. On the hardest setting I managed to secure all of the first zone when you are ambushing a convoy by just taking cover and popping headshots which you should be doing anyways, cause ammo is limited. Given the fact that Dambuster guaranteed Dark Souls-like difficulty... can't say they properly did that because the AI is bad.Overall: meh/5This game is okay; it isn't as good as Far Cry 3 or Crysis, but it is a hell of a lot better than the first Homefront. Weapon customization was a big plus, story was also much better as you aren't stuck with the same 3 ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s the entire game, and just being able to freely choose if you want to gather materials or do missions makes this game a whole lot better than what I expected. However, in my opinion Homefront: The Revolution doesn't make the cut with triple AAA games... You can't just slap the words CryEngine on a game and then expect people to pay $60, we want more than just graphics. Not only that, but to take away the multiplayer PVP and then leaving only COOP was a bad idea. If this game was released at $30 then maybe I might have bought it, but for now I'm taking my $60 and going to Overwatch"
76561197966105913,Recommended,223100,23120010,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Revixy,"Not the worst game out there... Don't see what the fuzz is all about.Video added below so people can see what I mean.Yes I read the issues people had, but I haven't experienced these issues what so ever.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=UKzJ3-mVG08&index=1&list=PLPxxdcb86ZHz002Q0-Ek73_NjyAluok39"
,Recommended,223100,23081818,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,setherdude41,"I find this game quite enjoyable, if you like the feel of farcry taking overplaces that is. The story line is well wrote the only issue I have had is a few minor texture errors."
76561198007264383,Recommended,223100,23083774,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Travis C.,Great game so far. Only issue ive had is FPS drop but it happens so infrequently its not a issue.
,Recommended,223100,23091757,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Guilty Complex,The only thing that sucks is the complete lack of jawns.
,Recommended,223100,23118401,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,depressedboi,"I just started, passed several checkpoints and it looks like good game."
,Recommended,223100,23048445,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,McHuntFace,I honestly don't see why people are claiming this game is complete garbage.  70 minutes into and I have yet to have any hickups or frame rate drops...
76561198141219154,Not Recommended,223100,23074013,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Gandalf,The first hour is ok. Then you realize you will spend the entire game shooting the same guy. Then you refund it.
,Not Recommended,223100,31723869,Posted: 13 May,all,Find Yourself,"Absolute Dogshit game, even on special for $10 its not worth. ♥♥♥♥ I should have bought a big mac combo like legit. The characters in this game are all ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥and michal bay tier apart from the doctor and the homeboy crawford. It is actually mobile game tier story and its ♥♥♥♥ing garbage. It was fun for the first hour and then you realise it just repeats itself over and over."
76561197977412539,Not Recommended,223100,26073775,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Lommetyven,Took me 9 hours to realize i wasn't playing Farcry 3
,Not Recommended,223100,28807173,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Doggo back 8/10,"Buggy, glitchy mess. Do not buy."
76561198048698002,Not Recommended,223100,23062609,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,PutinTheDank,"This game is a Huge let down! now story wise its even worse than the original Homefront and beleive it or not the original Homefront was for more beliveable and Compelling of a story than This game. So story wise its horrible , what else? well for two its dialouge is god awful for example: first start up the game "" hey you've been with us for three days""( 20 minutes later through) "" hey man your your really expirenced"" he's telling me as if i've been in the resistance for 5 years or something. #3 for an open world game this has the MOST linear mission gameplay i have ever played! I mean call of duty modern warfare 2 more than likely has less linear missions than this game! Well what about multiplayer? I remember the original Homefront multiplayer and that was actually pretty good, did they bring that back? well to answer your question......♥♥♥♥ NO! how dare you ask for that! you really expect us to put real effort into multiplayer! Why arn't you happy with this shity co-op mode we put in! to sum this game up, i doesn't deserve 1 thumbs down or 2, what this garrbage deserves it to be banned off the ♥♥♥♥ing planet. I would rather play every single call of duty games singleplayer than even dare touch this game. So do your self a favor and refund this dog♥♥♥♥♥♥and buy the original Homefront and/or Call of duty modern warfare 2 because those game had better multiplay modes and even a better singleplayer that actually makes sense( or at least more sense than this peice of♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,223100,25328884,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,AvTeC,such a good concept but such a bad game
,Not Recommended,223100,23046536,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Sylar,"So here's the thing... I freakin' loved the first Homefront game!!! However... Although this is a very pretty and kinda fun game... It's very much so mind numbing and not in a great way. If it was a Free to play game. I'd be so pumped for the AI to be stupid on the hardest diffuculty and the fact that the game gets really really easy as soon as you unlock a handful of weapons and locations... But, it was totally 60 bucks. Hopefully, the Co-op can redeem it. Otherwise it'll be back to playing Warframe for this guy. Wait until it goes on super sale."
76561198118623293,Recommended,223100,23101578,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,aggressiondontwork,"its such a good game being able to use hit and run tatics have never worked so good, maybe wait for a sale but i couldnt ive wanted this game since i first saw it and i have no regrets, amazing 8/10 and im downloading a patch right now for it so if that fixes the radom fps drops its 9/10"
76561197991962180,Recommended,223100,23046454,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,PurpleDuck,"I haven't had any issues with game performance so far at all, and I have a system far from the best. Running FX 8350 CPU (OC only to 4.3), R9 270x  gpu, 16 gb ram. That being said most of my settings are just on High, some a little more. I am also just running with most settings at high, and not pushing it too much yet.Definitely has the Crysis feel to it graphically. Some of the texures could use improvement, but overall are well done.The guns seem a bit clunky as others have mentioned. They are not bad, just not great. It does seem that you can steady all guns, even pistols which makes a big difference. I do love the ability to mod the hell out of the guns, this should hold some promise.  This gives you the ability to change your strategy on the fly which can be a very good thing.Voice acting I feel is passable. I would say maybe 10%-20% above par, but certainly didn't draw me in quite the way it could have. They make their point, but they don't give me an adrenalin rush of fight or flight.My biggest annoyance so far, and there have been few, is that when you shoot the enemies, they just seem to absorb it. I personally would like to see them falter a bit, show something that I just nailed him. I want to know that they felt it, I want to know that they are hurting...maybe I ask too much.Overall I think that I will enjoy it. I am curious as to the amount of play looting and crafting has on the game, but with an open world, I think I will have gotten my money worth. If I find glaring issues, I will ammend."
,Not Recommended,223100,30940876,Posted: 4 April,all,DyBeast,"So I also play console if you guys dont know. MANY MANY MANY of my friends told me to get this game! So I was like you know why not get it on PC right? Everything is better on PC right? Well i thought wrong. This is the worst console port ever! The controls are so delayed! The game looks like my little cousin got some markers and grew all over my computer screen. Oh dont even get me started on the motorbike controls. The missions suck. The guns have more recoil than an RPG. The guns are also about as useful as an orphanage without kids. I DO NOT WANT ANYONE TO BUY THIS GAME! Please im begging you I spent $5 on this game because it was on sale, but dont waste the full price for this game please.I rate this a 2/10. It had a lot of potential and then just ran away."
76561198070414077,Not Recommended,223100,33608153,Posted: 17 July,all,mugobaba,extremely datailed human models but no soul...
76561198216992460,Not Recommended,223100,30419640,Posted: 9 March,all,Thanh Niên Xung Kích,"singleplayer seems ""ok"". but no one plays multiplayer anymore"
,Recommended,223100,23100777,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Detroit,So far from what I have played the game is a mixture of Infamous and METRO. I've not had any bugs and I'm having fun. The graphics are great environment doesn't really change too much but what can you expect to change in a city environment. The main qualities are there and thats all I've asked for.
,Recommended,223100,23104172,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Clyde,"Everyone is complaining about optimisation, but I've had little to no problems with frames, and all of this is patchable. The story is great for those who liked the first game, and the multiplayer ranking system/upgrading system is a lot of fun, but its hard to find people to play with sometimes, as its a new game and people are giving it too much hate."
76561198127475864,Recommended,223100,23141500,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Jwarman,"Note that at the time of this review I had only played the campaign and therefore this review will focus on that and no this will not have any spoliers in terms of actual story.Pros:Good weapon customisationVery good campaign in terms of detail and storyRuns reasonably well on my PC and only had a couple of drops during the campaign  (I know that some people have had problems with fps drops)The easy difficulty is not a I win option in terms of difficulty and still offers a good challenge.The health system is very good and definitiely adds to the challenge of the game.Mixed (Things that were good and bad)Good overall background story although disappointed that it was changed from the story in the original Homefront but I understand why it happened.Although free to explore in the zones, I thought it would be truely open world like GTA V and that it seems to feel linear even though you can take over strongholds etc.The A.I aren't idiots but they are not exactly the sharpest tools in the box either.Cons:Last part of the game becomes linear and back to the original homefront and other FPS gamesUse of the RC car is quite bad and can be troublesome on things such as stairsCampaign is quite short but longer then the original.  I completed this campaign in about 15 hours.Overall rating: 63/100Not going to win any awards but it is definitely better then the first Homefront. I would get it when it is on sale if you don't want to pay £40 for it."
76561198082736200,Recommended,223100,23237970,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,de penetrerende oma aka Raikov,its a fun game
,Recommended,223100,30604940,Posted: 18 March,all,kmanitou81,"I have no way of knowing the true state of the game when it was released. The critiques were harsh, even nasty, and the footage I saw led me to believe it was broken, to be avoided at all costs. Thankfully, I played it a long time after release, after most problems had been eradicated. In 25 hours of play, I didn't get any crash, broken save file, stuttering during saving or anything like that.Even though I enjoyed it tremendously, the game still has a few problems. You spawn a bit randomly after you die, in some safe house you've unlocked in the area, no quick save. Not a big deal normally, but enemies can spawn close to you at times, so you might just get ♥♥♥♥ed once in a while and have to reload. Everything's going well... then boom, bunch of Norks on your flank and you're dead. Some NPCs will freeze up once in a while or spazz out, but nothing super annoying. The scripting of specific missions isn't quite perfect, so a few retries can be necessary.But how's the game?Pretty good, actually. I guess ""urban Far Crysis"" is an apt description, but it does have a lot of other influences, like The Saboteur, Half-Life 2, Fallout 3 and Dying Light. The game map is divided in zones that have to be reclaimed city block by city block, while a story unfolds through a series of main missions. The theme of hostile occupation is at the forefront here, whether it's about patriots vs. collabs, the sabotage missions, playing as the scrappy underdogs against a military power, etc.The red zones reminded me of the Fallout 3 wasteland, with broken houses, terrain carved by bombs, and pockets of resistance. Conquering each little area within the zone and the various strongholds, thus increasing the presence of the resistance, is your main objective outside of completing the story missions, and recruiting a little team fighting with you was very cool, even if they die a bit quickly. Flash events ask you to help defend a hot spot once in a while, and there are random patrols in the streets.The yellow zones are still mostly intact and feature strict patrols and various targets to sabotage. You can blow up various vehicles, destroy cameras, loudspeakers, etc. like in The Saboteur, a game that I remember fondly. There are also several ""slow parkour"" or environmental puzzling to be done to uncover weapons caches and other points of interest. The main objective here is to increase the morale of the population so they'll fight alongside you, going from terrorist status to liberator.The story is a fair attempt at displaying the tensions inside a little group of patriots trying to do the impossible and I didn't have any problems with it. It's not deep, a bit disheveled, but it has several strong moments and set pieces that felt like stuff was really happening on a big scale. I never felt like giving up on the game, and that's rare for me these days. The ensemble of weapons with their various modules were fun to use, and the sounds have good impact. It's a nice-looking game with very detailed characters and good textures.Very ambitious game, and even with the chaotic development and messy launch, it ended up being worth playing and even memorable. I wouldn't have bought it with Denuvo, but now that it has been removed, it's a clear yes from me. Clearing everything should take between 30 and 40 hours. If you like FPS games, dystopian themes and decent to high production values, I'm pretty sure you'll enjoy playing this game. I liked it more than any Far Cry, and it's certainly more polished now than the Fallout games. Just like with Dying Light, I wasn't expecting anything and ended up loving it. I'll surely pay attention to whatever Dambuster releases next, just like with Techland.FX-8320RX 470 4 GB8 GB RAMWindows 10 64-bit1080p, mix Medium-High settings, AA, 60 fps most of the time"
76561198040853804,Not Recommended,223100,23043858,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Battlewrench,Constant stuttering making it incredibly frustrating to play. Became so frustrated despite trying on just about all settings uninstalled and requested refund. Couldn't change the keybinds on all actions. Wanted X as my crouch and it was stuck on ingame weapon custimizing...well it made me do both.Couple patches in the future and it might be fixed/fine...now not worth it.
76561197980527805,Recommended,223100,23046658,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Dark,Con: Decided to snipe some norks. Found some KPA soilders to snipe. When I blew off the head of one the other two instantly shot and killed me from 3 blocks away. Reloaded and tried again. This time the soilders didn't move as I shot their buddies one after another.Pro: Gave up sniping and started sneakinig around knifing people. Found out that Ethan is a ninjaI am actually having fun with this game. I am not a fan of the far cry or assassin's creed mission structure. Go clear out enemies and gain a portion of the map but I've played battlefield and COD games are worse. Its a good game to hold me over until blood and wine comes out on the 30th7/10
76561198120184109,Not Recommended,223100,23048770,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,The Dishonoured Wolf,"This is by far the worst shooter of 2016, and easily one of the worst shooters I've ever played. Right off the bat, I knew something was horribly, TERRIBLY wrong with this game. But, I guess that's just what I get for thinking that the sequel to the most mediocre game in history was actually going to be worth a damn.For starters, the enemy AI is stupid beyond reason. Most of the time playing had them running into walls, shooting in the wrong direction, clipping through objects, or shooting one way while the bullets go another. I haven't seen AI this bad since RIde to Hell: Retribution. Frankly, though, this isn't much better than RTH, anyway.The writing is some of the most incompetent♥♥♥♥♥♥I've ever witnessed. Every line of dialogue was cringe-worthy, every character a shell, every NPC an idiot. I thought Halo 5 had writing, but this is straight up incompetent on every level. The mission design is lazy, simple Point A - Point B run and gun shooting, taking buildings, ""talking"" to NPC's, and after you claim a new stronghold, it immediately is decked out with American flags and sprawling with rebels. It's so jarring that I actually thought I was teleported to a different area of the map on several occassions. On one occassion, I had to take a stronghold with a Korean tank inside. The tank, out of nowhere, exploded, without any warning or reason whatsoever.Kill me now. Please, put me out of my misery!The multiplayer is an absolute joke. A series of co-op missions (of which encompass and grand total of TWO GAME MODES!) have you do the same exact things you were already doing in the campaign. The absurd nature of the plot does nothing to assist in the game's setting, the player customisation is an absolute joke, your body clips through objects incessantly, friendly NPC's clip through objects even more, and the freezes and stuttering in this game is ABYSMAL. I can run just about every modern game on Ultra and still pull off 45+ FPS (depending on how demanding the game is), so it's absolutely unnacceptable that this game, on MEDIUM SETTINGS, still freezes constantly. Movement is jerky and awkward, the gunplay is hit or miss, and half of the objectives in the game don't even work!Seriously, no joke, at the beginning of the game, you have to set off a trap that includes explosive barrels. You have to simply press a button to detach the barrels and have them fall on the North Koreans and blow them up. One of the barrels (I couldn't make this♥♥♥♥♥♥up if I tried) actually got stuck, and it blew me up instead.This is the ♥♥♥♥ing travesty of a game that this abortion of a company delivered.I don't know why it happened, but Crytek apparently sold the rights to this game to some other developer I've never heard of, and it's clear that they have NO CLUE how to make a game. Do not play this. Do not rent it, do not purchase it, do not borrow it. It is the worst FPS I've played in years. This makes the last Homefront game look like a masterpiece. I actually enjoyed Major\Minor, the dumbest game of all time, more than this game. Refund it if you were suckered into buying it.♥♥♥♥ this game."
76561198134085934,Not Recommended,223100,26081764,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,OMGitsLiquidsTv,this game is ment for controller like really bad
76561198073140786,Not Recommended,223100,31428666,Posted: 28 April,all,masturbating toaster,its just... bad.
76561198091521612,Not Recommended,223100,31429468,Posted: 28 April,all,King Slayer,"Its a great sign when in the first 30 minutes almost none of the audio in cut scenes lines up with actions,,,"
76561198033177911,Not Recommended,223100,31695884,Posted: 11 May,all,John Wick,Black screen on start press enter to beginning but nothing  works :( no steam support only links for support dont buy :( seems like a troubble game ???
76561198170208910,Not Recommended,223100,30481769,Posted: 12 March,all,stig777,CRASH
76561198063115803,Not Recommended,223100,32603968,Posted: 20 June,all,thegreatgunbantoad,"Don't touch this with a #itty stick.  It's unstable and it doesn't #ucking cloud save.You useless bunch of #unts.Seriously!!!!!??? steam is awesome, but the developer doesn't actually support the features that make steam great.  I won't touch this series ever again.... #UNTS"
76561198370115397,Not Recommended,223100,32326215,Posted: 10 June,all,islamic-CHILD-abuser,This game aint worth the money. ots just lame.
76561198371257815,Not Recommended,223100,32283751,Posted: 8 June,all,fuck cod,This game sucks neither the story or the gameplay is worth your time nor money
,Not Recommended,223100,30435242,Posted: 10 March,all,Venomousbeetle,Terrible performance. Probably Denuvo.
,Not Recommended,223100,31744582,Posted: 14 May,all,DaniValentine,piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game dont even bother. had 90% weapons and 50% attacments in teh first hour. not work it and the story takes to long to get into.
76561198073142195,Not Recommended,223100,31755480,Posted: 14 May,all,bradhartz1,"Probably the most uncontrolled framerate in a game i have ever seen, aiming and movement is garbage and ruines the whole experience, dont bother trying to play."
,Not Recommended,223100,28858257,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Cattblue,"Bought this game in the 2016 winter sale & i`m glad i did, Started the game up & played the first section when your on foot, i would say a mini tutorial to the game, until i reached the underground in the erm underground. This is where the game took a turn for the worse, playing as a recruit for said underground you are expected to BUY weapons & upgrades from items you pick up in game WTF. Then theres the vehicle controls, I mount the bike found in the container & try to drive it to the next checkpoint, I hit every car, every bollard along the way because of the control scheme with no option to play in 3rd person that i could find. Graphics are ok but nothing special & there is lag to contend with.As i said i picked the game on sale including all DLC, I will go back & play some more BUT not any time soon!"
,Not Recommended,223100,31670795,Posted: 10 May,all,Cole,It was almost worth $10
,Not Recommended,223100,29001570,Posted: 4 January,all,MATRIXDOG,♥♥♥♥ this game
76561197984386177,Recommended,223100,23043711,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Der Dorftrottel,I got exaclty what I expected from this game. Its like a cross between far cry and dying light. I have a 960 FTW and other then some frame drops after cut scenes it's great.
76561198137883300,Recommended,223100,23043505,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,EverWilder,"Been playing since the release. Being in the American service I like killing the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s who took over the country I love. It's beautiful, and it's finally a large scale first person that doesnt seem ""filtered"". The gun customization is pretty gosh darn creative, and the scale of AI warfare is great, flipping amazing for the graphics (which is eye candy) The only issue I have, is how dumb the AI are. They are plentiful which is good but they also get in the way. Like, a lot. Friendlies blocking doors and never ending hoardes of badies (and friendlies) coming out of the wood work looking to make a kill. The game is a challenge (the good kind, enimies main style of attack is like previous asian style warfare, aka numbers for strength). A huge step up in the face of the previous Homefront and a total screw you in the face of the dreaded moster Ubisoft. This is a GOOD game. Just take it with a pinch of salt. I hope to see some fixes, maybe smarter AI?"
76561197980930702,Recommended,223100,23089607,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,✠STAHLHELM✠-GER,AGAINST COMMUNISM !!!
,Recommended,223100,23049876,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Höchste Herrscher,"Its a diamond in the rough, if and I can't stress this enough ""if"" the developers are commited to bug fixes and post launch optimization it will be able to claim a place as an 7.8/10 game.  The game itself is good and you will enjoy the time spent while playing, it is just mared by either gameplay bugs or graphical artifacts that distract you from what is basically""Skyrim with guns"" in americaPros:- Gun Custimization feels fluid and allows quick adaptation.- Graphics look good with well defined styles for each area- Well designed world layout- Multiplayer is a fun co-op experience if you have friends to play it with, think Mass Effect or Dragon Age Inquisition.Cons:- Bugs aplenty- Voice acting is similar to most other Deep Silver games, decent but not great- Story is very short in terms of how much time you actually spend doing the missions- Unskippable Cutscenes"
76561197987911758,Recommended,223100,23049881,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,SargeantPopTart,I've got no problems with this game yet and i'm loving it though the campain is a little short but still fun.  Wish there was a multiplayer but the co-op is still fun
,Not Recommended,223100,23087898,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Carnivore Angel,"As of this writing, Homefront is a glitchy mess with ridiculous performance issues - while it is playable, this level of neglect should not be tolerated or supported.  If you really want to play it, despite its clunky mechanics and feverish, if not near-sociopathic endorsement of paranoid 'us versus them' mentality, give it a few months.  Hopefully, it will have been patched into some reasonable condition by that point - but even then, it might not be worthwhile to endure Philly Alpha screaming 'GREAT JOB BRADY, THAT'LL GET THE PEOPLE BEHIND US' into your ear every time you murder another human being in broad daylight."
76561198088855592,Not Recommended,223100,30377663,Posted: 7 March,all,RJK JR,Stay the Hell away from this game! Unless you have the patience of JOB!! spend 5 bucks ok just to run around and kill all enemies... The AI will test your level of agravation.
,Recommended,223100,23194707,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Windy*City*GaMinG,"I reccomend this as a SOLID shooter that will bring 10x the fun as the latest Far Cry or other of these titles that have become a tad repetitive this last season. Graphics are boosted & are wonderful(even for lower end users!). There is alot here so far, although that aspect I would have to revisit upon completion as far as length and true depth. I'm actually about 8 hours in roughly, and it really feels theres lots left to do, & Im hoping thats the case. Before specuilating any further on story, I mean the beginning has been exciting, but where it goes from here I'm not sure yet, but I DO feel there is enough fun here for me to reccomend. ALTHOUGH, there will be an update shortly as per full content..All in all, voted up because of how awesome it feels & that everything is there that can be fun for most of us, I have set up explosives SOOO many ways, and only scratched the surface of customizations, I mean everything IS here for an awesome experience, and frankly its scratches that itch as theres really nothing else quite like it for the time being(from my perspective anyway?) You really have to play it to get it, it runs SMOOTH, I'm crossing my fingers it persists and grows on story more throughout the game, so yeh def. will be an update to this review...**Also, I should mention that I could not find a game last night(at 2am) for the co-op play, can't explain why yet, wether it was the time, or is dead already, so will update this aspect too.**But even as a single-player experience(so far) I am having fun & excited to play more.**I'm STILL waiting for more gripping storyline in this game, rrgh, and well I think it was smart of them to make the AI so unpredicteable and challenging cause thats what brings me back to wanting to play more, Ive been doing a boatload of the side missions first as thats just my tendency, but seriously the last update I make to this WILL be adressing the story, as I want to be further along to be sure it soaks in before critiquing in totality.**NO MULTIPLAYER, AND DISSAPOINTING AS THE FIRST HOMEFRONT ACTUALLY HAD A REALLY FUN MP THAT WE ALL WERE HOPING TO SEE IMPROVED UPON FOR THIS RELEASE, I MEAN THATS WHAT WE ALL WERE THINKING, AND WAITING FOR. THIS IS VERY SAD** THE MULTIPLAYER IN THIS VERSION IS BROKEN, & ID ACTUALLY LOVE FOR THEM TO OPEN THIS TO MODDING OR DO A FULL MULTIPLAYER RELEASE THEMSELVES, A HUGELY MISSED OPPERTUNITY TO IMPRESS THE FANS, LIKE I SAID, SAD. THE STORY TURNED OUT TO BE MEDIOCRE, NOTHING REALLY CHANGES OR HAPPENS THAT LEAVES AN IMPACT. FELT A TAD RUSHED & AS IF THINGS ARE MISSING, I ALMOST FEEL I WAS TOO EXCITED AT THE BEGINNING, THEN IT FELL MORE FLAT.. OVERALL GOOD, NOT FANTASTIC, LOOK FOR A SALE.."
76561198076247180,Not Recommended,223100,23043913,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,troll,GTX 980TI     I7-6700K 4.00GHz 4.01GHz   cant even run the lowest setting. WTF!
,Not Recommended,223100,23044316,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,I]SilverHawk[I,this is 5 years of game development??  Seriously???  LMAO
76561198071132784,Recommended,223100,23096435,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Sikyro,Best steam refund ever 10/10
76561198059782377,Recommended,223100,23050199,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,ArcticSpartan117,Love it!
,Recommended,223100,23057753,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,C.Serena,Its ok not great needs some work on the optimization front right next to the balance front so then it can be a good Homefront very punny am i
,Not Recommended,223100,23047416,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Tomak The Bus Driver,"This game is buddy, I have had to repair the cache just because the game would not load correctly. Sometimes people will be invisible, or items needed ot progress the story will disappear if you reload your checkpoint. So technically, it has a lot of issues.The gameplay is really bland as well. The shooting seems really clunky, and i never feel like im totally accurate, and I should. It is just not crisp at all. In the 2 ish hours that I played, it just seemed like there wasn't much content whatsoever, I was doing all these story missions, but I didn't feel like I was progressing the story at all. It almost felt like the story missions where more like the side missions.At teh end of the day, this game is just not all that much fun."
,Recommended,223100,23045469,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,JohnPaulGrim,"I get the hate, but at the same time I really am enjoying this game.Its kind of an open world Half-life.At 3440x1440 resolution Im getting solid 60fps, sometimes more.Granted I copied the SLI bits from RYSE and pasted them over to Homefronts.But that little copy and pasting gave me 90% utilization in both of my 980ti's.Who knows, I may grow bored of this game the more I play it, but right now its pretty fun!"
,Recommended,223100,23047078,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,The Purple Octagon,So far this game is really good laggy in some parts but that could be do to the fact that it is loading the area. The best way to describe this is Far Cry in a Urban Setting. I really do like the story maybe thats because I was fan of the first one but none the less i think think this game is really good.
76561198156021248,Not Recommended,223100,23359791,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,WeeHammy,"was a decent game but, there is problems, the game glitches, jumps,freezes and also the speech is not paired. False advertisment aswell. but overall the game had a ""decent"" story line, a bit short but decent. i wouldnt reccomend this game to anyone, unless you want to spend your money on a rushed piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198015517015,Not Recommended,223100,23047635,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,CheGuevara&Fidel,"Poor optimization on pc, graphicall and technical bugs from the very first moment.High, medium, low settings - does not metter - game lagging.I could finish my first battle - was killed because the game lagging.When I start to play I found that this game looks similar to Metro, Stalker...Going to return. Don't need this."
76561198206238713,Not Recommended,223100,29704432,Posted: 4 February,all,Telescope Guy,garbage
,Recommended,223100,23093794,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Ryu,No lag at all. using 970.No idea what people are talkin about eventhough theyve got better graphics cards than me!seems people tend to lie or either have a good graphics card and a bad pc all round.8/10
76561198047392668,Recommended,223100,23057577,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Cpt. Dale Wardark,"I'm quite a fanboy when it comes to this series, if it can be called that, since there's only one other game in this series. BUT! It IS a good looking game; during the day. The night sucks. It's near impossible to see anything without flipping on the flashlight. Night becomes scary and unnecssarily difficult to navigate and fight in. Another thing is the frame issues. Every once in awhile there's a drop, or freeze for a second, but it bounces back. The weapons are a whole nother story. The weapons are awesome. Having a weapon for near every situation is great, and carrying one weapon means you're carrying three. (For instance, the pistol converts to an SMG or a silent Air pistol) Gear is seemingly unnecessarily tedious to get, but is useful, I just wish it could be upgraded even further. Weapon Upgrades really do make a difference as well. The Red Zone/Yellow Zone concept is also very novel, switching between zones that are all-out warfare, and zones that require stealth and stealthy killing is really fun, though it can be annoying. The story is near standard shoot-em-up war-games fps play, but that's okay, because it fits. I wouldn't recommend it at the price it is, but I'd definitely recomend it at 40 or lower."
,Recommended,223100,23093886,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Grooted®™,"ill say it right now: they had a line to reach, and they missed it. not by much though.pros:guns sound and handle well (by sound i mean reasonably realistic)graphically pleasing- there is a con ill talk about laterfairly large mapfunny AI- another con ill talk aboutthe co op mode is fun af, specially when you realise that you can kill yourself and your mates with one well timed bike dismountyou can make a co op squad of old people (female and male) and kick♥♥♥♥♥Norksminimal gameplay bugs- bar the AI ones.yet to see any micros- remember reading about them being in game but seem to have disappeared.cons:optimisation is needed hardcore.AI, both friendly and enemy, can go full potato- stuck on random objects, block doors, teleport, randomly spawn/despawn infront of you etchoping for more co op content. even main story co op (maybe)very minimal realism in death (guess they didnt want to up the rating)would i recommend this game? not at full price. worthy of a steam sale purchase.season pass is up to you, id recommend just getting the bundle- ON SALE."
,Not Recommended,223100,26054761,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,jrocknyc,"is this a game? all i see is unskippable cutscenes that go on for so long that even when i leave to go poop, IT""S STILL GOING when i get back."
,Not Recommended,223100,23209286,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,HawksWill,"This game was just♥♥♥♥♥♥ Stuttering graphics and fps drops galore, not to mention screen tearing and tonnes of bugs.m 0/10"
,Recommended,223100,23091064,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,God,It's not bad
,Recommended,223100,23096363,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Senpai Ryuu,"You know i don't see why this game has so many complaints , personally I f****n love it so much"
,Recommended,223100,23515455,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,┐AkH└ prevent ☪,"FarCry in America.That's probably the best way to describe the game.  It's open world with a bunch of little tasks you can do... take this outpost, defend these friendlies from an attack, etc. while you have the option of following the story as closely or as loosely as you want.  So the structure of the game essentially is like FarCry in America.  Instead of open valleys, tall mountains, and little ravines... you're exploring a dense urban landscape with door to door, street to street, and rooftop to rooftop fighting inHomefront: The Revolution.If you've been a fan of theHomefrontfranchise, you'll like this game.  You'll get your dose of warfare that pits you against an invading army on American soil, a premise that's usually just briefly touched on or completely ignored by the FPS genre as a whole.The game itself, however, feels largely like a work in progress instead of a fully polished game.  The animations are passable, but not great.  For example... something simple like lifting a dirtbike up off its side and getting on it doesn't have a smooth first person animation where you lift the bike and climb on.  Instead, you press F and the bike lifts itself upright, then you press F again to climb on.  Looting an enemy for supplies shows a progress bar on your HUD, at which point when its completed you quickly pat down the body and you get your items.  Now neither of these really stand out on their own nor are they game changers, but when alot of repetitive actions have a placeholder-esque animation tied to them... they do add up.Bullet registration on enemies can be hit or miss at times (look at me making puns and stuff), which again adds to this rushed feeling the game seems to leave you with.  Often enough you'll see a few inches of an enemies head exposed while he is behind cover, but none of your bullets will do damage until they stand up.  Similar things happen to arms and hands when they are behind cover... seeing a small sliver of them exposed sometimes isn't enough to score any hits (which you know because the game has hitmarkers).I'm only 3 hours in so far, and while it has small things like that which I feel could have been done better... I'm still having a blast at the game.  I usually never play any game for 3 hours straight, but I just playedHomefront: The Revolutionfor that long in one sitting and it felt like only an hour has passed.  It keeps me engaged... always wanting to capture the next objective, loot the next crate, and kill the next enemy.  It's hard to put down even with its shortcomings.  It has enough going in its favor in other departments that it makes up for where it falls short.So for people like me who want a shooter that does something different and explores new territory in more ways than one, I recommend this game.  It is fun to play.  I think it's definitely worth $40 at least, but I'm aHomefrontjunkie so I was willing to pay full price because I simply didn't want to wait.But for people who want to play a Call of Duty or Battlefield on US soil, they will probably be disappointed.  The game is heavily story and setting based, and feels unpolished as a pure shooter.  The gunplay and movement doesn't feel as smooth as Call of Duty and the environment and vehicles don't feel up to par with the Battlefield series.  The graphics are good enough, but doesn't really have the ""wow"" factor that FarCry has been able to achieve with each passing release.So in the end, it's difficult to have a universal answer to the question of ""Do you recommend this game?""  It depends on who you are and what you're looking for.  For me, if I want to play a pure FPS I play Insurgency.  It's an awesome shooter... even with approaching 2,000 hours in that game I don't see anything replacing it because its movement and gunplay is so spot-on.  But sometimes I want to play a game with good storytelling and a good narrative.  So for that I'm enjoying the hell out ofHomefront: The Revolution.Overall I think it's a good game to supplement your other shooters.  It won't replace them, but you'll have a hell of a time inHomefront: The Revolutionwhile taking a break."
76561198318204341,Not Recommended,223100,33761756,Posted: 24 July,all,Jack-O-Ripper,"NOT WORTH AT ALL.Sh** story. Sh** weapons that gets repetitive very quickly.  I wish i didn't buy this the moment i figure out how to delete something from my library this thing goes to trash. Its a crime to call this a shooter. You go area after area doing EXACTLY the same thing and thats all. I played through ONE time and i cold not wait for it to end. PLS believe me this ""game"" is Not worth your money or your time."
76561197998797907,Not Recommended,223100,31656721,Posted: 9 May,all,Maniac,"Even for 10€ not really worth it. After 4 hours straight playing i stopped and im not sure if i will ever finish this game.I really wish i would have been a bit more like the good old Freedom Fighters but it just didnt feel a bit like it.KI is stupid, gameplay is repeating way too often.Dont know what i should write much more about this game"
76561198002415759,Recommended,223100,23090182,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,ArkTicSS[1/1],buy and try if you can run this game or notthe gun play is pretty nice anywaymy gtx970 can't so I already request a refund
,Recommended,223100,23150627,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,jumboperson187,"Almost 11 hours worth of story and I thoroughly enjoyed it. It played a lot like what little of the Assassin's Creed series I've played in regard to the capturing strikepoints and controlling more of each zone, while the rest of the game feels like Dying Light with less parkour."
76561197965370010,Recommended,223100,23162932,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Gunnyhighway,"Great game!...Great environment!...Great gradual representation of urban chaos in motion!....Awesome MP!....An overall great story illustrating the good old American spirit of ""Red Dawn""!...It would be a mistake to miss the American way of resisting foreign invasion!!!"
76561198001408422,Not Recommended,223100,24732285,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,streetylite,Just stinks
76561198123258008,Not Recommended,223100,26056785,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,marijan773,"Oh God, I shoulda just listened to the negative reviews! So should you!!!!! Go and buy a positively rated indie game for a few bucks instead of this!This game, it's like torture and I should mention that I bought it when it was 40% off, it's some sort of purgatory, the more you play the more you descend into madness. T-the graphics, the story, the controls the blatant copying of Far Cry 3,4 and Primal, the voice ""ACTING"", the ♥♥♥♥ing voice acting!!!!To the developers I gift this super dank meme: ""I'm Michael Jordan, STOP IT, get some help.""And to you dear reader I give my rating of a: Would rather just replay MGSV than this♥♥♥♥♥♥10But for real this ""game"" is like the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ cousin of Ride to Hell Retribution.4/10 - ""All you had to do was follow the moonrail Brady!"""
76561197977267103,Recommended,223100,28997395,Posted: 3 January,all,Conspiracy Theory,"Background.First; to those who think that `N. Korea` is the foreign power taking over the USA in the game, it seems its actually a thinly-veiled reference to China. And you know (roughly) how many soldiers they have (and their future plans for Australia/NZ and the USA [etc...] especially if the US will not pay them back for 25 years of loans [actually, NZ will probably to to Russia (but Russia will be dealing with Europes political/Military punks as that gets crushed via the effects of the 1952 Rabbi Rabinovich plan)])?Something I commented about some 10+ years ago...Anyway, the game scenario seems set after the Kissinger`ites `whack` Trump like JFK got whacked, and this time it will bust the US and `it` will go down, maybe something like this game; Probably.Review.Anyway, this game is a mixed bag of somewhere between `Half-life` and `The Division`: and for the price I got it for here, it was a bit of a bargain.Conclusion.I waited for issues to be fixed before buying, and many seem to have been sorted; and there has been a lot of improvement since I tried the Demo, ...... but the devs could do with a `gesture` for your character, to make a few intellectually misfiring robotic helpers get out of your way.. No biggie, as `dismissing` them, makes them move usually.All in all, worth my getting in the sale.It is what it is; a game."
,Recommended,223100,23092675,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Hedgehogartist,"Korean war, part two, this time merica is the guerillas."
,Not Recommended,223100,31638500,Posted: 8 May,all,×Bardia,Good Graphic / bull sheet GamePlay+ Coop Closed In iran ! rly ? why ? : ))
76561198044523128,Not Recommended,223100,24330428,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,FakeFireman,lots of bugs
76561198091588245,Recommended,223100,30361437,Posted: 6 March,all,MakMoon,Its not great but for 10 bucks its pretty good
,Not Recommended,223100,30397029,Posted: 8 March,all,Mercifultester,The game was unplayable for me no matter how low i set the graphics. It's not that it runs slown it's just that the game only plays in blackness. I con't see anything unless I am real close to the object.
,Recommended,223100,23146728,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Profzoig,"The games missions may not be the best, but the general gameplay and free-roam possibilities, as well as the gunplay, customization and world progression area really keeping me hooked on playing.Short Version:Pros -Graphics are amazing.Free Roam is excellent.Gunplay and customization is very good.Variety of things to do in the world keeps things interesting.Cons -AI could be improved.There are *some* bugs.Aim Tracking seems a bit off.In Game cutscenes aren't the best.Story isn't very deep or interesting.All in all, I'm really enjoying playing. I'm 8.3 hours in, and I intend to play a great deal more. I have more fun in the freeroam than doing the campaign missions, and this will most likely be where I put most of my time in the game.In depth:Pros --Graphics are amazing, providing your PC can handle them. I know there have been some issues with performance, but so far I haven't encountered many issues.-Free Roam World is excellent in my opinion. There's always something going on. The patrols are well placed. Red Zones are hectic and war like, with yellow zone activity being more based on stealth. The balance of human enemies and drones is well handled, with the enemies managing to be challening without being unfair.-Gunplay and customization is very good. I've had a whole lot of fun with the feel of the guns and the customization, and the progression of these systems is well handled with points being unlocked for completing actions in the world. The attachment and conversion system is very interesting, and allows you to have a large amount of tactical options available whilst only carrying 2 primary weapons and a pistol. Recoil feels good and is countered by the grip and sight attachments, as well as the weapon upgrade system.-Variety of things to do in the world keeps things interesting. There are plenty of mini objectives to complete in the world. From doing side missions such as taking down patrols and photographing enemy agents and drones, to capturing bases, destroying strongholds and saving the people from enemies.Cons --AI could be improved. Sometimes I do find that the AI aren't very smart. There can sometimes be no reason behind when they hide, and when they push up and attack. Whilst this keeps the AI unpredictable and interesting to play against, it can lead to them making some stupid moves, such as running up a staircase in a line to be killed one by one. I haven't had much of a problem with bad AI, but it is noticable.-There are *some* bugs. I haven't encountered many graphical or game breaking bugs, but I have noticed some. The ""free running"" movement system sometimes seems strange. Some times you may grab ledges, and sometimes your character may miss them completely leading to you falling to the ground hurting yourself. This can sometimes be annoying, but isn't game breaking. The majority of bugs I have encountered are audio bugs, with some non-major audio such as music and background effects muting themselves during cutscenes, however they soon return and haven't had too much of an effect on gameplay.-Aim Tracking seems a bit off. You can easily tell this game was made for consoles first and foremost. You can't rebind some keybinds, such as holstering your weapon, which is essential in blending in and is stuck bound to the '0' key. Aim assist starts on by default, and leaves the mouse feeling sluggish, and is best turned off. Also sometimes you can take shots with your weapon that very clearly hit, but will not register. It's unknown why this occurs but it's noticable with most weapons. Whilst this only happens rarely, you don't want to be shooting a rocket launcher at a truck, only to have the hit not register and you die because of this bug.-In Game cutscenes aren't the best. The models can sometimes seem desynced and animations aren't the cleanest for a cryengine game. However, this can be ignored and doesn't take away from either the story or the gameplay. Overall I don't really count this as a drawback, as I'm more interested in the free-roam gameplay than the story, but if you are majorly into your storytelling, this may annoy you.-Story isn't very deep or interesting. Whilst the game takes some time to put a gun in your hands, which feels quite nice and well paced, you spend most of the start of the game with people talking down to you like a baby in a pram, whilst your silent protagonist lets himself walk into strange situations that don't seem to really progress the story. For example *spoilers*, your taken hostage by your own people, and have to sit through a cutscene for about 5 minutes that doesn't really add anything. One word from your character would skip it, but instead you have to sit through bad animation and pointless storytelling for the sake of it. Whilst only a minor issue, I still found this annoying."
,Recommended,223100,23123639,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Kappatain_Kitty,"Homefront: The Revolution is a good game. It does not reinvent the genre, it does not blow you away with new, innovative features. It handily delivers you a perfectly average shooter. I personally have not experienced any performance issues (GTX970, i7-4790k on high settings) but I understand that lower performance rigs may have issues. Probably not worth $60 but definitely pick it up when its on sale."
76561197963298686,Recommended,223100,23121855,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Shadow75,"This is my review for Homefront: The Revolution - 2016I would like to first say that I like this game alot however it's not the best game in the world. Homefront The Revolution brings a new first person shooter as you play as a resistance fighter, fighting the North Koreans as they have occupied the United States and basiclly you need to start a ""revolution"" to take back your country.What's the gameplay like?:-I will be honest, it's very similer to Farcry 3 and 4. The gameplay is so much similer to it because the HUD setup is the same and the ""roleplaying"" elements are similer to Farcry. You do need to earn money by doing jobs in the game to buy new weapons and upgrades. I mean I am not bothered with the gameplay much myself but at least it's something I am very familer with and others to.What's the story like?:-I will be honest, some people are right. The story is quite Mediocre (mixed) to people and I will agree. It's not really powerful but it does have it's intense moments in the game. The stroy in this game feels it's like a action-packed movie. I mean some of the characters are really good in it but it's not enough background story.What are the graphics like?:-The graphics are just the same as Farcry and other games abit. I have heard that people have had problems with the graphics and Fraps but to be honest with you I get some of those's issues that it does tend to go ""slow"" but it does speed itself up. The graphics however like fire's blazing, explosions and world detail and the atmosphere are really good.What other features are in the game?:-I will be honest but there really isn't any other features much but the massive differences is from the first game is that this game is open-world. Another feauture you can do is indeed recruit resistance fighters to help you out on strongholds, police stations etc occupied by the Koreans but other then that there's no new features compared to other games. Not from what i've seen anyways.How does this tie in to the first game?:-I haven't really played much of the game but all I know is that this game does indeed tie into the first game but the only difference is that Homefront 2 is set in an alternative reality which means some of the events from the first game doesn't really exist anymore.Final ratings:-From my personal view. The game receives a favorable view from me. I will praise the visual effects, combat and the open-world features. however I am criticsizing the lack of story/backstoryRating:- 7.1/10"
,Not Recommended,223100,23568650,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Nox,"I bought it, played it to completion and I would say that it was mediocre in most every aspect.The modular weapon system is annoying more than anything and baffling in some of the constraints (I can't have a grenade launcher and a marksmans' rifle at the same time what?)Enemies randomly and infinitely respawning is really annoying - especially when they respawn right next to you or in a place they couldn't have gotten to (because you were in the way of the only entrance, for example)While it might in theory be possible to evade line of sight of enemies and play cleverly, the placement of enemies on maps makes this improbable as there are groups of 2-4 enemies placed every 30-40 feet in some areas which means that any direction the player moves will result in detection by a new enemy.Vehicles feel clumsy (with mouse and keyboard, anyhow).One of the biggest annoyances in the game was that later on, my cooperative teammates were usless - they couldn't keep up with me and the lethal situations I had to bypass they would just run into and immediately die.One or two of the missions are poorly done and extremely frustrating.  In one mission you have to stay close to a vehicle that drives out of the area while being quickly destroyed by rockets.  There are absurd numbers of other enemies around and if you happen to become their target you will quickly die.The story is baffling, too.  In the end you're left with no real feeling of victory and no reasonable expectation that the limited success you've attained you could hold.The story is less open world than semilinear narrative, and in some places very narrative.I can't recommend it for the price that it is listed at.  This is a 30 dollar game, in all fairness.MULTIPLAYERI have not been able to join a multiplayer game.  I don't know if they are working, or how they work but I've never been able to join one and never had anyone join mine when I waited."
76561198043139598,Not Recommended,223100,23041798,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Miwicle Wip,I only played 30min of the game. 10 min of trying to get the setting right so it wasnt a laggy piece of crap. and even after i lowered them to the bare minumum to run the game (my computer meets the system requirements for this game). ♥♥♥♥♥♥ port. not wasting my time unless they patch it to run better. at this point. dont waste your time.
76561198119586358,Not Recommended,223100,31029228,Posted: 8 April,all,jakethebandit,BLEH
76561198086681494,Recommended,223100,31672962,Posted: 10 May,all,Likeaspy,ok just want to say this game looks badass but it does not work on my computer  :( :( :(
,Not Recommended,223100,31051286,Posted: 9 April,all,RainMain,"This game is too hard for your average gamer. It's like a book. It's great on paper but making a movie/game out of it is hard to execute, and this game's execution of it's goals and display settings is great but it's just very hard."
76561198277161055,Not Recommended,223100,31759250,Posted: 14 May,all,Dr. Jan Itor,Eh
,Not Recommended,223100,30411972,Posted: 9 March,all,Lil Dicky,It's an okay open world shooter....Very simalar to likes of Far Cry. Just Bland
76561198032043102,Not Recommended,223100,24279207,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,westcot86,this is the politically correct way to make a game about the second american revolution.........
76561197996548738,Recommended,223100,23103508,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,SPOOKY,its okay .. feels like farcry but in the city with norksnot the best game but not that bad
,Recommended,223100,23105202,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,=2G= Rahbaek™ [clan-2g.dk],there has been many complaints about this game.. but i cant seem too see why.. yes there are a few glitches here and there but nothing bad.. game is funny as hell.. awsome figthing at night when your resistant people are figthing kpa looks awsome... i will give it an 8/10 and say go for it guys.. well spent money i say..
76561197970837684,Recommended,223100,23143544,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,3DShadow,"Well as a person who doesn’t listen to the reviews. I thought I would give this ago as I played the first one. now, I have seen the reviews for this game by the way before a got the game for interest only. I started playing it and as I had played the first game I knew the background story which is shown at the start of this game as a overview, this game has imperfections but before I knew it I had played hours I was enjoying a real nice feel that you are the homefront and that at any point it could collapse for your foes have the upper hand at all times. I am a big Crysis fan so as the UI works the same it has some feel of that game but as it's own game it's fun which is why I play games. So out of 10 I give it as for the game 7 out 10, the personal enjoyment I'm getting out of the game 9 out of 10."
,Recommended,223100,23103194,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,X_Pilot,"Why do I recommend this game?Because it is honestly quite good. There is the issue of optimization, but that will soon be fixed and even with today's patch my FPS has increased. The game is really fun in my opinion and I only thought I'd play a short moment and then turn it off for the day, but then 2 hours later I was like ""Oh, uuppss!!"" and decided it'd be best to continue playing for a bit longer.I have myself feeling like I do not want to stop playing the game as it is just very fun for me. The singleplayer is solid and feels very fun and for me the FPS does not destroy my fun-factor.The game does not deserve all of the hate it has been given and the ""Mixed"" reviews is simply because of the optimization (which is going to be fixed)."
,Recommended,223100,30418480,Posted: 9 March,all,ClamJouster,"I picked up Homefront: The Revolution in a Steam sale, and as big fan of the strategy genre, I've been keen to play and review it for some time.Fiirst impressions were actually rather worrying, as it seemed nigh on identical to Civilisation IVMenu, checkAutosaves, checkChoose a faction to take on the world, check (albeit Homefront currently contains only America as a playable faction)Needless to say, it was with shattered enthusiasm that I started my first playthrough, as the Americans. I'll confess, it was a good ten minutes into the game before I realised that perhaps there was a little more to this than I first thought. For one thing, rather than turns being one at a time, players take their turns synchronously, in one long continuous go.If that was a surprise, ten minutes later another little nuance blew my mind - whereas Civ IV presents the meat of it's gameplay as a turn based, city building, world dominating strategy game, Homefront somewhat eschews this in favour of visceral FPS action. Suddenly the blurred line between the two titles was a little more distinct and after some time it did actually feel like a different game.So yes, while it does borrow heavily from the Civ franchise, if you enjoy those, you'll probably like this too."
76561198132510643,Recommended,223100,30450030,Posted: 11 March,all,eclipse™,not bad ! haha
,Recommended,223100,23099544,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Your Dad,"This game is a pretty solid title.(No spoilers)Story:The story is great, it takes a different route from the original Homefront but it works. In this Homefront, NK is the most technologically advanced country in the world. We bought everything from phones to guns from them, but we did it with credit. Korea shuts everything off and forces us to pay our debt off with our country. You're part of the rebellion in Philidelphia, slowly becoming a hero while just trying to find an important man.Action:The action gets a little repetative too quickly. I am a very creative person, especially while killing faceless NPC's. Either you molotov a patrol and drop the stragglers or you die... The APC's are stupid, three pipe bombs underneath it won't blow it up, but shooting it's gas tank once with a pistol will catch the whole thing on fire... Hacking anything besides doors is a joke. Drones stay hacked for 4 seconds, I only know that because I timed it. The weapon customization is the only thing holding the combat together, and that is saying a lot.Multiplayer(Or the Co-op crapfest):If you don't have a friend or two, good luck. The co-op is actually pretty decent mechanically. A good character customization menu, where items look good cosmetically and are still useful. The community is the biggest killer. It is still early though, so when it goes on sale hopefully the community will broaden.Graphics:The game is stunning, I run on high and get 60 fps without a single drop. It is very beautiful, even the reflection of a building on your gun will have you going ""Wow"" like Eddy Wall. If you love clean,yet dirty graphics. This is a game for you."
,Not Recommended,223100,23049300,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,InstantAce™,"DO NOT BUY UNTILL YOU DO YOUR RESEARCHThis game is not a continuation of the original Homefront or related to the original Homefront in any way except for the KPA is occupying America. Where the original Homefront had plenty of convincing backstory, dynamic buildup and lore, this game has nothing but a cheesy excuse for what is going on that seems rushed and under planed.While I admit the process of co-op character creation made me give up all hope and thus I didn't actually play co-op, but based on what I have seen, the original Homefront had a creative and unique multiplayer on par with battlefield with large maps a variety of weapons perks and vehicles. On Homefront the revolution you run around in large empty maps with three other players playing against bots. The multiplayer is lazy and shows a lack of enthusiasm.This game is a game designed just for profit as seen by the optimization for counsel and udder disregard for PC gamers (not saying PC gamers deserve the best, but if the game would have been designed for the gamers they would have optimized the game for all platforms not just the more profitable ones) the frame rates are crap and the game devours resources.This game is a cheap rip-off of the original and stands to solid the Homefront franchise and degrade it to the levels of a Call of Duty sequel. I do not recommend this game to anyone and feel sorry to anyone who has played over two hours and can no longer refund the game.I am embarrassed to say I owned this game."
,Not Recommended,223100,23049739,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Fat Frost,"Open world sand box fighting an oppresive futuristic enemy army on home turf, epic guerilla battles, tactical ambush points hitting the enemy soft spots in all out fire fights, sounds good right? Well some how it only comes across in bits and pieces with this game everything feels a bit slapped together part c fits in slot b game mechanics from the brief ammount of time I had with it this was the overwhelming impression I picked up. There is so much potential for fans of far cry style open world games you will constantly see something that piques your interest, that can grind out of you ""just one more base"" but it never seems to go beyond the surface jenky gunplay and impossible to control movement constantly pull you out of the game. (you aim like a coked up orangutan, and move around the map like a coked up ice hockey player on jet skates.) that you will always have to goad your self to satiate that urge for just one more. The straw that broke the camels back for me wasd the co-op open world destruction with a friend? sign me right the ♥♥♥♥ up, what you get instead is four player objectives carried out by a bland ""multiplayer"" avatar. Please deep silver I ♥♥♥♥ing love you guys do better for us Please you are capable we all know it thats why the hype was real for so many for this game even with next to no advertising (atleast on my end I saw next to nothing until a week before release.)tl;drjenky gunplay and movement[*♥♥♥♥♥♥loads of I want just one more ""x""Not good enough yetwait for a sale or if you got 60 bucks try it and wait for deep silver to come out with something spectacular"
76561197994589141,Not Recommended,223100,23062462,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Skinless,"In short this game is dull, boring, uninteresting and not fun to play. Im not sure how you ♥♥♥♥ up the premise of being an underground freedom fighter taking back your city using makeshift tools, and inciting riots.....and somehow turn that into one of the least fun most boring games in existance. Skip this game unless you can get it at a heavy discount."
76561197966167786,Recommended,223100,23049782,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,eyehate,Dead Island with better voice acting. Zombies have been replaced by Koreans.So far so good.
76561198008343646,Recommended,223100,23054834,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Sterling Archer,"Good Game, Runs Smooth as Butter on my System.  84 fps to 144.I like the customization on the fly so to speak, attachments.reminds me of farcry 4 mechanics with Dying Light graphics, environment.no consequence for accidentally shooting one of your team mate in Story mode is good I guess. just incase you run out of ammo LOL."
76561198088366346,Recommended,223100,23057153,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,R3APER_GP,"Well I feel I must explain, there is alot of bad reviews and mixed reviews on this game, but it isn't from the gameplay it all has to do with the optimization, This is what I have to say "" The game looks beautiful, voice acting is awesome, cutscenes are awesome, having the option of going stealth or guns a blazin is a nice touch. I have played just over  2 hours now and I can see that it might get a little repetitive but what quest based rpg's don't at some point. I think the bike is a little hard to drive with mouse and keyboard, but pirfect with controler, there is a lot of moments that make you feel like a bad♥♥♥♥♥ so I would rate this (10/10 would kill NORKS again), lol no I would give it an 8/10 though. Keep in mind this is a mostly single player experience, and has co-op play as well but I haven't tried that out, there is no competitive mp. as far as performance goes,Specs:i7 4790k OC 4.7GHZ16gb ddr3 ram 1600mhzGTX 780 reference card Stock clockI have all settings on very high except texture quality is at High, anti aliasing is off, and anisotropic filtering is at x8, runing 1080p of course, and super sampling is disabled as well, and I am getting 60 fps out of combat and about 45 in combat. It plays smooth and only have a couple of frame drops when switching between scenes that dip to like 15 fps for a breif second. So I don't know how everyone else with 980 ti's are experiencing worse fps than me. but great experience for me. also guys remember it just came out so it will take a little time to be optimized better but I have hope but for me runs great."
76561198103941845,Not Recommended,223100,23047977,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,ImWhiteDynamite,"The game is broken, its completely unplayable for me. On the first mission you have to cut through a fence with bolt cutters and then pick up a brick and throw it through a window and climb up and through the window, well when I pick up the brick Im unable to throw it at all.It says press Right Trigger to throw but it doesnt work on my controller (I tried for 10 minutes to no avail), so I switched my control scheme to mouse and keyboard and had the same problem. Once I pickl up the brick Im unable to do anything else with it besides set it down. Restarted the game and the problem persists. I will be asking for a refund I guess, I dont know what else to do. Its a shame too, the game looked beautiful up until it broke. What a waste, the devs ship[ped out an unfinished product. Im disappointed in Deep Silver, Metro 2033 and Last Light are 2 of my favorite games of all time. STAY AWAY FROM THIS GAME UNTIL THEYVE WORKED OUT THE BUGS AND PATCHED THE HELL OUT OF IT!"
,Not Recommended,223100,23090677,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Face,"Good luck trying to customize your controls, cause if you do those keys will bind however some keys (like the middle mouse button and v) have secondary uses so you cant use these. Funnily enough it gives you the option turn of toggle ads but no option to toggle crouch or sprint so yeah have fun. because its default is toggle and i ♥♥♥♥ing hate toggle run and crouch, i know that's my preferance but it's two thousand and ♥♥♥♥ing sixteen and every game should give you the option to either toggle or hold.Also: The game is a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ stealth is an option but it is impossible to accomplish because enemies are at every single turn and very weirdly placed, for example: i tried sneaking into an enemy base and halfway through a bunch of my own guys spawned INSIDE the base and i literally saw them spawn on the minimap, compeltly ♥♥♥♥ing that up. The game also feels very ""far cry""  ish. Oh and don't forget the magical blimp that spawns enemies ""immersevly"" 10m's away. And i feel like there is some hidden mouse acceleration or smoothing going on which always annoys the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me. You don't even get to shoot anyone until about 30mins in. this especially looks bad comapared to doom, wherein it took a total of 15 seconds. i mean i know its got a story but for ♥♥♥♥ sake at least but a little something to whet my appetite.Overall i would NOT recommend this game. Wait for a sale and wait until its fixed cause it feels like a total cash-in. The graphics are all right and it worked pretty well on my gtx 970 but yeah thats about the only positive..."
76561197964626206,Recommended,223100,23127118,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Transientmind,"A surprisingly good game.I've seen a lot of complaints about poor optimization and bugs, so I'm going to assume it got some patches before I started playing, or my GTX 970 was simply able to grunt its way through all the performance issues.  I didn't notice any graphical problems.  The only bugs I encountered were a moment of dodgy clipping, but otherwise I've spent probably a good dozen hours in this without issues.The game itself?  It's like an urban Far Cry game done right.The mobility is a little restricted compared to other FC games (your vehicle options consist exclusively of a dirt-bike, there is no wingsuiting or parachuting or zip-lining/grappling), but the storytelling*is on point and is done with more consistency, depth, persistence and detail than the FC games.  The same holds true of nearly every mechanic they've cared to explore.Weapon upgrades are varied, relatively-easily acquired, and plentiful enough that you don't acquire them all in the first hour.  Gear upgrades (for increased stealth, movement speed, etc) are similar.Standard UbisoftGame(tm) 'collectible for the sake of collectible' fare is kept to a minimum, too.  Nearly everything you scout out and obtain has a purpose.Taking strongholds has a real noticable effect on the surrounding environments, and sometimes comes with believable, understandable requirements that make sense and change it up.  The free-for-all shoot on sight red zones are basically discrete maps taking place in bombed-out industrial areas, and the residential centres ('yellow zones') involve a more visible and more involved civilian population with a heavier peace-keeper presence, and your guerrilla terrorist actions can really visibly change the entire mood and theme of these zones in subtle stages that are very impressive.Standard stuff: Pros are gorgeous graphics, rich detail to the environments, solid mechanics, great pacing and difficulty. Cons are some janky UI quirks, eye-rollingly jingoistic story that hasn't done anything unpredictable yet, and rumours of bugs and performance issues that I personally haven't seen yet, so they're hard to take seriously.Overall, it's a net win.  I'm really enjoying this game.*And while it's better told than most video games, holy♥♥♥♥♥♥it's a TERRIBLE story full of foul, unjustified nationalistic jingoism - because MURRICA! - without any signs of self-awareness... maybe it's too subtle for me, but I'm not sure if the developers are actually intending for players to realize that they're playing the bad guys.  The plot revolves around a technologically-advanced and politically-savvy North Korean conquering the world's economy through technological superiority. America's disastrous foreign and domestic policies see it fighting wars in the middle east and other places it shouldn't be, having it bite them in the♥♥♥♥♥with massive losses thanks to terrorists/rogue states finally getting access to a nuke, while domestically its indulgent citizens grow used to lives of luxury they don't deserve thanks to it being primarily founded on loans from other countries they have no intention of paying back.  When overreach goes too far and the US collapses in on itself due to gross mismanagement, there is rioting, rampant unemployment and crime,  and gross inequality to the point that people are starving.  When it all gets too much and the US government tells Korea (its primary creditor at this stage) that it intends to default on its MASSIVE debts, the Koreans decide that's not acceptable, and they will manage the poorly-managed country for themselves, and extract natural resources from the land to make up for the staggering US debt.  ""Who's going to make us?"" the US cries, and the Koreans reply, ""We will,"" by disabling via back-doors (eyeroll) in the advanced military tech the US bought (but - and this is important - didn't actually PAY for; see above) from Korea.  Cue a process of humanitarian aid for a nation that needed it, accompanied by an occupation which is benevolent to those who embrace it, and harsh on the terrorists who murder the occupiers. Go figure. If I was on a peacekeeping mission to provide aid and support to a nation that needed it and the generosity was repaid by watching the natives murder my brothers, I'd be a lot saltier about it than the Koreans are in this.  There's really no question about it, from the premise.  American Freedom Fighters are the bad guys. This point is really rammed home when the first people you meet after the intro are a couple hicks who want to kill you on the spot before they even ask any questions about why a fellow American is in Resistance tunnels, and who think an appropriate method for delivery to HQ is via concussion.  Delivery to an ex-con psychopath who holds high rank, and whose primary form of intelligence-gathering is 'torture first, ask questions later - basic questions such as, 'are you part of the resistance and do you have any proof or can anyone in our organization verify this'?  Which is exactly what happens when a non-psychopath steps in and takes your ID card and verifies it.  All while you sit there with a concussion that a medical professional expresses concern about, but whose concerns are dismissed by everyone except the patient.  These are horrible, horrible people, to a man.  Even the most inoffensive of these jingoistic cliches tries to rally their terrorist friends by noting that while the NK peace-keepers may be better fed, better trained, have better weapons and armour, better vehicles, better drones, better equipment, better support, better comms networks, somehow every US terrorist is worth ten NK's... because Americans are naturally superior.  (Despite getting their asses handed to them so badly that they actually 'lost their country'.) Yeah.  It's Manifest Destiny In the Face Of Evidence.  It's pretty telling how every time you over-take a stronghold, it goes from slick, pristine, well-mainted order to a graffiti-tagged, junk-filled hell-hole.  'You Can't Tell Me To Clean Up My Room You're Not My Real Dad', the game.  So the story conceit is crap and you play a bad guy, working with a bunch of other unlikeable bad guys, but are supposed to root for them because... otherwise there wouldn't be much of a game.  Ugh."
76561197975217971,Recommended,223100,23129476,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,wolford171,"It's deffintly fun, at first. Starts out great but gets boring the more you get good at it. For example, all the vehicles have a big yellow spot that you can basically shoot with a pistol and blow them up..., and its trival to get away from the soldiers when they give up 30 seconds after you execute an official and the platoon that was guarding him. It pretty much starts out with an immersive gureilla fighter feel, but before long your wasting everything like any other shooter.All that said though, it was a blast for about 10 hours before I started getting bored. I'd say its almost worth full price and for sure worth a buy on sale."
,Recommended,223100,30383191,Posted: 7 March,all,Dr. Mantis Toboggan,"who cares how♥♥♥♥♥♥the game is, it's on sale with season pass included for $12"
76561198094332024,Not Recommended,223100,23046315,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,mookypants17,"In my personal opinion this game is horrible...It feels like its trying to be like metro last light and dying light... the gameplay dosent feel right, Im runinng two gtx970s and i74790k cpu so i get 60 fps at 1080 no problems but when you look at the characters you can see that there feet arent touching the ground, they walk like there two different body sets like the top half and bottom half.... I will say you wanna see something really funny and wierd just look and the faces of everybody and how the expressions change and glitch just ahhh man this game is so bad"
76561198140036462,Not Recommended,223100,23045725,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Superdud100,The story sucks and the words aren't with the mouths of the characters. I preordered the game and now im getting a refund. :)
,Recommended,223100,23080801,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Chantion,"It's pretty okay.+7 hours soon to be more, dunno why there is a big fuss."
76561198068084446,Recommended,223100,23134196,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,neo222,The game great..but no without its bugs..the game is not as bad as ACOM and Duke Nukem was....not sure whats with so much of negative reviews floating..i find no FPS drops...http://images.akamai.steamusercontent.com/ugc/278473670207782226/B2EE1F84D7A18595284E5774A4EEA2DD9A873523/
76561197985165376,Recommended,223100,23059887,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,THANE15,"I dont usually write reviews, but just wanted to say it runs perfectly fine on my rig, the only time i ever get any sort of slow down is right after I open the store page or capture a point. This doesnt effect the game play at all so it doesnt bother me. Just wanted to put my two cents in here because I want people to know it does run fine on some rigs without a bunch of glitches.  Ive enjoyed the five hours I have put in so far, and plan on putting alot more time in.  My recomendation would be to buy it, and if it runs fine on your rig great, if not return it.  But its definitly worth giving it a shot."
76561198140597263,Not Recommended,223100,23041844,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,jt.money13,The Game is Bugged bad can't even get passed the first mission you jump on the van go to jump through the window and you cant it is like you get stuck in the wall such a huge disapointment.
,Not Recommended,223100,23047601,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Messiah Complex,"Decision time: play a bit more to see if things get better, or stop playing so my refund window doesn't close. Easy decision. Only took an hour.Given that a large chunk (or maybe all - idk) of the first hour of the single player game mostly consists of cutscene-likethings, I jumped into the co-op mode with two friends. That's what I bought the game for anyway. We were treated to downgraded visuals, silly clipping issues, and absurd NPC behavior (call it Artificial Unintelligence). It was not fun, not even in the ironic sense where bad game design can be unintentionally hilarious. It just sucked - in an entirely bland and tedious way.Homefront: the Revolution isn't ready. For anything. It's the Aliens: Colonial Marines of 2016. In honor of the 16th anniversary of Old Man Murray's ""Time-to-Crate"" review system, I'll grade HtR on a scale of ""Time-to-Refund,"" and give it a score of 20 minutes (the time I spent in the co-op). I think that's like a 17 out of a possible 100, if 100 represents the two-hour refund window, or something. Who cares.Save your 60 bucks for something else, like a vacation to Detroit. I hear it's nice this time of year."
76561198089646748,Not Recommended,223100,23042419,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Breadbug,STAY FAR AWAY FROM THIS.
,Not Recommended,223100,23143453,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Blacjac,♥♥♥♥ you
,Recommended,223100,23044888,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Zhanmadao,"So After playing abit of the optimizations patches and being able to play the game the way the game was intended to be played,It's not badDoes it feel as polished and as fluid as a AAA game? No it doesn't but for the 40# price tag for someone who likes to play open world shooters it's fun.On that note the game is relatively slow paced at many moments and faster in others,and while the combat feels abit over bearing at times its easily passable even on the hardest difficult.I haven't even tried Co-Op due to the fact it's not open world,But overall its a breath of fresh air from what shooters are becoming.And while I do like this game most people don't and it's a shame it was released in such a bad state and got such a bad rep from that because if you actually play the game you would see it is a decent gameOverall i rate it a 7/10 due to some serious bugs and issues I've encountered with accidental wall breaches and sequence breaking with the story line"
76561198012036936,Recommended,223100,23044487,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Necrozis,"First off  I am on a AMD FX 8350 eight core 16G of ram with a nvidia 970  and i run windows 7..  Game runs great for me  I dont understand why all the negative posts and reviews.   When i check most of the negative posters dont even have the game and they couldnt have gotten a refund that fast to have it removed from thier account.  So  why the hate?Anyway cut scenes were good,  voice acting decent.  Graphics decent   Gameplay is very similar to Dying Light with all the climbing and such.  Neat traps all over the place for you to use just like dying light and loot is all over.Fun game I just getting into the campaign , have not tried multiplayer yet but thats soon"
,Not Recommended,223100,31734120,Posted: 13 May,all,Satan,Bad
,Not Recommended,223100,24007228,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,rosbet*,NYESEL MELI ANYINK !
,Recommended,223100,23148624,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Betty Spaghetti,"TL;DRThis is an OK game. You would think that mixing Crysis2 and Farcry3/4 would give you something stellar, but the game is held back by technical aspects. I am think that if the game gets some patch love this game would be worth 60 bucks. At launch though its worth 40 bucks IMO. 15 hours if joe blow plays, maybe 25 if you 100%. No NG+. Farcry3/4 with a ""face lift"" and no fetch quests.I have two 780's, this game doesn't run SLI. This seems to be par for the course however, SLI support has sucked for the past year. I have to run this game at low settings to get this to run at 60fps on my 2560x1080 monitor. This game runs like cold molasses, uphill, in january, on pluto. When I did have my settings jack way up the game did look fairly nice, but it seems like you need a 9xx or R9 3xx card in order to play it like that. There was also quite a bit of popin when I was playing, I'd like to say thats due to my low settings, but this being a console port leaves me wondering.I have heard that there are a number of glitches, I encountered maybe 2 that required a ""restart from checkpoint"" both were doors not opening. All the other glitches I saw were few and far inbetween, and also resulted in a chuckle. Nothing game breaking was encountered but buyer beware, others have had issues.""Trigger warning: I played ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ easy mode""Gunplay is fairly diverse and enjoyable. There is a usable cover fire system, but it only allows fire from chest high walls, no corner shooting. I found myself switching between the whole selection of guns though my game. Though there are only 6 guns, they have 3 modes. Meaning you are always equiped for any situation. Some modes are worth more than others however, battle rifle outclasses the sniper, auto/pump shotties are better than blunderbuss, etc. I found myself using all of them at least once however. The upgrade system leaves something to be desired however. After beating the game I had only upgraded 6 of my 18 guns. This can be done if you play this game like a Just Cause achievement hunter, but joe blow will likely upgrade the 4 modes he likes the most and get the the end before other upgrades happen. Gun attachments feel like crysis, so theres that. Also, not taking guns from the baddies.Stealth. Its in the game? Don't get seen, use suppressor(pistol only)/crossbow, get lucky and kill the guy shooting at you without tripping the alarm, hide like its asscreed. The game tries to come down like a ton of bricks if you are seen, but the generous hiding spots negate this quickly. Honestly if you want Stealth play the riddick games. This has servicable stealth.I got into multiplayer once, it seems to be CO-OP only and my game musta had a 700 ping. Good concept though, lets hope there are players for lobbies, as you need 2 to start.Over all, ignoring my having to play at low settings its a good game. 60 bucks? ehhhh, if you and a few buddies like to play online sure. Campaign is 30-40 bucks, none of the characters are noteworthy or memorable. The worst one does kill themself so thats a plus, even if it is in the name of freedom."
,Recommended,223100,23062356,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,wookiee,Very Good
76561198001829088,Recommended,223100,23047761,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,deltaone,"If you like Farcry, you will like this."
,Not Recommended,223100,23336607,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,King of archers,worst game i have ever played
,Not Recommended,223100,23041572,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,⎛⎝Vain⎠⎞,You get to kill norks and throw phones 10/10edit:Thats about all I can do please fix this game 1/10
,Recommended,223100,23095333,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,pablo,Since eurogamer thinks that norks is a racial slur im going to have to give this game a positive rating...♥♥♥♥ing eurogamer
,Recommended,223100,23193726,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,zxj4k3xz,"Overall, I give the game a 7/10The game is very fun. Shooting, especially, feels very good. On normal difficulty, the game is decently difficult, but not overly so. You take a lot of damage when you get hit, but enemies are fairly inaccurate. You only regenerate a small amount of health quickly, the rest regenerates very slowly. Medkits are pretty rare and take a bit of rationing. This makes engaging enemies dangerous if they aren't taken out quickly. Stealth is possible, but pretty hard. Gunshots are loud, so using an unsuppressed weapon (Assault rifle, shotgun and battle rifle) alerts enemies far away. The SMG and Pistol with suppressors are very weak, and won't one-shot most enemies, even with headshots, so you'll have to shoot enemies quickly to stop them from alerting nearby enemies. They can also sometimes see you through walls, which is annoying.Performance isn't as bad as I expected after reading a lot of reviews. With a GTX970, i5-4460 and 8gb RAM I'm getting solid 60fps at medium settings."
76561197984407091,Recommended,223100,23044694,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,jaldaan01,Im not having any issues. love the game sofar
76561198065634735,Not Recommended,223100,29530397,Posted: 27 January,all,Cap'n Ducky,This game is just horrible...
,Recommended,223100,23254801,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,DarkMyth,It's a good game with a few glitches and framrate issues that will hopefully be addressed soon.  My only complaint is that the game seems a little short for my liking and I wish it's main story was longer and I did all of the optional objectives as well and I still feel this way.
76561198178158031,Recommended,223100,23255767,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Chris,"AI isn't the greatest, but its a fun game."
76561198274486255,Not Recommended,223100,31757599,Posted: 14 May,all,starmaan15,Garbage
,Not Recommended,223100,31671615,Posted: 10 May,all,SickLilSlug,Figured this game would be worth it for 10 dollars even with the mixed reviews it has...I WAS WRONG! Game is a nightmareish glich filled mess and I only played for less then a hour! 2/10 and that 2 is just because it has good lighting!
,Recommended,223100,23108177,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Mousse Moose,"I'm enjoying the game. i liked the first game and people knocked on the ending. hellooooooo? cliffhanger meant to spur a sequel? OH HEY LOOK THEY MADE ONE. Performance issues and Glitches? i'm sorry did you people not know this game has changed hands on 3 seperate occasions and finally landed with someone who doesn't want a cool concept of a game to die out? If one company writes a buttload of code and then another follows and then another follows and so on and so forth do you really think they're not going to miss something? i was excited for this game. but because of my prior knowledge of the last game being a bit buggy and this game changing hands so often i kept my expectations somewhat low. by doing that and not overhyping this game i have had a very surprisingly enjoyable experience. it's not ""Pre Next Gen Console"" graphics. thats such a stupid comparison. on ultra this game is beautiful. if you go into this game knowing it's more linear than it promises and less CoD-esque(it's not as run and gun as people say. exaggerations the lot of em) you'll have fun. i play on normal and the AI shotgunners FLank, the Riflemen take cover and throw grenades and the snipers snipe. Is this game close to Far Cry in the type of gameplay? sure. does it have elements from other games? absolutley. is it GOD AWFUL AND YOU SHOULD NEVER PICK THIS UP? absolutely....NOT. if you're not willing to pay the price tag then WAIT for the Price drop and bug fixes. but i'm damn well content playing this game as is. my friends and i will be playing the co-op campaigns now and as the DLC drops for more."
76561198111021264,Not Recommended,223100,34437673,Posted: 23 August,all,RevOlt13,shi*est game i ever played
,Not Recommended,223100,28737946,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,NaKuGaKa,this game is crapy optimized i am running a amd fx 8350 black edition with 20 gb of ram and a r9 380and the gpu car dis going over 90 ♥♥♥♥ing degrees with a fps lower than 20 fps in the opening cinematicoptimize this♥♥♥♥♥♥for ♥♥♥♥s sakegonna refund -_-
76561198015824481,Not Recommended,223100,35252407,Posted: 27 September,all,Absynce,this game was bad
,Not Recommended,223100,23043458,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,cradboard,Not worth $59.99
76561197999005301,Not Recommended,223100,23285562,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,Spud,"Great Refund Simulator 10/10 would refund again,"
,Recommended,223100,25465401,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Voodooman,"I dont get why it has so many negative reviews, this game has almost everything Crysis 2-3, Far Cry 3-4, Dying Light, Metro, Division, MGSV, Call of Duty, Deus Ex Human Revolution and Mankind Devided and other games like this has and in many terms this game is much better than most of what i just listed, its quite realistic and mostly immersive (execept for UI and hihghlighting that breakes immersion), it has body awareness it has cool atmosphere which reminded me surprisingly Terminator, it has Koreans just like Crysis 1, execpt no nanosuit this time, and mostly it has core mechanics from Crysis which was and still as above most of FPS games in terms of game design.Basically this is Crytek game, that was sold a little bit unfinished and was finished by Deep Silver, and i bet if name of developer was still Crytek this game would get much higher scores, and if it was A HIDEO KOJIMA GAME, everyone would give it a 10 or 20 of 10 just because of name or just because some critics said so, but in fact this game is way better than ♥♥♥♥♥♥ MGSV, yet its score is lower, how the ♥♥♥♥ is this even possible?While crytek's Crysis (and despite different name, you can pretty much consider this game a Crysis 4 without nanosuit and aliens, but with good old Koreans, it has all the *CRY DNA in it) game has some difference to Ubisofts approach to crytek's legacy Far Cry, this game is pretty much similar to recent Ubisoft CRY games, its not worse at least, and average score of Far Cry 3-4 is about 7-8 of 10, which means that if people will start judging this game with their brains and not with reflective emotion like (OMG MY GAME CRASHES! -100 of 10! Found few minor bugs, -10 of 10! Has turned everything to ultra on my 5 years old unpotimised PC and game runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥ and desptie it has one of the best graphics and despite im dumb enough to try to disable heavy settings like SSAA its -10 - 10! and more dumb negative reviewes like this) this game cant have a score bellow 7 of 10 in worst case.And i personally think it should has scores higher than MGSV, DXHR and DXMD, any Call of Duty, Crysis 2-3,  Division, and other somewhat similar open world games and should have score nearly equal to Far Cry 3-4 and Dying Light, because these 3 are the closes matches to Homefront 2 (while 1 was just a plain Call of Duty clone) and this game has mostly same gameplay features and production values and overall quallity.Yes, game is not perfect, there are some technical flaws that require extra polishing, some bad design decisions that require some changes (like ui customisation that dont break gameplay and allows to turn off more things separated to each other, fov slider that goes to at least 75, separate sliders for vertical and horisontal gamepad sensitivty, and deadzone, plus abilityu to rebind gamepad buttons freely or DECRYPTED CONFIG WITH BUTTON MAPPINGS THAT WE CAN ACTUALLY EDIT!, unlocked developer console - CryEngine Editor and workshop support for single and coop, ability to turn off highlight of interactive items, fully immersive phone mode that will show all menues in real time and in phone instead of going fullscreen, and some improvements to stealth to make it more realistic and challenging), but it does not make this game bad - it makes it not perfect, but its still good enough to enjoy its core, even if some details are flawed and frustrating,This game honestly deserves 7 of 10 at this current state, if they will fix gameplay bugs and will improve some bad design decitions or will introduce some positive changes or alternate modes for more hardcore, immersive and realistic type of players, i think this game would deserve even a 8 of 10.ALso im thankful for free weekend that allowed me to judge this game and for good discount of 40% that makes this game worth buying without regret. I can understand that at launch some people was frustrated because they paid full price and game was badly optimized and had crashes and other major bugs, but right now most critical issues are fixed and people can finally enjoy game, which is good, even despite some flaws still need to be fixed.Just dont judge this game with emotions, use your brain and look at complex gameplay system, atmosphere, imnmersion, a lot of well designed features, very good graphics, good music, simple but suitable story, which is not very important in this game since its more or less simulator of resistant movement and story here only exist to glue simulation sequences together, its should not be cinematic as much as you blockbusters like Call of Duty, real life is not that enterntaining, and this games aims to reflect real life closer than you typical blockbuster games.Oh, and it has quite intensive and enjoyable Co-op which is like stand alone game of Left 4 Dead kind, with Koreans instead of Zombies and has great replay value!"
,Not Recommended,223100,23221998,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,JokerFTW,"Gameplay is great , Graphics greatBut game is unoptimized , too much bugs and performance issues , at this state I wont recommened this"
76561198132923256,Not Recommended,223100,23045189,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,TheLukeNuke,idk how i feel about it to be honest like its nothing like the first one. its cool and all but idk its not what i was expecting. Runs great on my pc idk why people are saying it runs like garbageSystem specsi7 4790k8gb ramgtx780tisorry homefront you're not like you use to be ):
,Recommended,223100,23078138,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,CSmaniac // csgomassive.com,OMG How can i say this simple and short? one word AMAZING!
,Recommended,223100,23117206,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,[TAW] RyanTheCreator,"I feel like allot of people went into this game with preconceived ideas on how it was going to be, after reading allot of the reviews from the days after the release i could see people with not even 30 mins in the game giving it poor reviews, allouth this game isn't in the same league as wolfenstein, witcher or any of the other of the big name games that have come out in the past years it must certainly isn't a bad game,I wouldn't recommend paying full price for this game however it is a very good game to pickup on a summer/weekend sale, it is definitely worth about 20 euros."
,Not Recommended,223100,23097389,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Gunlab,"Another ""open world"" game where you have to scavenge and♥♥♥♥♥♥(i already have fallout 4,rust arma and whatever..) thought this was gonna be like the first one. But noooo. Please gamemakers dont make anymore games like this its boring. its not pew pew."
76561197972568532,Recommended,223100,23137753,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,de_flipkabouter,"Most of the early comments being so negative were unjustified, dont know what happened there.There have been ALOT of games that came out in a much worse state that didnt receive this kind of flak.That being said, it does need some polish, there are technical imperfections and all that.But they havent really bothered me in the slightest, im actually enjoying the open world vibe alot !The shooting is nice, it looks great, the vibe of revolution is there and i just like how the kpa guys look and their high tech stuff feels like a threat.UPDATE: the patch adresses non issues for me, i notice the slight stutter but i only experience them at the shops. I would much rather see some stronghold fixes, two of them are bugged out in my game and cannot be captured.The AI issues people have spammed the discussion boards with are out of proportion, yes, there is silly behaviour... propaganda trucks trying to drive up a trashpile into a wall etc, but in al honesty i have not seen this alot. Maybe it doesnt catch my attention like it did in fallout 3 and 4.Also, i am enjoying this game quite alot, the score it received is absolute nonsense. It should be around 75 imo (still not finished with it). Theres alot more to do and atmosphere than most triple A shooters, it even runs WAY (WAAAAAAAAAAAAAYYYY) better for me on high/highest settings than far cry 4 which i had to run on medium settings to be able to shoot something."
,Not Recommended,223100,23046903,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,A stoic and holy knight templar,"Imma just jump straight to pro/conPropremise is 11/10typical FPS with crafting, if you're into that (I like it)attractive atmosphere and designfun to shoot KoreansCons<60 fps constantly, a lot of the time it's <30AI is literally AIDS. Like, really awful. For being in 2016, AI should be much better.While the premise is 11/10, the delivery is heavily lacking in-gamevery repetitive, and I only played 2 hours. 2 hours of the same♥♥♥♥♥♥ while that's not much time, putting it into future perspective I don't want to have spent 70 buck to keep doing itWhen the civilians rise up it's significantly more underwhelming than it should be. No epic riots, no gang fights, just some people hitting a dumpster with a bat, some jumping up and down. and over 50% of people just walking around like nothing is going on. They don't stand and fight any KPA, they just run away, making it all seem literally pointlessOverall 4/10, not what I hoped for."
,Not Recommended,223100,23044673,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,RIGHT WING DEATH SQUADS,very sad...a beautifull game world is ruined by gameplay that feels like wading through syrup the nonsprint walk speed is similar to call of duty modern warfare when you are wandering around after the nuke goes off and you get knocked out and saved TWICE over 2 different longer then needed cutscenes  before the game lets you even begin to playa thumbs down is not good enough somebody needs to throw poo at these people
,Recommended,223100,23116479,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,🇬🇧|Conservative Blissful|🇬🇧,"So Homefront®: The Revolution... some people hate it some like it but there is no in the middle people and I am going to say I'm not the in the middle person xD I fuc*ing love it in the 5 hours I have played I love it, I ignored the reviews and it is my fav game and I have had it for 1 day now! 100% you will like this game if you have an OP pc and love the HL combine style Brutality!"
76561198304518505,Not Recommended,223100,23042235,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,boneless pizza plz,oh my god...♥♥♥♥♥iest game i have ever playedlike wtf...running the game at a constant 20 fps even though my pc is wayy higher than the minimum specs.overall the game's optimization is complete trashdon't waste your 60$ on this(btw was running the game at the LOWEST specs)
,Recommended,223100,23127062,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,King Beef!!!!,From a technical standpoint I can admit it does have some little glitches but I have not personally experieced anything game breaking. The single player campaign is ok as long as you run it in short sprints but I actually am liking the co-op mission especially if you have a full group. They are fast and quick and none seem to drag out and overstay their welcome.
,Recommended,223100,23149839,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,XxFreedom911Xx,I love the game but LOTS OF BUGS!!!! Every few seconds the game freezes and then  in like a second its fine bu does this the entire time your playing the game. I know its not the PC because my brother has the game on the PS4 and it does the same thing... Once this is fixed the game will be even better.  I under stand the game came out a week ago but still you have enough time to fix these bugs in the game. Please FIX THIS!!!!!
76561198016050852,Recommended,223100,23229845,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Spartan Rebel,The graphics are so amazing.You can craft greanades and molotovWow sooooooo awesomeWeapons sound are really awesomeThe Bikes are really jerky but it is fineThe another awesome thing is the teddy bear bomb and molotovs
,Not Recommended,223100,30423182,Posted: 10 March,all,x2Li,Attention: Season Pass AKA Expansion Pass NOT includes all DLC'sThis game is need to be more original and less expensive.
76561198074970995,Not Recommended,223100,30386817,Posted: 7 March,all,✔ Sleipnir,"good game but too fast end this game. waste multiplayer mode.waste of time to play ,and end twice like me."
,Recommended,223100,23105344,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Feeliks,People saying poor optimalisation... i got 60 FPS (accept when saving) all the time with a pc of 1300 euro's (2.5 years old)so don't cry about that :DGamplay is pretty good only got 3 glitches:wall missingenemy without a gunBomb Car glitches out of the map (3 times on same position yeah i am stubit)---Update---Story was 10 hours of gameplay time for me (no side missions done)My sponsor:http://steamcommunity.com/groups/ArchReviews/
76561198079631560,Recommended,223100,23047574,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Affy,Good game but there are some bad and annoying things about it such as animations freaking out sometimes and getting stuck in weird places
,Recommended,223100,28439684,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,GriffstA,Shitest Game of 2016 Award Winner
76561198169001034,Not Recommended,223100,23047018,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Rex,I cant play this dumb game because the whole screen is black i just fixed the black screen and i am editing this the review.But now it is laggy now after the black screen went away and the whole game overall is not good right now i hope they have an update to help with the fps problem :).
,Recommended,223100,23133959,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Josh,"Homefront: The Revolution Places you in the centre of an uprising, or well... a soon to be uprising, because, it does start a wee bit slow... Anyway, to the review!This game was hit hard by critics, it was called out for terrible optimization, lackluster gunplay and graphics that feel like they belong in the 2012 days... However, i have come from recently finishing ""most"" of the game (at the last mission or 2, decided that it was best i do this now) and i must say, its quite impressive considering the fact that the developers had a hell of a terrible time with development and such...If you want to imagine what Homefront: The Revolution feels like, imagine Dying light made babies with Far Cry... Dying light isnt as much for the zombie-esque side of it, but more the movement... Far cry is mostly for the Open world, capture stuff features that are in the game.Gunplay is indeed boring, the only exciting moments are well, the stealth moments in the Yellow Zone...Now, for the story.Its kinda boring, its standard uprising/betrayal stuff that you would see in something like Assassins Creed.I have not tried out multiplayer/Co-op due to well, not being able to connect to anyone lolSo, anyway, i would recommend this to someone/anyone who enjoys doing the whole ""capture and control"" gameplay in games like Far Cry. It might not be worth the 60 USD that is it now, but give it time, and maybe a 20-30% sales... and it would be a great game for its value...Rate: 7/10"
,Not Recommended,223100,23041890,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,MoonMoonTheZebraDog,"If you wanted to get this to play with you friends then dont, it just doesnt work and you dont get to explore the world with them or even play the story, the AI run into walls and wont even back up to go around. This is more upsetting then the Divison just found out how bad that game was when it was to late"
76561198283940506,Not Recommended,223100,26077393,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,OrreBorre,"It's♥♥♥♥♥♥ The story, the gameplay, the shooting, the looting, the trading and the A.I."
76561198210064701,Not Recommended,223100,28885687,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,mattjorgdbb,"Absolutely everything wrong with modern games. Too much cinematics. Didn't make it past the first APEX Secure Gateway. Why? Because I moved the mouse as suggested and nothing happened. Clicked right mouse, left mouse, scrolled, and pressed every button on my keyboard and absolutely nothing happened. Typical of modern games. Useless mechanics. USELESS USELESS USELESS USELESS"
76561198279742158,Not Recommended,223100,32584798,Posted: 19 June,all,SUPREMO,suck
76561198170465499,Not Recommended,223100,30419132,Posted: 9 March,all,yanghq1989,I'm glad I bought this for ten bucks on sale because this game isn't worth more than that. The frame rate is a bigger enemy than the North Korean Army.
,Not Recommended,223100,31792510,Posted: 16 May,all,Hush,Just don't.
76561197970524226,Recommended,223100,23252905,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,28k,"Im going to preface my review with what I think has happened in general to the PC gaming community.  There are now two diverse groups of gamers.  You have a core of what I call hard core PC games then you have the consolized group. The consolized group are looking for something completely different than your old school hard core PC gamer.  They want snow flake movie quatlity story lines where thery are the center of attention, extreme NPC close ups with 15 minute cut scenes, lots of dance dance revolution type combat scenarios, and they usually have ♥♥♥♥♥♥ PC's that cant run games that push technology so they are always crying about peformance.  Now they might read this and say ""no we dont, we just a game thats fun"". BUT if it has to have ALL that fluffy crap to be considered fun then your are consolized.Then you have the traditional PC gamer, like me, that wants games like homefront with beautifully rendered game world, check, open world play, check, minimal to the point story line, check, and tons and tons of amazing gun play.This game delivers all this in spades, one of the best shooters I have played in a long long time.  And with a computer built for GAMING not f-ing facebook, I'm pulling well over 100FPS on high settings, no slow downs zero stuttering.With Homefront sometimes I feel like Im playing a Half Life 2 style game with better graphics an an open ended world that I can just run around and find trouble in.  AI is escalting so your always challenged. And nightmare mode with auto aim assist off feels just about right for an experienced PC gamer.  Though it could be a tad harder.This is the Cry Engine so it runs amazing and the level design is simply astonishing.  The attention to detail is amazing.Ive had no bugs no broken quests nothing to get in the way of the fun, just a fantastic shooter being torn about by the console influenced derps."
76561198148930216,Not Recommended,223100,23566544,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,S.O.G anti-sniper,"wtf is rong this time  geting error trid evry thing i can think of wow ,,!,:  so no i dont recomend it  .it cood be good just not a finisht game and not wurth 59.99steam sold my this game ...steam box thers the resin  it faild  is hard to trust steam  thay sell limins"
76561198144380760,Not Recommended,223100,28670741,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,jhulse,sucks LAGGY JUST SUSKS DO NOT BUY IT WAST OF MONEY
76561198015400310,Not Recommended,223100,34727495,Posted: 3 September,all,Intercorpcom,Why is it thid game has been out for some time now and it still crashs BIG TIME!!.....WHY IS THAT...♥♥♥♥♥♥?...I gave me $2.00 or something??...You really should be fixed!!...instead of just♥♥♥♥♥♥.!!!
76561198074287646,Recommended,223100,23225457,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Yogibear,"In my honest opinion the game played out very well even with a few of the ai pathing problems although I do feel there could have been much more done with the game due to the lack in purchasable gear i.e. backpack upgrades and such I think some more armor choices would have been good. Although the game plays out very well I believe there were a lot of problems story wise and the killing of characters that could have been a key player in future instalments of the story, but that being said all in all it was a very fun game and I would easily wish to play future versions if they are like this.ps. the faces look abit outdated lol"
,Not Recommended,223100,28709773,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,TheTurkishMoose,Worst thing about the entire game: There's an entire Korean army and there's not even a single Korean character
76561198062859385,Not Recommended,223100,23046012,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Hitman_Actual,Bad performance across the board. FPS with lots of lag and stuttering. LOW FOV. cant go above 65 verticle. even when using a user.cfg the game ignores CL_fov above 65.I'm getting a refund.
76561198067188886,Not Recommended,223100,23074945,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Lemon420,"Based on 2 hours of gameplay, this games needs a makeover, badly. Optimization expecially. not worth what I paid"
,Not Recommended,223100,23042433,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,FUBAR,Only got this because im from philly and thats really the only selling point for this whole game.
76561198010386277,Not Recommended,223100,30401631,Posted: 8 March,all,White Squall,"i wanted to like this game, i really did. But i couldnt get past the Main menu screen that was all black with music and selection sounds. And couldnt find any help on the matter, i was hard on cash and had to refund the game which was depressing.From the trailers this game's concept/theme/story is exactly what i have been looking for in a game and specifically one that i dont feel enough game devs make.Ive been REALLY jonesing for a revolution type of game (considering the U.S and Mexico are like. . . . literally on fire right now i thought it would fit lol)but more specifically, THIS sort of revolution. plenty of games let you play the ""rebel"" type or ""fight the evil govt/empire/ corporation, but i wanted this type specifically. realistic, modern era, revolution game, that let you play as the underdog revolutionaries hidden in grimy♥♥♥♥♥♥covered holes and huts instead of shiny bases, and tech heavy sewers. I really wanted a game about the urban rebels, who look more like Gang members than battle ready soldiers. I hope someday i can play this for real, and that other Devs make games about this particular niche."
76561198062568618,Recommended,223100,23045816,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Shyshade,So after playing the game for a bit I have to admit i actuely really enjoy it. i have a mid tier gaming pc and i can run the game at high settings getting a constent 60 fps. The graphics are also stunning. make sure you download the drivers and your all set. i look forward to playing more!
,Recommended,223100,23043542,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,End Gamer Z,"I was not expecting anything out of this game, never played any of its previous ones, I just got it because my friend was all hyped over it.  TBPH This game is quite fun, I have only played the Co-op multiplayer, but it was all enjoyable, even though we only actually sucessfully completed a single mission after opening it up to pub and getting 2 more to help, after ~2 hours.I think the 'performance issues' are Intel based, sell outs, my AMD FX 8350 and GTX 970 runs fine on near max settings (gotta lower that gdamn antialiasing) at ~70-80 fps, but yeah.On a side Note:I never understood why people complain about the whole aiming mechanics in these types of games, either for or against bullet drop etc, I mean these games are NOT shooting simulators, if you would like the pinpoint accuracy and bullet drop or w/e of a shooting simulator, go play COD or CS:GO or some boring e-sport game like that.Was it worth the money?  I'd say yes.  If you do not have someone to play with perhaps not."
,Not Recommended,223100,23128534,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Kimbo15995,"Total aids, THIS MIGHT AS WELL BEEN MADE BY UBISOFT."
76561197984794133,Recommended,223100,23213455,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,REBORN71,"the bashing of this game needs to stop NOWI have just finished it on medium on PC and started fresh on hardest. I have never before replayed a game because most games are so fin stupid and easy to play with exceptions of super hard boss fights. This game is fps fallout setting with darksouls hardness gameplay, so if you cant handle that move on play some chicken♥♥♥♥♥♥easy hand-held campaign like cod or bf4 single player or stuff around with 50 000 mods in fallout, or spend hours skinning animals and chasing icons on the map in ubisofts epics, and stop bashing this game. If not for technical issues this is easily 10/10.Why 10/10?For starters enemies movements are completely unpredictable. I have been siting on a roof studying the enemy patrol moving about on the road under me for 15min and yep no frigin pattern they randomly stop look around and change direction. You cant just watch enemy move about for 1min and sus out their movement pattern so you can set up an ambush. No if you planning and ambush you have to lure enemy in. So many times i planted a bomb on the road after spotting enemy convoy rolling down towards me to find it just stop outside of the bomb reach or turning down side street or just started chasing some other npc starting to cause trouble. Fantastic.If you alert the enemy they keep spawning over and over - guess what if you were a rebel fighter fighting against 10 of thousand of soldiers what do you think would happen? But if you alert them and than run to hide, as soon as you break line of sight you can hide behind obstacles or in containers and toilets - you cant do that in say far cry where enemy ai will chase you relentlessly always knowing where you are. Another brilliant thing. Well done on enemy AI. + sometimes enemy might look into the toilet or inside the container. Soo tense plus you have constant threat from airships scanning from above.Also its not true that they keep respawning - if you clear an area quietly and don't raise any alarms no enemy will respawn as it should be. However if you alert them and one comes to investigate and than you make noise killing him others will come and than better run and hide as they will start respawning in that zone. Also iv never had an enemy respawn from thin air it looks like they always run from somewhere else into your zone.This is not like majority of games a run and gun affair and probably why so many bad reviews. If you want run and gun play doom - I personally hated it, and don't let me started on repetitive.The side missions in homefront are great, varied, I have cleared all of them which other reviewer clearly have not. Missions actually require from you to think explore observe listen. You might see the obj marker on the map and on your screen but that does not mean you will know what to do and how to secure the obj.My favourite was having to find some blueprint that was stashed in one of the houses. 1st the area is crawling with enemy so you might want to clear them out quietly. If you don't go quiet well guess what, enemy will keep respawning and if you do sound an alarm better lure them away from the objective building. So I cleared the building and than could not find any blueprints. 5min later I got radio massage telling me to look for markings and symbols on the walls. I checked every wall and could not see♥♥♥♥♥♥ I thought maybe its on the level above me and I need to find how to get up and than I noticed that some of the ceiling panels were hanging and some were missing. I started shooting the ceiling thinking maybe I can break one down and climb to the roof and than I spotted an x, shoot the panel and blueprint flattered down from its hiding spot. Brilliant.Atmosphere in this game is fantastic. You can spend some time sabotaging and gaining respect from the crowd which ultimately leads to them rebelling against oppressors and becoming recruitable followers (4 at the time I think) or you can try and stealth your way through the whole zone (didn't work for me and I liked how♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off the crowd gets and randomly attacks the soldiers and beet them to pulp).To add i have restarted the game on deathwish and am having so much fun just cruising around attacking enemy patrols and hiding away than looking to atack another patrol or secure an stronghold or outpost. Just wishing i could turn off the minimap.WHY NOT 10/10?GraphicsHonestly I didn't care as gameplay was so immersive. I'm running i74790+msi gtx980ti gaming. I could not run all max @1440, it did run all max @1080 but with fps drops so I settled at 1080 medium and some low settings. Still looked good for some reason fantastic during rain and night - noticeably crappy in the midday light.FPS drops - the game tends to freeze and fps dropped drastically randomly - it looked like it had to do with enemy ai rather than environment graphics. I noticed whenever I got spotted and alarm was sound id get mini freeze. not every time though. I tried cranking up the graphics and in the areas with no enemy or before enemy found where I was it would run fine even on max setting.Bugs and glitches.Couple of times I could not progress through a level due to vehicle I was meant to follow got stuck. Quick restart from my save game backup solved it but... something that needs to be fixedCharacter models - I played uncharted 4 soo yes these are old looking.Characters and storyAgain I played uncharted 4, and tlou but seriously what can be done that's not cliché anymore?For what game was about its good story, actually no the story is crap but the gameplay, enemy ai, missions and side missions unlike most other games I played including uncharted4, fallout dying light etc. were fantastic.Voice-overssome were good some were pore the time wasted on radio recordings would of been better spent on more variety in npc linesOverall - I hope other studios can pick the best parts from this game and make something really spectacular next time. Or Dumbusters can learn from their mistakes this time. I don't understand why they had to associate this with homefront which was total failure. This should have been new I.P.So I loved atmosphere the heart this game had the gameplay etc it reminded me a lot of Falling Skies. So my tip for next time - Keep it hard like this even harder maybe an alien invasion and definitely new ip.imagine if moders would treat this same as fallout and improve it"
76561198044385319,Not Recommended,223100,23043309,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Scruffy Jonjoe Wilkinson,"Terrible optimization.  I have a mid to high grade gaming pc and everytime I get into a fight, the fps drops down to around 20 fps.  I messed with the settings for twenty minutes, still buggy and slow fps.  Waste of money until they fix it."
,Not Recommended,223100,23089603,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,coldaxe,the game came out with a delay of 1hand when he did he was bugedi hope they will fix the lag one daybut in the meanwhile i am refunding
76561198287946272,Recommended,223100,23081304,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,topsidemule,"Have to say  playing it for 10 hours it;s not that Bad what thoes Trolls make it out to be, Yes the fram rate is not that great But who cares its a fun game . Great Job DEPP SILVER"
76561198056726152,Not Recommended,223100,23046241,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,shooter87,This is just a stupid game. Game play is bad glitches I can't believe this is a AAA game the first one was a lot better and that was a bad game. I will not recomend this game to anyone don't waist your money.
,Not Recommended,223100,23046822,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,CyberMage,"Worse than The Division.  First 45 minutes of the game is cut scenes.  The multiplayer co-op only has 6 missions, and the AI is worse than the Three Stooges.I had to turn the detail way down to get rid of mouse lag and stop the nausea.Gunplay was bad.  Ran out of ammo in the first mission.  I swear the graphics in the multiplayer were worse than in the single player, but maybe that's just me.So yeah, go back to The Division.  You'll have more fun getting ganked in the darkzone by hackers than trying to play this."
76561197991602581,Recommended,223100,23050406,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,acecrisp,I havent had a lot of time to play it yet but If your looking for one of those boring all Multiplayer games this isnt for you.if you want a old style have fun single player then its great.dont know why people are having problems with this game. I haveyet to encounter any problems and its just like Batman and other gasmes.. get a good pc
,Recommended,223100,23127868,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Watermalone,"Haven't completed the game yet but so far it is pretty good.I feel that the developers saying this is an open world is an understatment (In my honest opinion).I say this because the ""open world"" is segmented into Areas, or ""hubs"" as some may refer to. This means the map works off of the same basis as Deus Ex and Thief (Reboot) where you're given a map which is segmented into zones which are traversed via loading screens if entered.This does not lessen the experience, though. As the areas are much varied from run down industrial areas, poverty stricken backstreets and pristine utopias.The gun-play is well thought out keeping the amount of weapons to a minimum but allowing to ""mod"" the weapon into a complete different firearm, for example you can use a pistol and turn it into a machine pistol which treats you with an oddly satisfying animation of taking the weapon apart and assembling this said firearm.In terms of performance, flawless. With v-sync I'm running at 60fps as the norm, and without I'm hitting the high 160fps with no stutter. This was tested at ""very high"" settings.I'm using a 980ti and an i7 6700k 4ghz.Pros:Gun playArea transitionNice graphicsStory gets by okaySatisfying motorcycle gameplay (What's better than riding a dirtbike through apartment blocks?)Cons:Stealth seems to lack (You can peak over objects but not peak around the side?)There's a lot of room for a ""parkour"" feel they could have exploited but seems to be vaccantWeapons can get boring after a while, which is a downside to the gun play8/10I don't see why this game is getting a lot of stick. They put a lot of work into this and I'm overly surprised they managed to pull this game out of dev hell. Not a lot of games survive that♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198030040025,Recommended,223100,23147407,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Oh My Gains,"The world is very immersive. That is all really...The only thing in my opinion holding this game back is depth. Its like everything they did was only 50%... they decided to go with quantity over quality.Although this game has its flaws(which is many) I couldnt keep myself away from it. The world was believable all the way until the final sequence. The story is cool, but I think the way they decided to engage it was a mistep. This game would've been better without the 'open world' mechanics. they could have invested more in a deeper rich story through linear well thought out levels.At one point the game gives you a decision to kill someone or let them live. This game could've done so much more with real decision making mechanics to effect the outcome.Things get repetative. You do the same thing in every district to further branch the story which was just annoying. On top of that it feels like you... just you... are the revolution. Most of the time you'll be doing things alone, even when there is all out anarchy and everyone is running around shooting the KPA you'll be lonewolfing through the mission. You can recruit 2 resistance members but they are kind of useless and sometimes end up walking into your bullets.The thing they got right with this game though is the mood. Everything is a wreck, it really feels and looks like America went to♥♥♥♥♥♥when you walk throughout these areas. The devs really outdid themselves with the level design. The level at the pier with the two aircraft carriers just rusting away was one of the coolest things ive seen in a video game."
76561197991261251,Recommended,223100,23096638,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Mayhem,i like the game but i can not beat it im at the end and the sam car is stuck
,Recommended,223100,23093146,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,D3ATl-l,good game :)
76561198253362049,Not Recommended,223100,23681527,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,DriverX,why does this game exsist because it sucks
,Recommended,223100,23062669,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Rico2,Lol so much hateSee @dood12348.6/10 - Enjoyable
76561198052666942,Not Recommended,223100,29582187,Posted: 30 January,all,DUKEOFBIOHAZZARD,"Was going to give this a positive review actually, the game actually looks and runs great, then I encountered a mission called ""Whistleblower"", a forced stealth mission, a big turd in an otherwise pleasant bowl of soup.I cannot recommend any game with forced stealth missions. Regardless of how good it is otherwise."
,Not Recommended,223100,33663730,Posted: 19 July,all,Counter-Strike: Global Offensive,bad game
76561198065610987,Not Recommended,223100,23078860,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Sheepdog,its buggy as hell missions veary form 1 that easy and the next one impossible and it crashes every 30 min or so
,Recommended,223100,23086318,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Corrosion,"If you're ignorant and stupid, go jump in a pit.This game is fantastic. Don't listen to all of the ignorant idiots who haven't even played it while they insist it's awful. The grapics are great, missions are randomized, gunplay is awesome, coop is amazing, sound effects are realistic, and it's a wonderful experience."
,Not Recommended,223100,34406050,Posted: 21 August,all,Shadow Moses OG,Could never get it to run on my Rig.
76561198051157775,Not Recommended,223100,28644151,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,sweetca,"quality just sucks : bad game perfomance on mddle power laptop, a lot of bugs in game. but main line is cool"
,Recommended,223100,23123503,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Baby Moon,it okcomrade boi approves
76561198007622695,Recommended,223100,23210242,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,ErvisVlora,"I waited a long time for this game, and i was very disappointed with it. However i would still recommend you make your own decision instead of reading someone else's self proclaimed review. I recommend this game but with caution in mind, remember you have only 2 hours to refund if you truly don't like it. If the price had been 39- 49.99 i would have probably kept it. 66.49 really? Developers are getting greedier even with digital downloads, as if they sent me a CD to justify the extra cost."
,Recommended,223100,23049293,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,CptSteveRogers,"The game isn't optimized very well, mainly because of cryengine I guess. So you may not get great fps, but it's toally worth it!!! It plays like Dying Light and Hitman at the sametime. Those are the best comparisons I can draw from the game. The gameplay isn't ""clunky"" but rather ""tactical"" so if you're looking for a run 'n gun shooter, DO NOT get this game. Sure you can kill alot of people but only in smart ways otherwise you'll be toast. The story is cool, and its open world, what is there not to like?"
,Not Recommended,223100,23042194,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,[LLJK] Klisejo,"This game is a jerky ugly mess. FOV max of 65 gives me a headache, I cant get it to run with any kind of smoothness, even with everything dropped to Low. The controls feel floaty like mouse smoothing is on but I can't find a setting for that.Complete buyers remorse inside 30 minutes, I'm impressed."
76561198041226334,Recommended,223100,23110729,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,POLLSLAW,Housefart the raviloi is a game where America skips rent on the Korean ipads so Korea moves into America and people with blue clothes on fight for their right to party. Then kevin spacey is a bad guy and the automatic paper airplanes die at the end when you DDOS them and you have to choose to save your son or nuke Boston.Replayed it on 5/3/17. runs better but still meh. 5-6/10
76561198072117438,Recommended,223100,23082804,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Gorthalon,"I felt what it meant to be a true American, So much freedom and liberty that I became Uncle Sam and now have a pet Eagle."
,Not Recommended,223100,30383328,Posted: 7 March,all,Kusafox,"EVGA GTX 1080 FTW 1....1080P Max Settings....Avg:45FPS....What?Tried to overclock just to see if anything could be done....the highest stable I could push was 10mhz added to the core and 20mhz added to the memory...not even worth it at that point....Laziest thing I think I have ever seen on the Steam Store from a AAA development team....the sad truth is Call of Duty Infinite Warfare is more optimized and that is garbage as wellEdit 1: I Spaced out bad and forgot to turn down super sampling, first part of the review was with SS X 2.  I am redownloading now to retest the game with it at x1.5 and x1Edit 2: SS 1.5: 70+ SS1: 120+"
,Not Recommended,223100,31674821,Posted: 10 May,all,Mr. Crowley,"I'll summarise the graphics, gameplay, controls and storyline into two words; Utter garbage"
,Recommended,223100,23133292,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Pineapples,10/10
,Recommended,223100,23046178,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Driftwood,"Now that it's been a couple of days and I've been able to properly play for a bit, I feel like now's a good time to revise this review a bit. Originally I left a recommended review in hopes to counter-act the completely idiotic influx of first-minute nay-sayers, complaining that the game was broken on a technical level; so don't expect me to talk about optimization and what-have-you with this review. Mainly I'm going to focus on the content itself, the gameplay, and the narrative, so here-goes.First up, the game's narrative revolves around the idea that the U.S. has fallen under the control of a fantastically powerful North Korea, an idea somewhat far-fetched, especially for the first game where we were supposed to believe that Kim Jong Un led a successful military campaign that swallowed up the whole world. However, this game actually rewrites the original game's story, in fact, I would even go so far as to say this game shouldn't even be considered at all part of the first's canon, in fact, this is more a do-over from last time to fix the original's mistakes; that's a good thing, in case you were wondering. But I digress, Homefront: The Revolution's rewrite ditches the concept of the U.S. losing a pew-pew fight with North Korea, and instead adopts a rather competently thought out economic downfall scenario in it's stead. For some, this scenario may still be farfetched, but the fact that it's better thought out than the idea of the United States military being defeated by the N.K.A. in conventional warfare... well, needless to say it deserves quite a bit of merit, considering the subject matter.So, you begin the game as EthanBradberryBrady, a proverbial nobody who's caught the eye of the local resistance cell's top dog, some Benjamin Walker, and are apparently about to meet up with him for some unknown reason before the safehouse you're in gets attacked by the K.P.A. (Korean People's Army). After an interrogation scene that leads to your rescue by this Benjamin Walker, which leaves him with a nasty leg-wound, things start to spiral downhill rather fast as you get introduced to the game's world, solving a few puzzles to advance the plot, which ultimately ends with Walker's capture before you manage to escape underground and happen upon another mass of the local resistance cell, thus beginning your adventure.One of the first things I noticed about this game is the connect between people loyal to the K.P.A., and those that belong to the resistance. What do I mean by this? Well, in the first game your enemy was a faceless pack of genocidal asians who shot mothers and fathers in the face right in front of their kids before dumping the bodies into huge mass graves, then, when all was said and done, they'd celebrate with a night of napalming an entire town. Of course, some might think that such a situation promotes fear-mongering and bigotry towards North Koreans, but for someone like me who isn't blind to the fact that genocide and mass graves are things that are very much still around in this day and age, the premise wasn't really that ridiculous.However, where as that relationship between the invading force and the population was spurred on by the fact that the K.P.A. was occupying the U.S. amidst an open war with the U.S. government, allowing for belivability in the idea that all enemies are militaristic ghestapo thugs wanting to crush all resistance... Well, such a scenario can't really happen in this game, considering the North Koreans are supposed to be a ""relief force,"" helping the United States out of it's economic strife, supposedly, while trying to get good marks from the U.N. As such, most K.P.A. forces you find will be made up of actual Americans who sympathize with the occupational forces, and concepts like genocide and murder take a back seat to simple reeducation camps and acts of police brutality; basically, the situation is much more docile, and less-likely to upset Tumblr.Regardless of this fact, though, this story does not have many sides, as you need to remember this game is about a revolutionary force fighting for their homeland, as such, it's very biased to the side of the resistance.So, now that the narrative is out of the way, let's move on to the game itself: It's really good. Kek, but seriously trying to explain the gameplay without gushing too much is going to be difficult, so bear with me a bit.What's readily apparent is that the game is open world, which can be good or bad, depending on how you look at it. A lot of games tend to fall flat on their face due to having an open world, mainly utilizing large, open spaces that are nothing more than set-pieces which do nothing to suppliment any gameplay. Homefront: The Revolution actually accounts for this, believe it or not, as every single building, alleyway, and street seems to offer something new and useful as you make your way through war-torn Philladelphia on your crusade of righteousness. The locations are designed with, shall I say, ""fluidity of movement"" in mind, which is perfect for trying to escape patrols as you sprint around the corner, into an alleyway before baseball sliding under a broken fence and ultimately climb up onto and begin jumping from rooftop to rooftop in a bid to escape; it's really exciting at times. On top of that, the locations are rather small, which is great, truly, as it allows a great deal of detail and focus on the important aspects that makes each sector unique, all the while keeping you from being overwhelmed by useless, needless side-fluff. As a side note, irony, it should be taken into account that there are indeed side missions, things like bulletin jobs for extra cash, taking over enemy strongholds to expand your influence, sabotaging equipment, finding radios, etc. But, unlike some games that would try to sell you the concept that doing these things are crucial to better your character and unlock new things, well, this game doesn't really shove that down your throat too much. Rather, you'd simply do these things because it's convenient for you, and the developers have done a fantastic job to make them as minimally monotonous as possible. Mainly, the two types of side missions you'll be working on are ""strikes"" (stronghold takeovers), and ""hearts and minds,"" First-off, ""strikes"" pit you against an area's stronghold and it's garrison, your job being to take care of an objective inside the fort at your own liesure, letting a time-skip play out, and then leaving you to continue on some hours later after the resistance has set up shop in their new digs. This lets you unlock new respawn zones and shops, as well as providing you with points that you'll use to purchase upgrade kits and new tools to expand your available arsenal. The othe type of side mission, which is actually a by-product of doing ""strikes,"" is ""hearts and minds,"" basically, this is the prospect of winning over the opinion of the general populace, geting them to rise up against the North Korean occupation. This is achieved by doing many different things, and is actually a lot more enjoyable and fluid than I had imagined it would be, as you often rack up points towards the success of this project by 'drum-roll' playing the game, of all things. No hunting collectibles, no ""5 out of 9 objectives completed,"" just straight, glorious game that lets YOU decide how and when things will happen.So, that's really all I have to say about that, I'd planned to type out more, as this game has a LOT of fresh ideas and concepts it brings to the table. But, Steam's abysmal word-count won't allow me to do such, so I'll have to hope what's here is sufficient enough for the average reader. My final verdict is that I bought two copies of this game, both with the season pass for me and my brother; we haven't regretted it one bit."
,Not Recommended,223100,23049428,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,The Adventurer,i got a refund 10/10
,Recommended,223100,23140307,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Ryan,"I find the other reviews drastically over dramatic towards the game and honestly i am perfectly fine with it since i am not choosing an side to both good or bad sides of people's opinions.My honest opinion i find the game quite entertaining with the objectives and some how the stealth in the game in yellow and green zones to wake up a uprising! but i have to behonest the preformance is bad, the A.I. and so on... and we all know that! But dont you think the devs would know aswel after hearing the crying and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥tting of other♥♥♥♥♥♥reviewers? yes, of course they did, and if you use some common sence they of course would go and fix it, they are obvious issues to the game preventing gameplay. I think people should just be patient and just ♥♥♥♥ing wait xPWith the other ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t aside from cry baby's like Jim Sterling, i find the game entertaining, only issues i've had was the freezing issue and the A.I. apart from that i looked past it and enjoyed the game to the fullest, i would say a 8/10.I would recommend it when the updates and patches are made for the main issues to the game so you can enjoy it! aside that, i hope you all had a nice time! c:"
76561198360462392,Not Recommended,223100,31698507,Posted: 12 May,all,feili77,i dont like  is game
,Recommended,223100,23059915,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,CBurns,"Honestly, I like the game. Haven't run into most of the problems others are describing."
,Recommended,223100,23045547,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Chris Redfield,Korean BBQ
76561197993151659,Not Recommended,223100,29102531,Posted: 7 January,all,mburden11,This is a terrible game.
,Not Recommended,223100,34507956,Posted: 26 August,all,This game is shit,♥♥♥♥♥boring game
76561198170679934,Recommended,223100,23225144,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,The Flarbadarb,"Never have I played a game that gives me the sense of ""revolution"" so perfectly. From the music, to the story, the gameplay, and the graphics (which look pretty nice), it all adds up to give me this, weird, but nice feeling of uprising against a greater force. Sure, it has some problems that take me out of that feeling, but I still have it most of the time. Thats why I like it."
76561198006409910,Recommended,223100,23137653,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Legion1183,"For a new studio to develop this game and with such a small team I have to say it is very impressive what they achieved. As for the game itself I really liked it I know critics are giving it bad reviews I would say most of them have never played the game and just judging it based on what they see. Yes there are a lot saying fps dips and what not but remember this game is running on Cryengine 5, the new Crytek engine. Remember in 2007 when Crysis launched? Most computers could barely run it I would say the same thing here the engine is to advanced for what current hardware is capable of doing that most people would have. Their would be few exceptions those who run triple or quad CrossFire/SLI, but most people probably. Run a single gpu or duo gpu's is it a good story that is something I feel yes and no the idea of the whole series is great. Story could have been maybe another hour or two but I would not knock, a star off for it because it is an open world game and if I wanted the story element and not an open world I would not have bought it. Visually this game is very impressive minor details are there that lack in other AAA games now a days but. Used in exist back when the cod series was becoming popular before it became a yearly cash grab release franchise. As for recomending this game I would say yes because I think if Deep Silver, had a bigger budgement in the next series then I think they could defintely make a better game and spend time working out a really intriguing story. Their is even mention about what happened to Koas Studios, and this franchise changing hands to Crytek, then being sold to Deep Silver. That is something I did not expect since most developers for games if they change studios there is no mention about that anywhere in the game itself."
76561197999500884,Recommended,223100,23206353,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Consparanoid,"Good game! So far into the game I like the gameplay, atmosphere, and concept. After adjusting the setting to the GeForce Experience recommended setting, which basically recommended me the lowest settings the game floats well and the graphics is still beautiful on my seasoned gaming laptop (Intel Core i7-4700MQ with GTX765M).The story is credible enough, taking into account alternative history setting. Some glitches here and there, that are likely fixable with patches. Gameplay works well as soon you get used to it. This is a game you must play on the premises of the game. It is not a pure stealth game, and not a pure kill’em-all game, but something in-between. Get used to that and it is fun.Since there are so many bad reviews I feel I must defend myself, so I will do. If you want DOOM, get DOOM. If you want COD, get COD. If you want The Division, get The Division. They are probably better if those are the game you really want. This game requires something else from you, namely to play as an inferior guerilla soldier in hostile environment with superior power enemies. Tactics are required.For me this game seems like a perfect warm up to Deus Ex: Mankind Divided and Dishonored 2. Give it a chance if you share my motivation."
,Recommended,223100,23118452,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,TheIrishGhost,http://imgur.com/gallery/cdlgwzC
76561198055945988,Recommended,223100,23203389,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Vesica Urinaria,"This  game graphic is very good! Just like other cry-engine game, but the bug is annoying, they need to fix this, i think that's for now, i will continue play this game. But so far so good"
76561197999059715,Not Recommended,223100,23046184,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Pilgrimm,"After the first cut scene, right when they noticed the streets were empty, the entire screen went black. No wonder he thought they were empty!10/10 Best black screen simulator I've ever played!....Now wheres my refund button...AMD A10-5700 3.4 GHz Quad Core12 GB ramR9 280X 3 gig GFXWindows 7 Home Premium"
76561197997728699,Not Recommended,223100,23044322,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,UsaLostLiberty,"Who was the idiot that desing the hacking process in the game ,had much hope for he game going to play the Division again as much as I don't like it at the current state ,however this one really let me down."
76561197982418723,Not Recommended,223100,30485400,Posted: 12 March,all,XDCR,this game was so bad i think it gave me cancer.
76561198122447751,Not Recommended,223100,28732062,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Tyrael,waste if money.
76561198061050850,Not Recommended,223100,34388133,Posted: 20 August,all,Kopi.Imba,5 out of 10Maybe I will write a detailed review later.
76561198251413458,Not Recommended,223100,31524730,Posted: 3 May,all,Sheev Palpatine,boring
76561198026882341,Not Recommended,223100,31762585,Posted: 14 May,all,Cow,"America is not worth saving.Americans have become pathetic, the gameplay has become repetitive, and figuring how to get to an objective to liberate a zone is more of an exploring chore than a puzzle. This is my first bad review for a first person shooter.Homefront serves as a reminder that half the population consists of pathetic parasites. Luckily in IRL America is great and we still have 7 and a half years of God Emperor Trump left."
76561198044430624,Not Recommended,223100,23042267,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,TrojanHorse.EXE,Its like someone♥♥♥♥♥♥on a brick and sold to the public for 60 dollars...
76561198025298520,Not Recommended,223100,23045555,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Dockedknave,i tried to give it a shot even though everyone else gave it bad reviews... needless to say very disappointed!
,Not Recommended,223100,23822384,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,MK96,why my game is black screen
,Recommended,223100,23091329,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Vacationist,better than black ops 3 campaign
,Not Recommended,223100,23048234,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Goldy,Hi. I just got done playing this game with my good friend Tucker Boner. We knew it was♥♥♥♥♥♥and it still shocked us just how bad it truly is. I would rather take a pinecone and shove it down my throat while a Unicorn shoves his horn in my♥♥♥♥♥♥Never make a game again.11/10 - Skyrim with Guns
,Not Recommended,223100,23042497,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,North Korea is the best,Homefront: The Revolution of boring
,Not Recommended,223100,31645707,Posted: 9 May,all,☭ - Rassy,Keeps ♥♥♥♥ing crashing
76561198015906468,Recommended,223100,23111771,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,RyanHunt,I had fun playing this game :)
,Recommended,223100,30367442,Posted: 6 March,all,Woolma,Great Game
,Recommended,223100,24330779,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Dirkradix,Bought the game to shoot and stab koreans.
,Not Recommended,223100,23043434,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Dr.Tiger_Cookie,"The AI is garbage, and when you are in a firefight its slow and blandand the voice acting does not match the characters mouth movement and the way they look"
,Recommended,223100,23158289,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Bruva Captain Dux,"The main reason I bought this game was to kill North Koreans. I did a lot of that, so I don't see a negative."
,Recommended,223100,23046934,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Slumpdog,"Amazing! The controls are flawless, and very seemless. I also love how you can make weapons in the field, and not have to go to a bench. The option where you can turn your pistol into an SMG is great. I strongly recommend this game!"
76561198073509715,Not Recommended,223100,23044525,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,ApexSabo,"The game has a very limited multiplayer, only the 12 coop missions. I can only compare them to mw2's spec ops, they are short and for me personally have little to no replayability. 2/10"
76561198085816890,Not Recommended,223100,28583404,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,老白,"s@h&i%T game, su@c%k handing and hud. i cant refund because the game didnt close though i push the ""quit"""
,Not Recommended,223100,25474321,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,TIG,"A monotonous romp through a series of amateur Tomb Raider climbing quests, repetitive tasks and shoot-outs with poorly programmed AI enemies using your own tedious weapons (on an annoying weapon wheel) come to characterize the disappointing sequel to the surprisingly fun original, Homefront.A widely expected but eventually omitted player-versus-player multiplayer mode hammered the last nail in the coffin on a title that saw its potential squandered by developers who chose to ignore the wishes of the two million strong userbase of the original."
,Not Recommended,223100,23043807,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,LeonGunSteel,It is not bad the gameplay is solid but with the FPS drops in certin areas i cant recomend it right now.  also has that annoying glitch that fallout 4 has where if you move across the map too quick the textures look like mud when it should look like steel.
,Not Recommended,223100,23043490,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,sui,Just simply awful.
76561198088913360,Not Recommended,223100,25507888,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Säsch,This is the biggest and worstest Game ever.So much Potenzial
,Recommended,223100,23074610,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Levy ♥,Heres how my game experience went once it came out:-Downloads game-Waits in anticipation.-Starts game.-Gets frustrated with so many cutscenes.-Pulls out phone.-Nopes off game.-Returns game.-The end.1/10 IGN
,Recommended,223100,23174552,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,TheMacauOne,"better than cod:iwafter i got a better pc, i found out this game is just better than it's last game, the base game is fun, and the dlc have good story too.and how the **** did NK have better weapon and♥♥♥♥♥♥than the US."
76561198026116438,Not Recommended,223100,28258944,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,virus,First let me give you a little background on my gaming so you dont think this is coming from some schmuck! I have been a gamer for over 35 years starting with Atari and the commodore 64. I have been playing FPS since the original call of duty. So here goes! The designers and producers of this game are either drunk or so far out of touch with what gamers are looking for in FPS that they should 1) stop producing games 2) refund the purchase price to everyone who purchased this game as a noob so they dont think this is what FPS should be and 3) apologize for ruining the Homefront title which was a great FPS game. This game is terrible from the story line to the gameplay. This is the worst multiplayer game I have ever encountered. To call this multiplayer or even co-op is a joke. My advise to anyone looking to purchase a good FPS is to buy anything other than this fiasco of a game. Developers and producers as well as graphic design should all be embarssed for putting out such a monstrosity of a game. Steam should pull they game so they are not associated with such garbage.
,Recommended,223100,23114521,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,nYberG✅,Better than Call of Duty Infinite Warfare
76561198005509576,Not Recommended,223100,23042464,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Cr4ckB0ne,GAME IS ALREADY DEAD
,Not Recommended,223100,23059255,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,🅼🅾🆃🅾🅵🆁🅴🅰🅺,"""Time to refund""  21 minutes boys & girlsAnother Pile of $hit release.    Made me value the division that much more, and I hate that game!"
,Recommended,223100,23110929,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Ninja ™ ©,Leave all the hatered behind the only flaw with this game is that it is not well optimised for anything nor pc nor ps4 but leaving that behind this is a all new game with new kind of vibe to it which we dont get in fps now a days the main campaign is good and the stealth and the open world element gives it a whole new touch and the gun play is too good although i get 30-40 fps it bothers me sometimes but if the patches can optimize the game then this could be one outstanding shooter. go ahead try it if you are into shooters and have a decent pc.
76561198081403115,Not Recommended,223100,30409094,Posted: 9 March,all,The RoyalMarine,repetitive
,Not Recommended,223100,25723343,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,GlennUno,"Christ, just ♥♥♥♥in' no... 10 GOD DAMN MINUTES OF INTRO CINEMATICS! then every damn sequence after that is just a filler ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.No no no... noooooooooooooooooooooooooo.... just nooooooooooo.....If a game is 6 hours long because of un-interruptable ""movie/scene"" sequences that have absolutely no interest to the player and it's actually 2 hours long with ACTUALY gameplay. DO NOT MAKE THE DAMN SEQUENCES NON-SKIPPABLE!If i'm not interested then you can't FORCE me to be.Graphically, fine enough qualityStory.... ERHMERGERD, IM TURKING MURRICA BERK! ME STRONG MURRICAN!!!It's a typical, we're rebelling against a oppressive regime ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. A recurring story about their own independence history which they can't let go off. They get off on this♥♥♥♥♥♥. America, GET A ♥♥♥♥IN' CLUE!Learn about world that is OUTSIDE of America, than the god damn close minded, civil war rebellion,♥♥♥♥♥♥mongering, tea-throwing overboard♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ native-american massacring ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s, wholly capitalistic fat ♥♥♥♥s of your own AMERICAN history..Too long, Didn't readGame should have skippable scenes, good enough graphics for gameplay, absolutely god awful♥♥♥♥♥♥and♥♥♥♥♥♥american history lesson.. once again.Buy it if you want to, don't buy it if you actually like a game you can do something in."
76561198018049290,Recommended,223100,23111853,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Crywolf,"Could have been a good game, but at very best a meh"
76561197989974287,Not Recommended,223100,30416111,Posted: 9 March,all,Murasaki,"It's hilarious how bad this game is. I barely know where to start.It's so laughably bad, I'm not even angry that I wasted the $10 buying it on sale, because I can't stop laughing and for some weird reason I can't laugh and be angry at the same time. Ever notice that?* Here is the least awful thing: the story. In the alternate 1970s, North Korea has a technological renaissance and becomes the dominant tech power going into the 21st century. Somehow the United States, with a size and economy more than 20 times NK's size in the 1970s, is cowed by the amazing rise of this totally awesome country and we find ourselves billions of dollars in hock to them and addicted to AWESOME NORTH KOREAN SMART PHONES AND WEAPONS TECHNOLOGY. I want to repeat that: AWESOME NORTH KOREAN SMART PHONES AND WEAPONS.At this point, I walked away from my computer because I was laughing so hard I started peeing all over, and my computer is expensive, even though it isn't made in North Korea. BTW, no word on where South Korea is in all this. I'm guessing they domesticated dinosaurs and rode them to Russia to fight a lightsaber duel with Kruschev (ask your parents) since the USSR is now the world leader in after school Jedi programs.* Hilariously bad acting, which is a stylish complement to the hilariously terrible voice and sound. There are only about 3 voice actors doing everything, which is okay, because there are only about 3 character models running around, with modeling that looked absolutely awesome when it was in Morrowind. I heard a car door slam in an alley without an echo, and a can fall to the ground sounding like a banana and roast beef sandwich landing on the pavement after I dropped it off the roof (shut up, it's delicious). When the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ (edit: seriously? I'm not allowed to say pros- okay, fine, ""sex worker"") delivered her third bizarrely depressing come-on to me, I laughed so much harder this time that my period started THREE WEEKS EARLY.* Pressing F makes you do a sort of sidearm slashy thing with your knife, like the quick melee attack in CodBlops. It's the only animation you've got. Your hands sort of float in the air when you jump, even if you're not jumping anywhere interesting or very far, like you're doing AWESOME BALLET MOVES. Also everywhere you need to jump is draped with blue tarps, which is TOTALLY DIFFERENT FROM THE RED TARPS IN MIRROR'S EDGE.* Seriously, remember how awesome Mirror's Edge 1 was?* Oh my GOD these cutscenes are long, and everyone in them is doing WAY more awesome things than I am. When am I EVER going to get a gun? Why can't I throw a PK guy on the ground and stab him 80 times with a box cutter like a badass? All I can do with my knife is this one Power Rangers thing with my arm.* Why does the silly goth girl in the first act have a T-shirt with samurai stuff on it? If North Korea became the dominant power in Asia in the 1970s dshjkfdSorry I just started laughing so hard I peed again, lemme find paper towels, secokay... wouldn't there be pictures of kimchee on everything instead? +* Let's see... carefully marked out parkour puzzles, crafting items from a limitless supply of purposeless randomly spawned garbage in the world, an incredibly boring and long first act where you don't get a gun for like TWO HOURS, taking pictures of people with your cell phone to track them in the world (WUT WUT NSA!), levels weirdly laid out with roadblocks of garbage to keep you from entering all those buildings that have nothing in them with doors that won't open... the only thing missing from this game is ZOMBIES!* Also, if NK decided to annex the United States, why would they leave every single major city to rot and completely collapse? Isn't the whole point of occupying a country to leverage its industrial capabilities? Why is everyone standing around in the street trying to sell things to each other when nobody has any money? Isn't anyone going to buy a kiss from that poor hooker? Trade her a rat on a stick or something! Why would North Korea occupy a gigantic country and do absolutely nothing with it? If they aren't going to use the population for anything, why didn't NK just nuke everything? Why isn't everyone slave labor? Are we really meant to believe that in this topsy turvy alternate universe Koreans don't love going to work? I suppose there are no after school study centers open until 2 in the morning, either.* Oh my god you guys, I just figured out why the only broken down trope in this game that's missing is the zombies. It's because WE'RE THE ZOMBIES. Oh my god you guys. SOCIETY.Seriously, I'm so horrified and shocked by how last-gen, no effort, uncreative, low quality this product is, I felt the need to inflict me entertaining myself on all of you to get my money's worth. If you're still here, god, find something better to do.My parting thoughts:"
,Not Recommended,223100,23087516,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,TangerinaCat,NOT WHAT I EXPECTED!
,Recommended,223100,23045926,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Kor,"I have a Radeon 7870 and an i5 4670 and my game is running very smoothly on MEDIUM.I think many are upset that it's hard to get 60 FPS, but I figure that's because we've been spoiled.As for the gameplay, I couldn't tell yet. So far the story seems compelling and the gameplay seems okay. Will update in the future with more gameplay. For now -- the game functions properly except for the few people complaining about 60 fps and all that jazz."
,Recommended,223100,23060618,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Dweb,Goddamn and here I was thinking it couldn't be any worse than the first.xDDDDDDDDD
76561198118519066,Recommended,223100,23115342,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,GarySchnitzel,I locw this game no matter what
,Not Recommended,223100,23076546,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,zim,So i got it played if for maby two hours and returnd it. if it was $20 i would buy it but it felt like a bate.
,Recommended,223100,23044363,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Zhu qian qian's boy friend,"Not too bad, you can custmization your graphics settings."
76561198169376345,Recommended,223100,30382230,Posted: 7 March,all,Stagg | h1z1swap.com,.
,Not Recommended,223100,30400350,Posted: 8 March,all,Doobiemon,"This game is honestly such a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ Dont even waste $11 doll hairs on it. The game starts off pretty simple, and somewhat fun actually.However, once you get past the starting area, even on the lowest difficulty, the game has a MASSIVE difficulty spike. The game literally ends up being impossible. Even though it says I have like 3 hours in it, dont be fooled. 1 hr is all you need to experience the ENTIRE game. I want my goddamn $60 back"
,Not Recommended,223100,23043478,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Ja'mare Kidd,Only good part is throwing phones and stabing people in the face then slit their throat
,Not Recommended,223100,28620984,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,linuxjediz,"This fukken game... where to begin...Let's start with the premise. It's ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. The idea that the short bus of nation states (AKA North Korea) can establish a beach head when in reality they use pointy fukk sticks and fish oil is laughable. The idea that they can be a technological powerhouse is even more ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. At first you can overlook this and kind of enjoy the parallel universe they create, but then you get in to the game and realize that this shovelware should not be anywhere anyone can touch. they put out a pile of crap for money and thankfully I waited until it was 70% off.The story is OK to start, but as time goes on and you get deeper into the plot... you find it was written by one of those kids in the ""special needs"" room who might have talent but it held back by the fact he is fukken 'tarded. The missions (lol let's just waltz in and mess stuff up"" are repetitive and tiring. What little variety is there is marred by the fact they chose to exectute the dumbest ideas possible.The pathfinding on the AI is garbage. This is what finally broke it for me. I get to play with goliath like the last game. At first I'm thinking ""oh sweet maybe I can mess stuff up..."" No. It behaves more like an autistic overgrown metal toddler that whines if you shoot near it, and it's driven by some smarmy pseudo-asian chick who has as much talent behind the wheel and with a gun like... an actual asian woman.Your allies being able to help you in a critical situation? Don't count on it. They paid as much attention to the pathfinding there as one would pay to a used paper cup being tossed in the trash.And then glitches with vehicles... oh man. You got awful pathfinding, then you get the RC cars going and while that was actually a really cool idea it got trashed by getting stuck on stuff like... candles... yes... candles...Then it goes kaboom from the candle in your face as you realize too late that it just isn't going anywhere. Sort of like this game."
76561198149358194,Not Recommended,223100,23041599,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,jediapocalypse,"Cannot play game, surpass minimum specs. Completely dark screen except for hud. Right after first cut scene game goes completely dark. Avoid like the plague. Can't leave any other review until I can actually play the game.Not even going to play this, getting refund. After seeing these other reviews can't imagine letting them keep my money. And for the troll that left the ""fix your pc"" comment, get a life. My PC is fine, run every other game in my library no problem."
76561198040145247,Not Recommended,223100,23041325,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Etruscan,I have a bug where noone has heads. Wait for this one guys
,Not Recommended,223100,33021404,Posted: 29 June,all,Orion,the worst game i have ever played
,Not Recommended,223100,28553614,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Mystre,Game runs like complete garbage.
,Recommended,223100,23110036,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,BluberriMuffins,This game is good
,Recommended,223100,33167663,Posted: 2 July,all,Game Cooker US Rocks VR,"3.4 hours first play says it all. To clarify the 3.4 hours was not how long the game is but how long my first play was. My only reason to stop was fatigue. It was late. I am on the second main mission set now where you have to sneak around the city. Good fun game in my opinion. It doesn't have anything revolutionary but still fun and everything seemed to work. The Ai seemed to work fairly well for me. In tight areas they can get in the way but that is expected. It is nice running around picking who you want to be on your team based on their loadout. I just did the main mission stuff in single player. I am going to try co-op mode soon. Worth the sale price definately. $30 regular price would depend on how much you like these kinds of games. You can guns blaze, use some stealth, there are physical take downs and you can buy weapons and and also upgrade them. Overall, this game was pleasing so far. If it stays that way I won't change my review except to add game play video. Enjoy. Game on !!!First play live re-run video here in HD:https://youtu.be/J-vpuwhu1wo"
76561198091199876,Not Recommended,223100,32969545,Posted: 28 June,all,Ringer,garbage
76561197999773881,Not Recommended,223100,31267076,Posted: 20 April,all,ntnsweet210,pretty awful
76561197970513428,Recommended,223100,23042606,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,mothman,"Played for 30 minutes on my Core i7 Skylake and GTX 980ti. Have not encountered ANY lag or FPS issues, everything has been smoth.Are people not upgrading their graphics driver? The latest Nvidia driver is 365.19.So far my playthru has been fun and I have not noticed any glitches that would interfere with performance or my playthru. So if people are having problems then make sure you meet the recommended specifications from the store page.Continuing on my review the story of how North Korea came to take over the USA is laughable but hey its a game!For what this game is I have played much worse games than this but Homefront so far has been very enjoyable and will be part of the revolution and take out some NORKS."
75481512546587646,Not Recommended,223100,33127289,Posted: 2 July,all,SnowCat,idk i do it for the Steam Sale cards
76561197983568844,Not Recommended,223100,23110844,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,jimstuckless,First things first.... I have an Alienware.... I-7...256  ge-force video... blah blah blah.... It's a damn good computer worth nearly $2k...I saw this game in the featured section.... read the description... saw the trailers... thought to myself... Hey... this looks like fun....So I paid for the game AND season pass package... cuz I hate getting screwed by greedy developers who wanna be paid every time they take a♥♥♥♥♥♥.. n also want a pat on the back BECAUSE they took a♥♥♥♥♥♥.. even though their♥♥♥♥♥♥still STINKS like♥♥♥♥♥♥But ... whatever.... I bought the game...first thing I notice is.... thirty FREAKING six gig!!! 36 gig...  3   6    ... WTF?? Am I downloading the library of congress????  I immediately wonder if the game code was written in visual basic... or hieroglyphic or some other ancient forgotten language.After  3 1/2 ridiculously long hours on a very stable high speed internet connection that easily runs WOT and multiple other FPS's.... Homefront is installed and ready to play.So I double click the play button n wait to dive in...  tick tock..... tick tock....    did I click it once?? or twice??? .... it must have been once... it's been a minute or two n still nothing... I mean .... NOTHING... a black.... blank screen.....I'll click it again..... oh ... wait.... it's starting to do something.... I see... something ... its faint.... choppy?!?!?... garbled music....   some sort of weird cut scene??? intro movie???  I think to myself.... I bought a game right???? not some narrated cartoon movie / graphic novel????Finally after about ten minutes of watching this choppy.... blurry.... grossly out of sync audio ..... Intro???.... I get to do something.... .... .... press V.... yup.... I got to press the V button on my keyboard....       36 gigs.... 3 1/2 hours to download and install.... ten minutes of watching a sub standard cut scene / movie / intro / pointless waste of time..... and pile of money later.... and I get to press the V button.I don't think I've ever seen a more blatant middle finger from a game developer before.... these guys should have gone into business making high school prom videos rather than making video games...I'd ask for my money back for this steaming piece of dogshit but I figure I'd have a better chance of winning every lottery in every city in every country.... WITHOUT buying a ticket.
76561198254694034,Not Recommended,223100,23050606,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,scarecrow,"I do not recommend. I will rather go to jail but wont play this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Dont waste ur time and money if you thinks it like first one, but no. If You buy it and If I found out I will find you lol"
,Not Recommended,223100,28556661,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Herbalist,♥♥♥♥ this
,Not Recommended,223100,30408087,Posted: 9 March,all,Qlite,PURE♥♥♥♥♥♥NOT WORTH 12 EURO REFUNDED
54457113512652783,Not Recommended,223100,31264330,Posted: 20 April,all,b0rth,poop
76561198278565973,Not Recommended,223100,30393442,Posted: 8 March,all,HOOMAN BEEN,not good game m8
76561198373363666,Not Recommended,223100,30402009,Posted: 8 March,all,rich_chef329,just bought the game an hour ago and have been trying to play for an hour and it wont even let me play its super laggy and glitchy
,Not Recommended,223100,31222263,Posted: 18 April,all,i found anne frank,♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,223100,26496692,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,P R E ß N S,Pro Tips from someone with 25 hours:1: Don't buy it2: Just play Crisis or Metro 2033. It's partly the same developer and so much better in almost every way.3: Just Leave this store page and forget4: Why are you still here?5: Leave6: Message to entice you to keep reading7: LEAVE
76561198045242708,Not Recommended,223100,31652517,Posted: 9 May,all,I do bad things to bad people,DONT BUY UNLESS YOU OWN A HD MONITORwouldnt play on my system not because of my pc but because im using a tv for a monitor that isnt hd and all i get is a black screen looked online for fixes found none that worked shame as i really wanted to play thins game
76561198088811209,Not Recommended,223100,31665784,Posted: 10 May,all,Nemoto,bad game
76561198065442027,Recommended,223100,23042580,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Сахелантроп,"In for the achivements, got 10 in first 10 min."
76561198166397239,Not Recommended,223100,23041734,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Hebrew National,Doesn't support SLI. AWWWFUL.
76561198016711982,Not Recommended,223100,31641479,Posted: 9 May,all,Khareth,don't buy this piece of garbage
76561198327146767,Not Recommended,223100,31639282,Posted: 8 May,all,chaoticyle,no
,Not Recommended,223100,33097118,Posted: 1 July,all,LosCabos,it swears a lot like a lot
,Not Recommended,223100,23041650,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,buuda69,been playing for 5 min...this game is so ♥♥♥♥ed up....good grafix...♥♥♥♥♥♥game coding....first person view sucks hard....and the movement controls suck.......WHY DO THEY ALWAYS HAVE TO ♥♥♥♥ UP A GOOD IDEA FOR A ♥♥♥♥ING GAME!!!!
,Not Recommended,223100,30403930,Posted: 8 March,all,olo,Don't Buy This Sh*t :[
,Not Recommended,223100,23051765,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,xundeadblaze,so bad..so so bad
,Recommended,223100,30611757,Posted: 19 March,all,Cupcakes sugarrrr,"well i didnt see anything bad on this game, probably not meet yet, but its a good game so far"
76561198043970916,Recommended,223100,30585293,Posted: 18 March,all,Singlenator,"I really enjoyed this game. 24.8 hours is where I'm at as I type this review and that's one run-through of the main storyline plus all three DLC's on recommended difficulty, I haven't spent any time in the multiplayer section as of yet. I bought in on sale for like 12 bucks so if you consider a 2 hour movie costs about the same it's a pretty solid deal. There's a TL'DR at the bottom if you don't want to read the rest.There are two things you need to know about Homefront: The Revolution. First, it's a total grind-fest. There's no question about that. Second, there are some bugs. However, there aren't a LOT of bugs. There were only two serious ones that I remember, one point I fell through the floor and died and the other one the map just failed to load and I couldn't finish a Strikepoint. However both resolved themselves.Back to the grind-fest. The game is split into several districts that you fight in, guerrilla style, to free from the KPA, an evil foreign power that has taken control over the United States. There's a handful of mission types that you'll find yourself repeating in sector after sector.If you hate grinding don't play this game. If you're like me and you love grinding then absolutely DO play this game.The biggest advantage of this game is the customization of your weapons and the variety in which you can attack the enemy. The latter could have used some additional work but they still did an excellent job.This game is an open-world first-person shooter. One of the biggest parts of FPS's is attachment options for weapons and this game is no different. You can buy attachments ranging from grips to scopes to suppressors and you have the option to change those out at any time. Each weapon has various forms you can modify, for example there's a battle rifle which has three variations. Battle Rifle, which is a semi-automatic mid range rifle. It hits hard and hits fast and if you're accurate it's one of the best weapons in the game. Then there's the Marksman Rifle variant, which you can switch to at any point on the field, which is your average sniper-rifle. Three shots and if you hit your target it's typically one-shot-kill. And finally a rocket-launcher variant, this is called the Freedom Launcher and is a rocket launcher that is much weaker than the actual rocket launcher you can equip. That balances the convenience this rifle and it's variants brings to the table.Every weapon has variants such as that and if you're like me you'll pick one or two loadouts that you like and you'll stick with them. It wasn't unitl the final mission that I tried a couple of the variants simply because I found what fit my play style and stuck with it. There's also four different throwable weapons (Pipe bomb, molotov, distraction, hack) that can be used either as a grenade, a mine, remote detonated, or taped to an RC car and remote piloted. The latter is by far my favorite. This allows you to use a variety of play styles depending on what you feel like.The thing I think felt needed more work is really simple and isn't a real complaint. There's a crossbow in the game that I felt could have provided an entire extra level of customization had they given you additional variations to the bolts. But, they didn't, and that's fine because it's still a wonderful weapon.The second most effective element of this game is it's Guerrilla Warfare system. There are two types of sectors you'll fight in, Red Zones and Yellow Zones. Combined these sectors create two distinct yet effective narratives for guerrilla warfare. Red Zones are more like warzones. The KPA will shoot on sight so you have to be much more aggressive than you would be in the Yellow Zones where the KPA is in control but operates more as a police force rather than an invading military presence. Both instances take traditinonal views on guerrilla warfare and fit them into a playstyle that really emphasizes ""hit-and-run"" tactics. You'll feel like you're living the movie Red Dawn.The story isn't terrible, but it's also not great. The characters are 2D and you'll feel very unsatsisfied with how certain plotlines are tied up, ESPECIALLY if you don't get the DLC. But, even then, a lot of threads are left unraveled. That being said the story is good enough to spark an interest that will motivate you to move from zone to zone. There's a problem with consistency in one DLC to the next including one particular issue where in the main campaign the character you play as has zero dialogue but then in the DLC's he's a chatterbox.Tl;DrIt's a Grind-Fest, and it's awesome. Guns are creative, you feel like a revolutionary, and the story won't leave a lasting impression. I saw some people listened to podcasts when they played which I think is great. I didn't feel the need to do that but you might consider it."
76561198088867627,Recommended,223100,30593504,Posted: 18 March,all,Penguin In An Ice Cube,You can drive an RC car. 10/10                                         Pretty fun in my opinion.
,Recommended,223100,30593318,Posted: 18 March,all,WarpGuN,probably one of the most underrated games i played!having a blast with this mix of far cry & dying light.. animations & graphics + gunplay are excellent runs great on gtx 1080
76561198025640938,Recommended,223100,30584455,Posted: 17 March,all,Darth Vader (Hash),7/10 (Decent)
,Recommended,223100,30584554,Posted: 17 March,all,King Business,"I'm not sure why this game has all the bad reviews, I find it pretty fun to play.  Graphics are great, game play is smooth, and story is interesting.   It is worth playing."
76561197971872842,Recommended,223100,30590819,Posted: 18 March,all,Riph,"I'm told this game had a very rough, buggy launch.  I can't speak to that, because the version I played now in 2017 ran great.  The gunplay is smooth and satisfying, enemies actually die when shot in the head, and the ruined cities set great atmosphere."
88979645321456987,Recommended,223100,30605060,Posted: 18 March,all,Canadian_Bacon,This game is just as good as any far cry game in my opinion seeing as they play very similar. If you turn off aim assist it has satisfying gun play though not a huge selection of weapons they cover all the basics and you can mix up how you tackle any objective. I have not tried any online co op  but if the game is on sale you really can't go wrong if you like open world shooters.
76561198087534910,Recommended,223100,30626181,Posted: 19 March,all,rcboborob,"I loved playing this game. One reviewer claimed that it does not have a single original bone in its body, and this is true, but it delivers a solid shooter experience reminicient of the Crysis games. Accoringly, it is BEAUTIFUL! Definitely wait for a sale, but at a time when I just got Dark Souls 2, Doom and ROT Tomb Raider, it did enough to command my attention to complete it first, and for that it deserves a thumb up."
76561197994652859,Recommended,223100,30624901,Posted: 19 March,all,Shadow,"I don't understand how this game has worse ratings than for example Farcry 3. I wanted an open world shooter with stealth elements and not too much scripted gameplay, and I got exactly that. It looks amazing, ran fine on my gtx 1060 and overall I have not had many issues. I understand it must have been different at launch, based on what people wrote, but they seem to have fixed most of it."
,Not Recommended,223100,30636901,Posted: 20 March,all,GhostRoach,Nope. Really just not a fun game. Shooting is down right horrible.  Really can't look pass that and continue the story... not on a FPS game.
76561198005117291,Not Recommended,223100,30641708,Posted: 20 March,all,Hark,"A decent story in a well-realised setting, let down by incoherent and repetitive busywork missions."
76561198105119437,Recommended,223100,30474169,Posted: 12 March,all,Jacklary,"Buy it on 80% sale, play it and realise it is a solid game. The not so good part about this game are coop server is cool and dead ,capture stronghold repetitively like Farcry 3 ,Heart and Mind is boring and completely waste of time.Other than that it was okay. Voice of freedom give me a feeling like playing metro 2033/ last light. Aftermath make Ethan talk and stealth is actually quite fun here. Beyond the wall make Ethan talk again and the enviroment is beautiful and it has an ending that done pretty well."
,Recommended,223100,30473170,Posted: 12 March,all,Virus™,"Bought this game for 10€. It's completely worth this price, has a cool mixed feeling between the destroyed and ravaged world of ""The Division"" and single-player elements of ""Far Cry"". I enjoyed playing it.The story and characters are a tad clichée, but all in all it all fit well together.Just don't buy it at full price, I think you'd be disappointed then."
76561198027904813,Recommended,223100,30470049,Posted: 12 March,all,higgimonster,I bought this caues it was cheap and took place in Philly.It takes place in an urban environment they call Philly. So far nothing from actual Philly is in the game. I just want south street and batteries I can throw at santa.  The game does have bricks I can throw.I am really enjoying the game. Its FarCry: Cities. Guns are pretty and cool. Combat is fun. The city feels alive around you.I get 55FPS most of the time. Settings maxed.Some small bugs. Nothing gamebreaking. Very fun.
76561198139995785,Recommended,223100,30470103,Posted: 12 March,all,Mr Green,Not worth full 60 dollar price tag. Would recommend getting this game when it's on sale. Not a lot of replay value in the campaign.
76561198034193352,Recommended,223100,30459471,Posted: 11 March,all,Angel Bob,"Having invested a few hours into this game, I feel I can safely say that when bought on sale, it's totally worth it. I've been having a fun playing, and would recommend you pick it up if you have a chance. That being said, This game has crappy optimization and is not 100% on the port from consoles. It's very finnicky with graphics; things must be just so for you to have good framerate and keep load times to a minimum.As for the actual gameplay: It blends elements of Thief, Far Cry, and Dishonored. It does well to bring these disparate elements together, but the gameplay tends to bog down after a few base captures. It's fairly simple to collect many of the weapons in the first couple of hours, so a feel of progression is somewhat lacking. Certain items become available later, and upgrades are available, but it still seems to be lacking.Overall, this game is pretty good, though I was expecting a little more congruity with the previous Homefront game."
,Recommended,223100,30465843,Posted: 12 March,all,freemitch1357,"I didn't buy this game at launch because I was worried about how it would turn out. I sort of refret not doing that. Although the game isn't the greatest thing ever it does renew my faith that Triple A games can turn out good. If you look at Triple A games from from the last 3-5 years the all seem like cash grabs and lack a lot of polish and content that even indie developers are including nowadays. The weapon customization is really good. It is similar to the Crisis games but evolves upon that, as it allows you to completely change how a weapon functions. You can change an assault rifle to a lmg or or battle rifle to an antimaterial rifle. In addition to that you can also equip your weapons with a decent amount of attachments.The game is sort of similar to the Far Cry games (which I really enjoy) in the sense you are taking over an area and the way the game plays out. The game also includes elements of the Crisis games as I mentioned along with almost Sabetour elements with destroying enemy compounds and key components.Overall I would highly recommend this game for its interesting story and its well designed gameplay."
76561198055384699,Recommended,223100,30462514,Posted: 11 March,all,abugroza,"2 times crash at first timestuttering after a while (dunno if it my pc fault) close and start the game again usually fix itkinda glitchy graphical but not muchhaven't playing original homefront, but i don't wanna as i don't like straight fps (well full First Person Open world too in fact)and as far i play the story kinda dull, ""freedom fighter"" atmosphere is lacking. just feel like outlaw againts popular political fiction, even EA+IOI's freedom fighter feel more ""patriotic"" compared to thisand for good-got this game on sale for 80%-customizable weapon on the fly-kinda simple upgrade points-i hate K-POP and i can vent it in this (north, south what's the different? they all speak kimchi tho)still can be enjoyable, just get it on the sale, other wise,get a better story and gameplay for same price"
76561198209112045,Recommended,223100,30461070,Posted: 11 March,all,Vega MarX,"fun, couple of glitches"
76561198030609614,Recommended,223100,30500623,Posted: 13 March,all,Detail[Z],Homefront is a decent game when it's on sale!Pros:+Graphics good level of detail+Lots of weapon customization+Can recruite followers to help you in battle situations+Weapon sounds are pretty goodNeg:-Not enough gamplay for the price-Would have like to see more variety of weapons to customize-Should have an inventory system since you collect stuff :/-Different variety of enemines would have been nice to see-Would have like to seen some more character customizationOverall this is game is worth getting on sale!This game reminds of a mix of crysis 2 style concept and game mechanics of Dying light thrown together.Especially the looting in this game and search for items to create new items. Good game for the right price.Worth giving it a shot!7/10
76561198131656268,Recommended,223100,30510935,Posted: 14 March,all,KUTOP,Buy it nice game best story play for story it will be worth
,Recommended,223100,30509871,Posted: 14 March,all,chibbbaaa,"This game can be EXTREMELY frustrating and if I'm honest, had Ubisoft servers not been crap of late I'd by playing the division. However, because of that I have been regulated to play this which I picked up on sale for $10.For that money I would say, yes, its worth it. The thing of it though is that you REALLY CANT treat it like your typical FPS shooter, only anger lies that way. You need to treat this as a stealth game (at least until you start getting the hang of it) and when you get into the firefights, you need to treat it as a cover mechanic game because enemies can and will melt you in moments. Oh, and dont buy anything until you get the backpack upgrade and tatical vest.So, in other words, it's got a steep learning curve and a few things that make you think ""Why the hell did the devs do it that way?"" Ultimately, while it can still be pretty damn frustrating at times, I do find that I am enjoying it. Hmm, a FPS ""Souls""..."
,Recommended,223100,30510229,Posted: 14 March,all,Runescape,"TL;DR: An okay game by most standards, but perhaps not worth full price.Pros:(mostly) Solid controlsGuns don't feel like toysFair amount of single player contentCons:Gets a little repetitiveHas the same issue with the story the first game hadPseudo-parkour breaks easilymain story less fun than side missionsI remember fondly playing the first Homefront on the 360 years back, getting frustrated with how I couldn't do multiplayer since we had no internet and having fun with the single player, with some complaints. It's a similar story this time around. The single player is fun, with the open world elements presented simplistically and progression being rather reasonable if you take the time to enjoy the side missions. Main story is handed to you like a burnt steak in a burning resteraunt, you have nowhere to go and no other option but to eat the burnt steak as you wait out the fire. If you aren't the type to do side quests or general non-story tasks, this game will♥♥♥♥♥♥you off with the abundance of enemies and how little it will feel you have. you can get most items within the first couple areas if you do everything you can, but if you do strictly the main missions, you will hate this game. Buy it on sale, and you've got a good deal for the single player itself."
76561198024015457,Recommended,223100,30544691,Posted: 16 March,all,garrettj,This game is ok. Just ok. Got it on discount
,Recommended,223100,30526945,Posted: 15 March,all,R413,"A good start so far. This game has some potential, too bad I cant check the coop because nobody seems to be online :/"
,Not Recommended,223100,30565358,Posted: 17 March,all,Skrybz241,waaaaaaaaayyyy too many glitches and bugs. there is a ton of potential but the problems outway the positives currently
76561198169230350,Recommended,223100,30578252,Posted: 17 March,all,xDovahkiin,"<h1>Great game; 8/10 now that it's 2017 and it's cheap!</h1>Surprisingly i came to love this game, even though i heard lots of negativity about it before, so i started playing without expecting alot.. So let's start from the beginning:<b>€12,- in 2017 </b>I bought this game including all DLC's during a sale for €12,- in march 2017. Personally i really got my money's worth just from the vanilla game.<b>Only 1 glitch during entire base-campaign</b>Fortuneatly i did not experience enemies spawning in randomly in front or behind you like people said at launch over a year ago, so i ques they patched that issue. ( enemies may not appear on the minimap untill you are close or they are within your Line of Sight. So sometimes you randomly see a red dot on your mini-map which may seem like enemies are spawning, but they were already there - they just were not in your LOS )The only glitch i experienced during my campaign was that my animation got stuck while opening a door preventing me from moving. Just returning to the menu and continueing again resolved this issue for me.<b>Gameplay</b>1. Open World ProgressHomefront The Revolution is a open-world game, and if you are familiar with games like Far Cry then some gameplay elements are familiar. For example: the world-map is divided into 6-7 medium sized zones. You first start within 1 zone. In this zone is a revolution meter which starts on 0. The more stuff you accomplish within that zone, like capturing Strike Zones, outposts, story missions, turning on liberation radio's, saving civilians, destroying propoganda speakers etc.. the more this meter will grow within that zone. Once the meter reaches 100 you can start an open rebellion within that zone which enables you to get to the next zone. It also enables you to capture heavily guarded buildings like police stations because every citizen is riotting.What i really love about this is that the more the meter grows, the more you actually see people rebel and rise against the Koreans. For example people will spray graffity on walls, make fires, hang banners and flyers around the city etc.. So once it reaches 100 the block/zone you are in is completely transformed. It really feels like there is an actual rebellion happening while you play making it more realistic.2. Weapons, equipment and gearThere are a couple of basic weapons in the game: a pistol, shotgun, assault rifle, rocket launcher, marksman rifle and maybe one more that i might've forgotten. 5 Weapons may seem little but that's not all!; each of those  weapons can be converted into 2 more weapons on the go! For example you can transform the pistol into a machine-pistol, or a pneumatic-pistol which is silent. And the assault rifle can be transformed into a LMG and a grenade launcher. There are lots of possibility's even flamethrowers.Now besides converting a basic weapon, you can also add attachments to them like scopes, underbarrel laser sights or grips, silencers etc. This is also done without pausing the game. The animations look really cool when you are in cover in a firefight and transform your pistol into a machine-pistol, or attach an attachment.But wait there's more! There is also gear that you can buy which helps your stats; like kneepads will increase your crouch-speed and special boots will move your more silently etc. And lastly there is equipment. You got 4 basic equipment; vlameable, hacking, explosives and distraction. Each of these come in 4 variants; Throwable, proximity, remote-detonated, and RC-controlled. So in conclusion there's alot of toys to play with :).<b>Story</b>I won't spoil anything of what happends ingame. The game is about guerrilla style revolution, sneaking in the shadows and gaining more support from the population to get this revolution started. Throughout the game i actually felt like a resistance fighter. The story-missions are fun, i still remember all the characters, and loved the ending. Story's always something personal wether you like it or not, but the story helped me rate this game an 8. Without it i would have given it a 7.Conclusion: if you like open-world games and don't go in with any expactations this game might surprise you! And now that it's 2017 and the game has been patched/updated and only costs 12,- (on sale) there's really not a reason to not buy and play this."
,Not Recommended,223100,30573686,Posted: 17 March,all,vincentlo9012,Too many glitches and bugs
,Recommended,223100,30513869,Posted: 14 March,all,Speycs,"I have no idea why the reviews are mixed.For me this game is great at the end of the story (not the final ending but before it) game got little boring cause we were doing same things all the time, but it wasn't a long time only few missionsI really enjoyed playing this game it's well made and also the idea is not badThe game got pretty nice gameplayOnly con was the AI, it's not goodOverall it's worth buying and i recommend to buy this game when it goes on salenice"
76561197994894266,Recommended,223100,30583505,Posted: 17 March,all,Zosyn,"Was concerned with the bad reviews, however, this is a pretty fun game.'Campaign' is immersive.Resistance mode is challenging and lots of fun in co-op!Bought it on super sale but I'd pay the current $40 price no problem..."
76561198373112725,Recommended,223100,30487409,Posted: 13 March,all,Khan823,Compared to what the majority of reviews say I thinks this game is excellent. Its really just farcry 3 with no story line and weapon mods
,Recommended,223100,30484938,Posted: 12 March,all,DieselE,"It kidda like Farcry games. But i dont really like the silent 3rd person character in the game. Overall, it is a good game."
,Recommended,223100,30484847,Posted: 12 March,all,MrSaxman®,"I remember when this game was showcased at E3 2014, it looked amazing and the hype train started. But over the course of changing developers this game really didn't live up to it's hype at launch. At that time it had a $60 price tag, and after reading the reviews I thought ""Eh, well that's a shame. It really could have been cool"". I didn't think anything about it until I saw the sale last week. $10 for the game and $8 for the season pass. A really good deal, but it wasn't made out to be that good of a game. But nevertheless I bought it anyway. Now after playing only 10 hours I can say that this game rocks. The world is so detailed and the graphics are truely amazing. The game is basically Far Cry, but instead of focusing on the scale of the world, it's just super detailed. Now the story isn't that good at all, the voice acting is cheesy at best, the weapon selection is very small, and a lot of combat mechanics (Ex. Stealth) don't really work. But geez for $10 this game is super fun. It isn't perfect, but for that lowered price it is one of the most fun games I've played in a while. Wait for this to go on sale. I think you'll find that it's just a simple fun shooter, with a lot to offer."
76561198032942803,Recommended,223100,30482937,Posted: 12 March,all,biddyearlyman,"Recommend on sale. Amusing title that is executed OK for what it is. Story is so-so but only serves to drive your motives a little to keep it from being REALLY repetitive. Fans of the old game ""Freedom Fighters"" might appreciate it as it gives me a warm fuzzy feeling of nostalgia, but in 1st person instead of 3rd. 4 hrs in and it can be decently challenging. Repetitive? Sure, but what game in the genre isn't? I think the folks that paid full price are just angry from buyers remorse. Game in it's current state is definitely worth the sale buy. I'd even pay 20 for it."
,Recommended,223100,30483032,Posted: 12 March,all,KulakActual,"Really liked the story (even if it was basic futurisitic red dawn). The gameplay was good as well, while could get repetitive in each zone, it was still fun to switch between stealth, and going beserk torching people with the flamethrower."
,Recommended,223100,30417596,Posted: 9 March,all,Draxonfly,"Not bad. Definitely not as good as the Origional Homefront game in writing/story and play.This game if fine and is fun enough, but I wish they carried on the story and setting from the Origional Homefront rather then this poor ReBoot of it.. I don't understand why they couldn't.."
76561197972459663,Recommended,223100,30501174,Posted: 13 March,all,Zadul,The game is fun but I wish it included a coop campaign mode.  The only coop play is mission based.
,Recommended,223100,30502175,Posted: 13 March,all,ADirtyScrub,"Picked it up for 10$. Not a mindblowing game, but definately got my 10$ worth out of it. I guess they fixed a lot of the issues somewhere along the way. If you want a cool FPS pick it up on sale."
,Recommended,223100,30495393,Posted: 13 March,all,xptonile-YT,"Epic game, good action, good puzzles, epic graphics, good job deep silver."
,Recommended,223100,30460405,Posted: 11 March,all,Justin J (PuNk),"it's like homefront, meets half life 2, meets far cry 3 and up.open worldpost apocalypticloot stuffkill people loot themdo missionstake over basesbuy and upgrade weaponsgreat graphicsseems to run smoothlysneak up on your enemies and stealth kill, or go gunz blazingrecruit people to travel with you and help on your missionsi don't get why this got so many negative reviews, in my honest opinion this is so much better than the first game. the first game was ok but felt to much like call of duty, which isn't a game i care for.though i just started and am not very far i give this 9/10.this review will be updated in the future"
76561198057875615,Recommended,223100,30476778,Posted: 12 March,all,Dimos,"Captured everything and finished the campaign in 18 hours. Definitely not worth 50 euros, Thankfully I got it while on sale..."
76561197972625585,Recommended,223100,26444584,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,BIG_C,"I picked it up after all the patches and I enjoyed it very much. The world is split up into sectors and essentially every sector is an ""open world"". You normally start in a section and the North Koreans (what a stupid storyline though) control the sector. You move through the map and take over key buildings, doing flash missions, finding hideouts with loot and ammo, jumping around on rooftops until you finally own most of the section, or at least enough to get to the next part of the story.Then you move onto the next sections and repeat. I liked it because when you own an entire section you basically run around with impunity and your guns out blazing. When you go into a new sector there are now guys everywhere again so you have to revert back to a stealth mode and sneak around again until you build up more safe controlled areas.I love the style of game play, the weapons, just the storyline is really dumb (NK taking over the US through backdoors in tech).However I say that and the voice acting and character subplots are fairly interesting which kept me engaged for most of the game. It was really fun and I revisit it every couple months now. Can't wait for this expansion.btw I play 4K@45-60 FPS with an amd-8350 and nvidia 1070"
,Recommended,223100,26438847,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,H3 | Salt Collector,Cool game if you like apocalyptic style game.
76561198001729942,Recommended,223100,25472048,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,catmorbid,"I grabbed the game during the Steam free weekend, and after about 4 hours, decided to buy it with the discounted price, and in my opinion it's fully worth it. Certainly not worth the bad reputation, regardless of how bad it was at launch.It's easily one of the best looking games out there at the moment. I especially love how they use dynamic lights a lot and night scenes are most of the time visually astonishing.Story is average, gameplay is good, visuals are top notch and performance is very good. The world could be more reacting and persistent, and there are enemies that seem to appear from nowhere at times, but other than that, I don't have anything negative to say. There's also some kind of co-op, but I haven't tried that.It's definitely worth the 24 euro price tag it has at the moment.+Great atmosphere (audio and visuals)+Runs great+Looks beautiful+Solid gameplay-Alternate timeline premise is a bit silly-Lack of dynamic behaviour in the game world"
76561198320867397,Recommended,223100,25466872,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Requiesce in pace,"GREAT GAME, first of all i have waited a few months now for the patches to kick in! but man the wait was totally worth it.i've heard of the game's glitches and bugs,etc... but at this state i can asure you it is amazingly fine and well balanced,the fps is also balanced no more game crashing bugs,the overall experience was worth it. HF:TR has everything a open world game need and it really lives upto the ""open world"" genre,a decent story with bunch of decent characters like moon jesus she's crazy, however there were some cons to it like the weapon customization was very limited i mean VERY limited for each weapon and there was nothing exept kust bikes wich were all the same! jesus,u could at least add more variety to bikes right?! no color customization for anything not guns nor bikes,but the pros are more than the cons and beside the stuff i said, i really had a fun experience throught the game though i havnt yet finished it. i vote 7/10."
76561197985856403,Recommended,223100,25467141,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Bloody Five,"Fantastic and underrated gameHomefront: The Revolution is an open-world shooter with an interesting twist.Instead of destroying outpostd and embarking on a collectathon, you liberate a city and fight against a foreign occupation force.The gunplay is smooth with intesresting with well-implemented customization options.The game alternates between zones where you fight and zones where you must blend and try to keep a low profile. In general, the game is really good at simulating guerilla warfare and forces you to adopt hit and run tactics. I was particulary impressed with the way the game depicts the daily reality of living ounder occupation. The collaborators quarters was a very impressive piece of world building and environmental storytelling.The story is classic but well told with well defined characters and interesting dynamics.The game sufferrs from minor performance issue but  it's running fine on 1080p medium on my old toaster.In all honestly, I don't understand the torrent of negative reviews as it's one of the best and most refreshing  open world shooters I have played in years."
,Not Recommended,223100,23284788,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,P-90x,"Its a great Game Overall. There is just one MAJOR problem when I play and thats Im stuck on one base and It wont unlock the door for me. I toss all the hack tools I can get my hands on under a fence and it supposedly hacks the Box into opening the door, However The door will refuse to open. I cant break the door with bolt cutters either.  GAME WAS TOO LAGGY"
,Recommended,223100,23047135,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,thehelmosengine,"*I've updated my review and scrapped my old review as the devs fixed all the problems.Nooooow I must say this game is gorgeous.  I was so psyched today when I got home and saw a huge update patch.  I can't wait to play more now.  I tried it out today and sli appears to be working, the shadow flickers are gone and the controls are so smooth.  The stuttering is gone too.  Wow what a good job they did fixing the issues.  Could've been a bit faster, but whatever they ended up fixing everything and doing it well.  As I said I'd do before once the game was fixed I now think this game is super fun and looks amazing.  Thanks so much for fixing the game Devs!!!"
76561198000237795,Recommended,223100,25810269,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,kyvitti84,its not bad but not that great either.
76561198007880337,Recommended,223100,25852734,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,darrenmills70,"Runs smooth,and love playing without the hub turned on.Single player game that is not 80% cinematics and 20% hand held game play, cough ""COD"""
76561197970293231,Not Recommended,223100,25647679,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,Krodge,"Farcry: Red Dawn.Its ok. Much much better than the original. But still nothing amazing.If you enjoy a zero challange forumalic open world game with lots of mind numbing busy work then you'll like this.-EditOriginally I gave it a thumbs up, Now changing my review to negative since I've encountered a bunch of game breaking bugs right near the end, That wont let me progress without having to replay a massive section of the game.No thanks."
76561197989566956,Recommended,223100,26356930,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,RenzyFrenzy,Just like far cry but in an urban area. nice visuals too
,Recommended,223100,26109334,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,TrevorCholmes,"Homefront: The Revolution was a lot of fun. The playstyle was what I was expecting and the game has entertained me to this point. There are bugs here and there, but nothing that will break the game. It looks visually pleasing and plays smooth during all points of the game. Simple fun that is totally worth the SALE price."
76561198069165617,Recommended,223100,26101348,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,FadeBlade,"Honestly the game wasn't that bad. the story seemd ok and the mission structure and all the around seems fine.I refunded but only because i didn't had fun with this game.I don't know why, just wasn't really statisfied with this game.I do recommend it to anyone willing to try it because you might just be the person that find this game fun.gonna leave a positive review even though i refunded. I don't think this game is bad, i personnaly just didn't had fun playing it"
76561198001550234,Recommended,223100,26093559,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,MajorMud,"After patches and such, this game is pretty awesome. I really enjoyed it. The action was intense and it was a real challange in some parts. I now strongly recommend this game."
76561197965412043,Not Recommended,223100,30818637,Posted: 29 March,all,Balls of Steel,"For me this is a bit disappointing. It didn't feel like a revolution. It's more like a MMORPG with daylies. Totaly annoying ""Go activate x of that thing, kill y of that type of enemy, shoot z with that type of weapon"". Sorry that totaly pulls me out of the story and depth of the game. It feels like a usual one of a million game. And the motorcycle has physics that not eaven a game is good for....Thus, breaking these peaces apart, it has potential concerning storyline and game mechanics. Well who ever decided to make it a cheap game like intruduced in the first sentences: You need to rethink your logic. Do you wan't to bore and annoy the ppl doing all the time the same think that you copyed from various games that annoy the same way, or do you want to surpise?Well decent in short."
,Recommended,223100,25568013,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,vizibal,"I tried this game on a Free Weekend and decided to buy it. The graphics are awesome. You can carry two primary and a secondary weapon at a time, but all of those can be converted to two more on the fly (does SW Republic Commando ring any bells?). As of the current patch (v1.06 I believe), the game seems stable.The issues are all related to stealth: enemies are spawning too frequently and too close to the player, the detection/alert system needs a complete overhaul. Only the pistol and SMG can be equipped with a silencer in single player mode. To have a viable medium/long range silenced weapon, you have to fully upgrade the crossbow. Otherwise, the gameplay is fine, you have plenty of weapons, attachments and gadgets to fit your playstyle. It's an open world game divided into war zones and heavily policed regions.There is no PvP, only co-op missions on separate maps."
,Recommended,223100,25463377,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Mr Machine Head,"Not played a huge amount of the game, a little of the story and a little of the online and so far, I quite like it. Most likely going to buy it too.Seeing a lot of hate for this game and I'm unsure why to be honest.The headshot sound is ♥♥♥♥worthy!  <3"
,Recommended,223100,25463962,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,ಌдXPayи€,"I played the game during the free weekend. This game is a perfect fusion of Farcry, Crysis, Freedom Fighters, Metro just without their charm. The problems which I noticed were some weird clipping bug on some doors & fences and some stuttering while saving the game. Other than that it gave me a steady 60-70 FPS. But most importantly it was fun while playing and I'll probably be getting this in future when its on sale.My Rating: 6/10"
76561198035216716,Recommended,223100,25429578,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,FacelessShovel,"Currently playing on the free weekend, but I intend to buy it after.No graphical or performance issues for me. It seems the latest patches have fixed the game and made it very smooth.The game itself is like a cross between Far Cry 3/4 and Red Faction: Guerilla. Early impression is to rate it 8/10."
,Recommended,223100,25432251,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,ninja85a,great game looks amazing :D but could do with some performance improvements
,Recommended,223100,23048392,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,CosmicHobo,"I want to like this game. I haven't pplayed it very long at all but I am noticing some very VERY irritating things already.Firstly, the POOR optimization. I am running significantly powerful hardware:Titan X SLI (Which game does not support)6700K3 Samsung 2TB SSDs32GB of DDR4 RamWith that said, on 1440p, settings maxed out I can expect as low as 30ish frames in some areas. For me, 30 frames is not acceptable, despite it being ""playable"".Secondly, the ridiculous clipping.When I first got rescued, I could see through Walker and onto the floor beneath him.Then, he gave me a really cool phone, which I decided I would put my fingers through as I admired them.Thirdly... And this is more of a personal thing... But I like to be able to see my avatar's body in game. And this game does it, but does it in a silly way. I look down and it looks like I have jutted my hips forwards, keeping my feet under them, and then slide my upper torso just straight back. Literally an impossible position to achieve as you would likely sever your spinal cord.Onto the actual game though...Clearly I haven't played much. But my first impressions are this: It has potential, I really like the setting. I want to like this game. The gunplay is meh. I couldn't seem to really hit anything with my pistol at any kind of range (Not a FPS noob, love FPS, not to shabby at them) so not sure if the game just hates the pistol and wants you to use it CQB exlcusively and not even just short ranges.I want to like this game, I really do, but because the state of its release, it needs some cleaning up before I can recommend it.EDIT 09/07/2016Ok, so they've smoothed out performance quite a bit and everything seems stable. I still haven't messed with story mode but I do enjoy Resistance mode a great deal.Gunplay takes some getting used to, but all in all its ok. Not spectacular, but definitely not bad."
76561198134530322,Recommended,223100,25449668,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,#Gym life,I didnt read eny reveiws about this game before i played it and also finished it . I really enjoyed it its alot like far cry 4 but in a city
76561198019774106,Recommended,223100,25465916,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Bizzy651,I think a good game I haven't run into any bugs. Very simular to farcry. I played the freeway then bought the game.
,Recommended,223100,25450946,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,blabbedyblah,Wow am I faving fun with this one. I'm really not sure what people were expecting but if you like FarCry you will love this.
,Recommended,223100,25453872,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,OceanMan,not that bad
,Recommended,223100,30824282,Posted: 29 March,all,Milkman,Vive la révolution!
76561198077859145,Recommended,223100,30825717,Posted: 29 March,all,luksm23,"Overall I think this is a a good game to buy on sale.  There are many things to dislike about it (player custumization, lack of a prone position, predictable AI and poor enemy vareity and believeability...they all look the same, and there is this mechanized bad guy that takes a lot of bullets to put down, and I'mthinking....wtf?What is the point?  I dont want to sound racist but what asian is going to be seven feet tall and big enough to play as a lineman for any NFL team?  It' s silly)  but this game does some things right.  I enjoy the enviroment.  I think the devs wanted to show what an urban warzone looks like, but have things in it that Americans can identify with.  I enjoy going out sniping from ruined buildings, listening to the ambient sound effects of gun fire in the distance and I think that maybe this caught just a little of what sarejvo was like, or what Aleppo is like currently.  The story is interesting and I like how the background of the game has changed to suit the conquerors of America, the Chine--the Koreans.   In the first game there was an EMP....Now there is some bogus story about the Koreans turning an off switch on the military that the Americans bought from them, andt he Koreans are on the North American continent in order to recoup the money America owes them and to provide humanitarian assistance. There was never a sneak attack.  Don't believe it.    It is ashame there is no mulitplayer community to speak of.  I'd like to check that out."
76561198132088412,Not Recommended,223100,25794719,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Light Yagami,For some reason it black screens after i complete the first part locating the tunnels. and it freezes forcing me to close it with tm. Will write a better review if it gets fixed but as of right now it's kinda annoying.
76561198050456603,Recommended,223100,26562649,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Adorno,"[I have not played co-cop]Very enjoyable, although not without issues.Mainly the AI is not very ""I"". Enemies don't engage in tactics so there isn't much replay value.You can ask fellow rebels to join you, but not give them specific orders, so no tactics there either.The logic is sometimes strange, not to mention how the story itself is pretty odd.E.g. in yellow zones you can do extensive sabotage and then hide until authorities stop looking.Only you can do this over and over in a fairly small scene. It would take them perhaps 1 day to search all houses,but they'll never find you in the dumpster. A mass murderer is loose but they go ""nah"" after looking around for 1 min.It is a game though, so you can forgive some silly logic.It's not particularly well optimised, but runs fine on mid-high settings in 2560 x 1440 (60hz) on my rig*.I played through the entire campaign with no game breaking bugs,and I believe many of the smaller ones have been fixed by now.The weapon customisation works really well and is funSo if you have a decent PC, enjoy these types of sandbox shooters, and don't expect too much, it might be worth it.*i7 5820K 3.3 GHz CPU16 GB RAMGeforce GTX 960"
76561197991154213,Recommended,223100,25449982,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,_jema987,"A bit cheesy and dodgy here and there but performance is solid, it looks fantastic and the gameplay is fun.The DLC is good but awfully short at about 3h a piece, so unless you bought the season pass on sale don't bother."
76561198114893010,Recommended,223100,26546033,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,TheKillroyGamer,"this game was amazing, I loved it, minor issues here and there, but it makes sense as to why there are issues, I am really glad I bough this game, and I got to say, I hope thq nordic makes more content in the homefront series"
76561198119619446,Recommended,223100,30435304,Posted: 10 March,all,Frosty,At the time of this review I have about 3 1/2 hours into the game. I would like to start this review by saying this game is pretty underrated. Yes this game does have its issues but it is a pretty entertaining game.The first point I would like to adress is that yes they have fixed the crashing and the freezing. I have yet to crash and have froze once for about 3 seconds.Secondly if you see reviews bashing the writing of the game they do have some reason to complain. The writing of this game is by far not amazing but it is not horrible at the same time.Thirdly the shooting part of the game is pretty good. It will take some time to adjust to the game but once you have had time to adjust it is very entertaining.Finally I would like to say that if you can get this game on sale then go for it. However I would not pay the full price of the game. I would instead go for a game such as Farcry.
,Recommended,223100,30436864,Posted: 10 March,all,Potato Joe,Word of advice:READ THE ♥♥♥♥ING MINIMUM SYSTEM REQUIREMENTS!
76561198006576906,Not Recommended,223100,30439155,Posted: 10 March,all,Flashback,"I kinda liked the first Homefront game because it just felt pretty nice to play - even if the plot was shocking.So I purchased 'The Revolution' on a thought that it would be much the same, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ plot, good weapons and decently fun.But, all you get is bugger all choice in guns, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ plot, horrible movement, horrible lag, horrible pop-in distance (etc..)Really, if you want a open world FPS, get Farcry (and I dont even really like Farcry..)"
,Recommended,223100,30450273,Posted: 11 March,all,Ractre,"Defenatly recomended at sale price, i'm not convinced the full price with all DLCs is worth it though."
,Recommended,223100,30449707,Posted: 11 March,all,My Couch Pulls Out But I Don't,Such a fun and great game.
,Recommended,223100,30451387,Posted: 11 March,all,Kenshin csgo500,"It's a decent game but not worthy his full price. Got this on a 80% sale, and for that i recommend it."
76561198035761512,Recommended,223100,25542214,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,rexy,"Amazing, really really goodit is worth it, and in case anyone else had this issue, if you try to load, and it wont work, load up a more later save and then it should be all good :DI hope that the devs make a newer and better version in the future, not that this one isnt good, it has its goods and bads, but I'm keen to see what other products await the homefront series.Ps.  please fix AI bugs.  For example, when i look at enemy peace keepers, then turn around, then look back again, they disappear!  please fix this.  And please try and make it feel more real, like, civis are more scared and view the news , etc.Overall:  8 / 10"
76561198005154085,Recommended,223100,30766461,Posted: 26 March,all,Vasdeferon,Call of Duty: FarCry Warfare
,Recommended,223100,30763092,Posted: 26 March,all,Sierra,"A very fun gamePlaying like a resistance fighter is how I got the most out of the game,Taking out enemies one by one, be prepared for any enemy, avoiding fights when possible, running when not, and staying to fight if you know you will win.Unless it's a protection phase. I've died alot during them.The multiplayer is also very fun, even though there is not many people playing."
76561197974487036,Not Recommended,223100,23084860,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Try This At Home Kids,This game trys as hard as it can to suck. Glitches glitches glitches. Terrible save system. WIthout a very serious update this game is worth about $9.99! Skip it.
,Recommended,223100,23045578,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,⇋ɌλⱫ☢Ɍ⇌ẆłɌΣ⇌,"The game is a lot of fun the AI is stupid and spawns enimies right on top of you a lot, which gets irritating yet funny when the npc tuns its back to duck away fome you while you standing behind them. But still fun"
76561198048632863,Not Recommended,223100,30754775,Posted: 26 March,all,BAT,"Finished the Main Mission , Now on to the Aftermath DLC. I feel like Developers should have made this game more stealthyPretty much a Far Cry in Philly. I enjoyed the first one but not this installment. Gear type sucks. We can steel goliath but cant steel NORKS weapons , gears. Seems very funny to me. Better Luck Next time DEVs."
76561197985607085,Recommended,223100,30768055,Posted: 27 March,all,Hattori Hanzo,great immersion single player. long story mode with lots to do.
,Recommended,223100,30765533,Posted: 26 March,all,Lobobear7,Better than the first one. It's pretty much better in every way than the first. Hope the devs create a follow-up to this otherwise underated FPS.
,Recommended,223100,30718597,Posted: 24 March,all,Ghost,"My very late review yo yo yoI'm glad I gave this game a second chance. So I bought it while on sale and didn't expect a game so similar to Farcry.. The only difference is the setting of the game is in a city and there is an awesome on the spot gun modding while on combat, Resistance recruit system is fun too but sometimes the AI is dumb af!!!The story is fine and the side missions are repetitive but you have a bit of freedom on how to approach it... go guns blazing, assasinate them silently one by one, or just troll them by throwing bricks and laugh at the dumb AI. hahaahaThe AI Spawn points are random and not realistic once you get detected by the Airship and your minimap will be filled with red dots in seconds but it's a good challenge for FPS freaks out there.Overall, I think the games is just okay and does not deserve a low rate at all.Respect for the game developers for trying to fix the issues.BTW..If you had issues with crashing and black screen every 10-15 mins. or sometimes random.Just close Rivatuner if you have that app and if it still occurs exit MSIAfterburner.or close any monitoring active apps you have in your pc.For a few more FPS, I recommend tweaking your nvidia control panel.Maximum Pre-rendered frames = 1 or higherMulti-display/Mixed-GPU Acceleration= Single Display Performance modePower Management mode= Prefer Maximum QualityShader Cache= OnV-sync= On or just use In-GameHope this helps you cuz mine was running at 49-55 when I first started and now its at 55-60.Have a nice day!"
,Recommended,223100,30519821,Posted: 14 March,all,Sludgemonster Von Crapenstein,"it's not great. kind of annoying but it's kept my attention. doesn't deserve the bad rap it has though. If you liked Farcry 3 or 4, and this game is on sale for under 10 bucks, then I say go for it. Don't expect an experience as good as Farcry though. Not even close. Except the ""serious"" dialog is comical and cringey. That's a plus."
,Recommended,223100,30429574,Posted: 10 March,all,Cal - twitch.tv/Hoachin,"It's alright, not as bad as everyone makes out.worth picking up on sale."
76561198105009367,Not Recommended,223100,30718852,Posted: 24 March,all,Natho,"Bugs, the story was way too scripted. But the gameplay is okay but repetitive, so i would say no."
,Recommended,223100,30519059,Posted: 14 March,all,JadedApprentince,"Great game, I'd say you could get a fine 15 hours of campaign time if you only went for the main plot, but upto 35+ if you want to be a completionist.Overall combat mechanics are great, love the weapon customization and systems that they put in. Once you get the assault rifle and its conversion kits then your basically set for the rest of the game if you play your cards right and upgrade them. Upgrading weapons will make your life a lot better in the long run.Does have its flaws, and so far I've had none that have been game-breaking throughout the campaign. I would only say that this game is a little overpriced for what it offers, as such I'd only recommend buying it on sale like I did for 50% off ($10 instead of the regular $20).Story is great, mechanics are great, overall fun and enjoyable game for those that enjoy a hint of strategy, FPS-style elements, and a convincing story, with a lot of challenge and fun to boot."
76561197992492816,Recommended,223100,30517353,Posted: 14 March,all,Joe,"A lot of disappointment with this one.   I think some of it is residual from some release bugs.  I had a problem getting it to launch.  I checked online for ideas, and I switched off my iobit protection services, and that got me up and running.  No, people shouldn't have to seek out solutions that way; after all, my other games work fine; so I can understand how people could get really frustrated by that, especially when they're eager to play.That said, it also took me an afternoon to realize I was essentially playing FAR CRY, but in an urban setting.  It uses the CRY ENGINE, the controls, binoculars, targeting, capturing, and MAIN MISSIONS are almost alike.  That's not a bad thing, because FAR CRY is fun.  So is this game.It's not original, really.  But it is done well.  I haven't seen anywhere near the excellent story telling or characters of FAR CRY 3.  In fact, your own player isn't voiced.  That's kind of a big deal right there, and very different from FAR CRY, and not in a good way.  But I'll tell you what!  Get in there and start fighting, and see if you aren't having every bit as much fun as you do with other games.As far as performance goes, I have a GTX 970, 4690k, and 16G RAM.  I can't turn everything on without ruining the performance, but I can select HIGH and add more features from there without taking a hit on the frame rate.  And this is a good looking game!I recommend this one, now that it is apparently past its buggy stage, to anyone who likes shooters.  And you can grab four AI soldiers to fight along side you.  You need them, too, or you are a DEAD MAN.Have fun.  And guys, it may not be perfect, or better than some of its predecessors from which it is derived, but someone did a helluva lot of honest work on this, and I'd like to say, ""Thanks,"" and ""Kudos,"" on a great game.And now, I've gotta get back to the carnage (sounds awful, doesn't it?  What's wrong with us?) ...Later"
76561198128042409,Recommended,223100,30496256,Posted: 13 March,all,matty,"I got this game on sale for 9,99 and it was worth every penny. The story lasted for around 15 to 20 hours and while it can get repretetive at times I really liked some of the gameplay elements and the general way in which the game handles itself. Riling up the populace and taking strike points is a lot of fun !I encountered one sound glitch throughout and it was really only a minor nuisance. No other technical issues and it ran smoothly on my relatively outdated system (GTX 660 Ti, FX8350  @ 4.2 GHz, 16 GB RAM)The multiplayer looks good so far as well allthough I haven't played that a whole lot of it. I like that you can customize and build up your character though so I'll probably be sinking some hours into that too.Overall I recommend buying this game but in retrospect I probably wouldn't wanna buy it for full price. Anything under 30 bucks is well worth it though in my opinion.Viva la revolution !"
76561198044731532,Recommended,223100,30493669,Posted: 13 March,all,He's coming...,"""Don't believe the Hype""; was a good song by Public Enemy that has served me well during life. It applies even better when it comes to all the BAD HYPE this game has gotten. With that said, at least now that its been patched a bit, its definetely worth a buy, especially if you want to play Far Cry 5 and you don't excpect much anymore from UBISOFT."
76561198129209439,Recommended,223100,31000229,Posted: 7 April,all,Blyat,"This game has potential, it's very fun to play and do whatever else you can do. Although, some things are lacking. You can't go stealth, No one on Co-op (But that's not the developers fault.) AI have no common sense, AI just spawn over and over again, and bugs. There are plenty more reasons to go around why this is bad, although a couple changes and this could be THE game of 2017. I really see potential here, the developers shouldn't throw it away."
,Recommended,223100,31944770,Posted: 24 May,all,Eze,"While not an example of exellence, there's something to like here. Maybe it's because the game was released (and patched to make it more acceptable) far from Far Cry games releases, maybe it's because there's so few games that try to capture the guerrilla warfare in gameplay.You'll have to use hit and run tactics, sabotages, assassinations of oficials. This is one of the best aspects for the game and real fun to pull up. If you're not efficient the game will punish with a death that does not ruin your progress, only makes you lose your junk to sell.Gunplay may seem bad because the guns are unweldly. They're are, but if you purchase the right attachments you'll have the sense of progress of improving your arsenal. No weapon feels really redundant.When you purchase a foregrip for your SMG you'll get a very competent combat weapon. The crossbow has bolt fallof but if you we're a patient Half Life 2 player, you'll know how to use it.And the car kits and proximity mines really gives you a lot of alternatives with crafting grenades. Car kits are a little hard to use, but a real joy to strike and sabotage with them.History and characters did a good job for the setting, and the dilapidated philly atmosphere is very well done. The AI still has some oddities, like rare acts of idiocy, xrays that let 'em see trough walls, and animation foibles, but they were so rare that I can forgive it.The Freedom fighter bundle is a great pack that gives plus hours of SP content allong with this meaty game, so maybe you'll want to purchase that directly if you really like what you see or read about this title,If you demand excellence in execution you'll be hard pressed to call this game worthy, but if you get it in a deal is really, really sweet. I have a huge backlog and tried it because a good deal, but then I just couldn't stop playing it. It's really riveting even with how rough it is. A diamond in rough."
76561197972019865,Recommended,223100,31963191,Posted: 25 May,all,mstangsvtcobra98,I dont understand the hate for this game. Sure its got its problems I havent played a game that doesnt. I thoroughly enjoyed this game and the DLC. Its challenging and has some good ideas that I think were implemented well. Plus I liked the story. Nothing like fighting a revolution using guerilla tactics in an open envirnoment.
76561198321644130,Recommended,223100,32020917,Posted: 28 May,all,Mr.Sli.Crossfire,Homefront turned out to be a great shooter. I know it had its problems at first but they got it fixed.
76561198282462657,Recommended,223100,32019647,Posted: 28 May,all,arijitroy034,This game could have been better...but with the bugs and dumb AI it feels bad...the enemy seems to run around like idiots waiting to be killed...the plot is quite good and the story could have been better...the weapon customization is really cool and gameplay is also not bad and an essence of puzzle solving also present in the game...dont go for this game if you want to play multiplayer because anyone hardly appears in the matchmaking to play with you...only buy this game if you get a discount...as i did..
76561198067538549,Recommended,223100,31984392,Posted: 26 May,all,C R O S E R,"I grap it on sale despite the negative review,I feel mixed about it,don't know wether to hate or like itit has some good and bad stuff,I hate bad dialog and bad acting,repetitve capture missin but I like the shooting and the graphic,I say it's worth it only on sale"
76561198053942148,Recommended,223100,32008881,Posted: 27 May,all,Cockatiel,"EDIT: You can also play the first two story levels of Timesplitters 2 in this game, the Dam level, and the Chicago level. It's kind of sad that they didn't put in all the story missions though, that would have made it the best easter egg ever!I'm no businessman, but they should probably go ahead and release a full Timesplitters 2 port on Steam. It would surely sell incredibly well, and it's sad to see the efforts to port this small section of the game go to waste since lots of people aren't playing this game because of how it launched.Very fun game! Was worried about the concerns over bugs and performance issues which the game launched with. But for me this game is running flawlessly, excellent performance and graphics, no crashes, no problems alt-tabbing and browsing the web.Pros:First-person motorcycle puzzle platforming and parkourGood shooting mechanicsDetailed maps with believable interiors and exteriorsYou can fight in war zones, or blend in with the crowd in more secure areas for some stealth gameplay.You can recruit buddy's to follow you around.Interesting story with lots of twists.Con's:You have to press '0' to holster your weapon, which is needed to blend in in the secure areas. This actioncannot be bound to another key like most other controls can. I would have liked to have moved it over to 4 or something, since the gasmask auto equips anyway, and is kind of useless.Sometimes, the areas you have to capture can have objectives that are too obtuse, like finding some medical suppliesaround an abandoned hospital building, but it never tells you that they are on some windows up above, and you can only get them down by shooting them, or where you have to use a bike to power up a certain generator, but you don't know how to get the bike there.The game uses a few unique feeling guns, instead of many guns that feel the same. But some guns you wont want to be without, like the mine launcher, which autolocks onto vehicles and blows them up quickly. Some weapons outshine the others, so there is little reason to change your loadout at higher difficulties. The flamethrower is sadly uselss, and the crossbow is useless too. You can equip three weapons, and each weapon can be turned into one of three forms when ever you want, so the crossbow/pneumatic shotgun/flamethrower weapon kind of feels like a waste. The Assault Rifle/LMG/mine launcher is something you wont want to be without, because it is too powerful.The online Co-op mode is dead though, you can still play by yourself, but you have to have an online connection to play by yourself, which kind of sucks. It would be better if you could play the co op missions offline with your custom character, skills and equipment, but there isn't much reason too, since the maps in the multiplayer are the same as in single player, but there are different objectives to complete."
,Not Recommended,223100,31823875,Posted: 18 May,all,Exile,"A more or less unfinnished product, constant crashes and lagg spikes."
76561198049777872,Recommended,223100,31826703,Posted: 18 May,all,ogwelx,"Solid beginning, great mid game gameplay. Horrible, ham fisted ending. Third act problems are to be expected, so no real loss there.Gunplay is solid, controls take a little getting used to but that's only because the designers wante to give the player as many tactical options as possible.Crytek engine is, as always, stunning.Audio and effects are actually kind of the best part of the game. Loved the resistance radio, wished I had it via a pip-boy or something.Only real faults- kinda ran out of things to do with the money and faction currency(but that may be more because of my completionist nature and not a design flaw). Also- needs better ai- both for your resistance backup as well as the KPA goon squad."
76561197983784591,Recommended,223100,31810004,Posted: 17 May,all,DirtyStiv,After few updates games is rely good optimised for low gpu like gtx765m and now i am soo bad i did not preorder game.Its difirent then first 1 and story is difrent but still good game to play.Worth of bying!!!
,Recommended,223100,31863940,Posted: 20 May,all,Mido_Elprince,love it sooo hard .
76561198026806745,Recommended,223100,31849901,Posted: 19 May,all,Two Gun Bob,"This should get an award for 'Most Improved Series'. The first homefront suffered from a multitude of gameplay problems; the story was on rails, there was seldom more than one tedious way to accomplish a given objective, the map was small and confining, and to make it all worse the NPCs were constantly getting in the way.This is like night and day. Revolution has a large open (but zoned) map, plenty of side quests, lots and lots of ways to do a given mission, or skip many of them if you prefer. The loadout customization options really do offer different ways to play. The physics, the graphics and the UI are great in this one, and the AI makes for decently believeable opponents. This is very much like Red Faction functionally, and it works well for the storyline.I've had no crashes running win 10, i7, 16GB, GTX1080 and the graphics are really good and smooth. The only frustrations I have had so far, and this was really bad in the original, are that cutscenes are not skippable and your buddy NPCs still get in your way in places. But there are far fewer cutscenes in this one, most story prompts are voiceover. And the world is so open that the NPC blockage is avoidable and manageable. In a world of overpriced one-hit-wonders, this sequel actually saves the series."
76561198003082950,Recommended,223100,31857505,Posted: 20 May,all,Shredd0r,"Had fun with it for days. If you are looking for a solid shooter, I can really reccomend it.Compared to FarCry3, the world is much denser but the story much shallower.+ great graphics+ big world+ always something to do+ detailed, vivid world+ good complexity for a shooter (many gadgets, customizations, climbing, alternative ways...)- experienced occasional bugs but rarely disturbing- story wins no price but characters are implemented well"
76561198202015676,Recommended,223100,31867075,Posted: 20 May,all,Double Pistols and a Wink!,This game gets alot of crap but I think that this game has a very intreging campaign.
,Recommended,223100,31868814,Posted: 20 May,all,Jedi Mage,"I emjoyed this game because it reminds me of The Division.  The only problem I has with it is with the loadout screen, you're actually encaraged to use all those weapons a lot less.  You should be able to switch to any weapon you need as the situation reguires, but here you have to return to the base to change some weapon weapons load outs.  IT wa just easier to stick with the best general weapons and not end up using the rest.  Overall I did enjoy this game and found it addictive even if the weapons use were so restrictive."
76561197993266879,Not Recommended,223100,31870239,Posted: 20 May,all,THE DUTCHMAN,"Is this a bad game? No. Is this a good game? No. It has a lot of good ideas ruined by bad implementation or no justification.I like the atmosphere of the game -- in the beginning you really feel like hiding from an invading force, sneaking past guards or running from one side of the street to the other.But as  you get your first serious weapon, things change drastically -- you suddenly realize how dumb the AI is and that the gameplay is the same 'rinse-and-repeat' stuff you've seen a hundred of times in Ubisoft games.The gameplay revolves around capturing outposts and strongholds and the game tries to encourage you into doing it in a creative way, like crawling through a sewage pipe or jumping over the wall on a bike, but unfortunately most of the strongholds/outposts are copy-pastes, so the process quickly starts to annoy. Even on the highest difficulty the AI does everything it can to ignore you. You can take down an outpost literally single-handedly without getting any return fire. Sometimes though the enemies do fight back, but mostly they annoy you by spawning behind your back and killing you with a shotgun shell in your butt -- that's probably the only thing the local AI is capable of doing.The story reminds of Call of Duty, but it lacks its cinematic quality. The characters are dull and look very awkward.The weapons though are solid. There are lots of details about the gun models, and there is a possibility to customize your weapon by replacing its parts, which allows you to turn a pistol into an SMG, a rifle into an LMG and so on, everything topped with beautiful animations.Definitely better than the first game, but still far from being perfect. 4.7 / 10 liberated outposts"
,Not Recommended,223100,31872005,Posted: 20 May,all,bolonha,"This game had great potential, but unfortunately it failed miserably in delivering it, mostly due to technical problems.So far, in my 7 hours of gameplay (will update as I play it), I gathered:Pros- Very good live action opening cutscene (probaly where most of the budget went into);- Good story so far;- Good gameplay concept (Yellow zones, blend in and don't be detected, if so hide, red zones, shot on sight, weapon customization...);- Good melee animations;- Driving doensn't suck;- You can throw bricks at cameras to destroy themCons:- Twins everywhere (looks like they only made 6 different rebel NPCs...good thing the KPA soldiers wear the same outfit);- Max FOV is 65, too short and still some animations look f*cked if you set the FOV higher than 50;- No ADS sensitivity, so good luck with painfully slow ""looking around"" but obnoxiously fast ""aiming down sights"";- No cloud saving on A 2016 GAME, so good luck with starting the campaign over if you intend to play on another PC too;- Bad performance even on high-end PCs, although if you play on low settings the game still looks good enough;- Some spots where you can see through the map but nothing too blatant;- You can just rush to the hack thingy to capture the outpost and all enemies will disappear instantly;- If at any point you want to minimize the game, make sure to remember that the game's cursor will be forever on your screen during gameplay once you get back until you restartSo far would not recommend buying this game, even though most of the cons listed are just small technical setbacks and some can be shrugged off."
76561198036821489,Recommended,223100,31841440,Posted: 19 May,all,camba063,"This game got a bad rap for the price and bugs. I got it on discount a few months after release when bugs seem to be resolved. I for one love this game and would recommend it to anyone! I like the combat, crafting and other game mechanics. It's nice to get immersed in a good single player game after work instead of frantically running around in some multiplayer mayhem with a bunch of uber competitive gamers."
,Not Recommended,223100,30804668,Posted: 28 March,all,mike84469,"This game should be free since it has so many glitches, freezes and bugs. It freezes when it saves and that seems like forever. I had to play in windowed mode just to get this game to work. The Storyline is cheesy and not even believable plus I couldnt relate to even the main character as he has no personality. I tried to get into this game but i failed to achieve that task.Overal the game could have had promise but fails sharply to deliver.3/10 from me. Don't buy it.Update: I had to lower my resolution just below 1080p in order for it to save properly and not freeze.This boggles me as I play all of my games maxed out at 1080p with no problems. Hell if I know since the PC I own can handle anything."
,Recommended,223100,31852326,Posted: 19 May,all,Highroad,"I got this game while it was recently on sale for $9.99. I played the original one back in the day, and wasn't really a fan of it at all. The story isn't that believable, and it was just painfully average. But I heard that this one was very similar to a Far Cry game, so I thought why not give it a shot while it's on sale.I'm glad I did, since it's actually not that bad at all. The reviews of it say its like one of the worst games ever, but I really didn't think it was bad at all really. Nothing special, but not awful. I never ran into any game breaking glitches or anything like that, and never felt that it was too frustrating or boring."
,Recommended,223100,29729850,Posted: 5 February,all,Pimp,"Yet to finish it, some plots are boring, but it is a good game overall."
76561198219406052,Recommended,223100,29765753,Posted: 7 February,all,Casual Gamerz,Its Good game but not very good !! i give 7.5/10 overall .
,Recommended,223100,31030145,Posted: 8 April,all,NitSpam,very goood
76561198088814536,Recommended,223100,29942608,Posted: 15 February,all,CyberMonk,If you enjoyed the radio towers and outposts in farcry 3 you'll love this.The pros:great visualsfluid movement and gunplayvariety of weapons that do feel differentfreedom to choose between stealth or all-out warlots to doThe cons:less than optimal sound designStiff animation and voice actingstory line is nothing newAll in all I believe this doesn't deserve all the hate it got. Defiantly not GOTY material but still a solid sandbox shooter
,Recommended,223100,29751731,Posted: 6 February,all,Literally Canada,"I really enjoyed this game, the majority of bugs have been fixed it makes it much more enjoyable, I thought it would be crappy reading all the reviews but man are they ever wrong. I loved this, great soundtrack too!"
76561198133713423,Not Recommended,223100,29739702,Posted: 6 February,all,m1k3mac,Okay game. Mediocre ratings from my part. Purchase only when on special.Repetitive and game gets stale pretty quickly. No urge to play through till the end.
,Recommended,223100,29635903,Posted: 1 February,all,carusom_42,"This game I reccomend on one condition: It's during a very good sale. That's what I did, and I don't regret my purchase at all.That being said, the upside is if you liked the first game, you'll probably like this one, too. Also, the game runs ok on my PC, which is good, but not a powerhouse. There were some hiccups I encountered with random crashing (About 7-8 times total), and some glitches with the environment. Other than those sometimes irritating issues, it ran well, and looked ok.As I write this, I created a character for the online mode, and was not surprised to find that nobody is really playing it (312 at this moment). So, I don't even know if the online play is worth a try.... since I was the only one who wanted to try it today...The graphics aren't bad, the gameplay is decent, and the storyline is meh. All in all, I would say it's worth $10, so wait for a good sale."
,Recommended,223100,30297415,Posted: 3 March,all,Actionalic,"this game is great i just completed the main story and the dlc aftermath and voice of freedom.the games has a intresting story and action packed gameplay, i like  that they added the Crysis style weapon customization in this game.Pros+The game is big+There is much to do+Weapon customizationCons-The dlc's that are released add to the story but are very small"
,Recommended,223100,30260371,Posted: 1 March,all,Blackbirdrw™,"Intrteresting game, I like it but if you dont play it for a while you forget the controls :P"
,Recommended,223100,30189926,Posted: 26 February,all,✪ Reap,"game is buggy but overall a good game, enjoyed it :D"
,Recommended,223100,30253248,Posted: 28 February,all,MC'queen,nice
76561197966015567,Recommended,223100,31162739,Posted: 15 April,all,Cheaprent,Farcry in urban warfare - excellent game.
76561198363805616,Recommended,223100,31180301,Posted: 16 April,all,grizzle,"I bought this on a big sale, and that is the only way I would recommend doing it. That being said it was a decent game, but extremely repetitive in the beginning. It is a shame you cannot start the game at the 60% mark because it gets far better at that point. I stopped playing to play other games and then would start back up a few times and that helped.Pros:Kind of like FarCryThe setting is done well, and feels as desperate as it shouldIntteresting weaponsAI isnt terribleGood game to pass time withCons:SOOO repetitiveVoice acting is atrocious and like a broken recordAI isnt great"
76561197998328977,Not Recommended,223100,25444058,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,reemocin,"I'm 4 hours in and I've freed up the first area. So far I'm having enough fun to stick around.Not a great game, nut not bad either.So far I haven't experienced any problem at all. Everything runs smoothly and I have yet to see my first bug.The story isn't great, the graphics are nice, sound and music are decent enough, combat is okay (you can go stealth if you want), AI is decent enough, game mechanics are fine (not as good as for example Far Cry's, but good enough).Just your (not so?) average 6 or 7 out of 10 game that's certainly worth it's current price of 24 or 30 Euro.EDITI have to change the thumbs up to a thumbs down.Just now I encountered the same game breaking 'bug' for the second time.I'm talking about the buggy situation where you have to clear a 'hotspot' form the remaining hostiles ... but they just keep on respawning making it impossible to complete the side mission.The first time I just got very lucky; after some time I was able to clear the hostiles and trigger the all-clear event. Just now I got a situation where luck wouldn't help me ... and I gave up.Deleting local content ..."
76561198067984351,Recommended,223100,31151219,Posted: 15 April,all,N.B.4.N,love it
76561198161769768,Recommended,223100,28902503,Posted: 1 January,all,Marra012,cooollllllll!!Super fun!!=)
,Recommended,223100,31148163,Posted: 14 April,all,LigitChipmunk,This game is so great i don't know where to begin. It honestly is just amazing in every aspect. And tbh i do not care there is no player vs player cause that just isn't what this game is about. It is moving to me with the realism of the national dept. Awesome graphics and just overall one of my personal favorites!
76561198329888885,Not Recommended,223100,26234827,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,DedSec,Ok after atleast over 10 hrs of the game i have found alot of bugs u get stuck to a building if u jump on it  storyline sucks overall i give it 1/10
,Recommended,223100,30240014,Posted: 28 February,all,DougieFFC,"Buy in a sale and go in with measured expectations and it's enjoyable enough. No idea how it ran on launch but in 2017 it runs well, and some of the character models are as good as any I've ever seen in a game (mixed bag though). I've encountered a few bugs, had to restart from a checkpoint once, but that's about it. Atmosphere is quite compelling, running through ruined Philadelphia trying to avoid patrols and snipers, to me, is quite a unique experience in an open-world game, reminding me a bit of the post-apocalyptic scenes in Terminator."
,Recommended,223100,30990574,Posted: 6 April,all,Fryepod,"Amazing game first runNo end game, probably too long for second play-through's."
,Recommended,223100,29040417,Posted: 5 January,all,Chrissern,"Bought it dirt cheap in a winter sale, and enjoyed it.It's not the strongest of stories, but it has a cool premise and tinkering with the guns is cool, although there could have been more options. Characters aren't really that memorable.There were a few moments that could've been cool to play where instead you watch a movie from the first perspective.Overall, had fun with it. Pick it up on the cheap side."
76561198049281862,Recommended,223100,28997000,Posted: 3 January,all,Patriot_3588,"TL;DR: Unplayable at release. Wonderful now after updates and developer support. 8/10 would play over and over again.Full Review:Worst case of a botched launch I've ever seen. I had this game reserved for my Xbox from the day it was announced, but I was so disappointed when I first fired it up that it wasn't in my house for more than a day before I traded it back in. Now, months later and on a different platform, the devs have put so much time and work into making the game playable that I'm amazed and impressed. This was never a bad game. It was bad optimization and a little too much pressure on console GPUs to have a playable framerate, and the glitches were crippling when they appeared. The characters, story, and feel behind the game are just plain well written. It's a great cover-to-cover hit-and-run shooter. The coolest part is going into a fight knowing you might not be able to anticipate what the enemy has in store, and sometimes you really do have to run from a fight. You're a soft, squishy resistance fighter with makeshift attachments on basic budget weapons, and the enemy is a well armed and armored highly trained fighting force.This game also features the CryEngine at its best. I'm running a 4.0GHZ i7 6700K, 16gb RAM, and a GTX 1060 6GB vRAM.  My GPU isn't quite at the top of the food chain next to the 1070/1080s, but it's still in the 94th percentile. I can run anything on ultra without dropping below 60fps, until I turned on supersampling for this game. It's astoundingly good looking.If you like the theme behind the game but were turned off by the critical and commercial failure at launch due to the crippling bugs, give it a try now. It's definitely getting pinned in my favorites section."
,Recommended,223100,29051845,Posted: 5 January,all,NZWonka,"I did not really have high hopes for the game, But it was cheap so i thought bugger it why not.I loved it.  It woulld prob have one of the best story lines and i love the open world game play.If you do not have this game< Get itFirst game i have ever started playing again right after i finshed it."
,Recommended,223100,29072063,Posted: 6 January,all,disc0rd,"Don't think this game deserves all the time it has gotten throughout the time it was released. To me, it was a decent open world FPS. Sure, it probably helped that I enjoyed the first Homefront as well, but still. But all that aside, the one thing that made me disappointed in it was the ending. It felt very quick, as if the developers had their time running out - which I'm pretty sure they had. Also, a big part of the map was not used for the main game, I suppose that's part of the DLC. Not a break dealer but it felt weird to do it that way. Finally, the story doesn't leave any real room for DLC, in my opinion.It looks good, sounds good, a lot of things have been patched since the launch so it runs better now but there's still some perfomance issues. The story is alright, it's very much a rollercoaster, where you go between ""This story is pretty alright"" and ""♥♥♥♥ this, I don't care"". Not that great maybe, but it did its job at least.In the end, I will recommend this game. I love open world games and I enjoyed Homefront: The Revolution for ~20 hours. When it goes on sale, you can get it for about €12 and it's totally worth that price."
,Recommended,223100,29070061,Posted: 6 January,all,Piracy_Policy (CS.Money),"picked it up on holiday sale, honestly would payfull price for it. not mcuh customization in the game. :( But the weapon models are really good, but could be built on. the character models are excellent, although you cant choose out fits. but 30hrs in and the game is alot of fun to play i'd give it a 4 out of 5 hope to see other homefront revelution."
,Recommended,223100,29077352,Posted: 6 January,all,RTTN,"I read some reviews from people who are having trouble running this game decently, but I never experienced any performance issue.From the time of this review I have played for 4 hours straight, and unless my stance changes, this review will still be relevant further on.Before buying this game, I have watched some youtuber's reviews and listened to some opinions from some people I know, and I have recieved many negative feedback and negativity from this game, which after playing it, I can't seem to understand the reason after it.Performance:Playing on the ""Deathwish"" difficulty, with auto-aim off and every graphical detail set to max with v-sync, the overall performance of the game as it progressed was very solid. I have experienced no bugs, no glitches, no bugs and no stutters, though many people have said. I am running this game at 1080p on windows 10, core i7 6700, 16GB RAM, SSD and a Nvidia GTX 1080, and I have experienced to issues what so ever. So, for the performance, I'm gonna have to give this game a solid10/10.Gameplay:The gameplay is really enjoyable, and so much fun.This game's most appealing feature to me was the ability to convert weapons on the go, at any time you can turn your combat rifle into a sniper rifle, or your pistol into an smg. I found this to be very intertaining.This game requires a great level of stealth, which I personally don't prefer because I dont like to spend so much time on a single event waiting for npc's to turn around while the character is hiding. But the fact is, that the stealth part wasn't overwhelming and at some points it was fun.The weapon selection is limited, but you get to buy add ons, gear and attachements to weapons which spices things up. For example you might have you can convert your combat rifle into a sniper to take down distant enemies, then convert back into a combat rifle again as you need to move in into an area. You also get a decent ammount of throwables and traps which is fun to experiment with.Character movement is pretty much solid and natural, the developers have worked this out very well as the character is very easy to control. Moving between obsticles while sneaking or running is easily pulled off. The game includes environments where you have to jump, climb and crouch to access, and I have to say jumping onto platforms is very fun, prompts to that.The NPC system is very intelligent and reasonable, you can notice the environment is very alive as enemy NPC's often interract with civillians, civillians react to what is happening around them and the allied NPC's also perform clever tactics when interacting with the enemy NPC's.Overall, I can with peace of mind give the gameplay an overall score of9/10.Graphics:Where shall I start?The ammount of effort the developers have put into this game's graphics is incredible,,, I was wowed from the first sequence of the game, and I still am getting amazed by the level of details, effects and design the game has delivered. The game is beautiful in every way. The game has day and night mechanics and it looks beautiful in both.Ofcourse♥♥♥♥♥has to be mentioned that to fully enjoy the graphical pleasure this game gives, you have to have good specs. For me, I have to give a graphics score a10/10].I bought this game on sale, but I really think that the developers deserve every penny of the full price. It is very obvious that they have worked very hard on this game, and delivering it at high quality, performance and gameplay.My only con for this game is weapon variety, though its not a very big con, since as I have mentioned before, you get to convert and customize your weapons on the go, which makes every customizable weapon a 3 in 1 weapon.Please don't get influenced by the negativity of community who don't give this game the credit that it deserves. I know that if I was to rely on their feedback, I would have missed out on this amazing beast of a game."
,Recommended,223100,28928141,Posted: 1 January,all,Hatano,So Far I 've clocked 3 hr on this game..... I just can say worth the sales price and the game play is fun.
76561197974586871,Recommended,223100,29019691,Posted: 4 January,all,philgorsuch,A lot of fun
76561198007362311,Recommended,223100,28987258,Posted: 3 January,all,Vegan Man,Finished the game. Interesting story. Few bugs in places but all in all an easy 6/10. Runs well on FX8350 and gtx 780 @1080p.
76561198010779981,Recommended,223100,29005025,Posted: 4 January,all,eoin_star,I got it on special. Nothing groundbreaking but a solid game. I enjoyed it more than the first one and would get the sequel of created.
,Recommended,223100,29039971,Posted: 5 January,all,Its easter now right?,"first of all i dont get why everyone is saying this is a bad game. the graphics are really good and have some really cool gameplay feteures like you can make your pistol into an smg for example. i personally cant run this game at the highest settings but it looks really good on medium even low settings. and the game is really enjoyable. but do i think its worth 40 bucks, no maybe if they change the price to 30 or even 20 bt its not worth 40 bucks. it have its flaws i get that but still this game doesnt deserve the amount of hate it has recieved"
76561198173241122,Recommended,223100,29050697,Posted: 5 January,all,Sir Hectorio,"In my oppinion it is neither a premium game nor as bad as much comments suggest.I can recommend it on a sale, but not for a full prize.I bought it for under 10€ and had some evenings fun playing the single player campaign, i just tested the online coop-mission, but it seems quite dead.a lot of criticism of the game reviews is true to my oppinion:- there are some flaws in the story telling that dont drag you in the story. especially in the beginning and also some characters alongside the story made me ask, why i am supporting the resistance in the storyline, but for the most part i could arrange with the side i had to take.- the world is not that ""open"". you advance from area to area where you can do some missions.- ai is quite low- some bugs are annoying. in one level, i made a side mission too early, which lead to the problem that i couldnt access the area later, because i wasnt able to unlock doors nor didnt find a way around.- i was a bit disappointed from the weapon reassambling, because it was more limited than i expected.ok to my oppinion- was the weapon handling. i didnt feel so clumsy to me as to others- i also could live with the pc-portation of that game, i had worse console ported games.- graphic details, though I didnt test the technical side deeply- the story, from time to time it dragged me ini liked- the catastrophic setting. although the story is a bit absurd, the post-apocalyptic setting was convincingly displayed.- the flashpoint missions in the red zonesnonetheless it feels a bit limited what you get. if you really expect an open world with much options to do, then it might not be your game. some levels are a bit too straight and linear, and a lot of missions are repetitive. You unfortunately have no choices to influence the game history and your actions have consequences rarely. The game could have needed more polishing, but it was playable for me and all in all entertaining.all in all, it is a game that i can partly recommend. If you like single-player fps in post-apocalyptic settings, this might be interesting to you. it is not a fully polished game with not a really open world, not on the high graphic standard as much premium title games today and some flaws, but i found it an entertaining game for some evening, which i can recommend getting on a sale.  i would give it 6/10."
76561198059782577,Recommended,223100,28879103,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Corbo_Sweeney,"A solid game, plays like Far Cry but in a city."
76561198125684881,Recommended,223100,28920728,Posted: 1 January,all,Trinity,"Great game with great gameplay. I heard that there were some issues upon release, but if that were true they sure aren't present today. Loved the story mechanics of the game. Would say the game is worth $40 if not more.Only thing I didn't like as a Homefront fan is the way they modified the back story and threw the entire original game out. It's pretty much present day America where China is North Korea."
,Recommended,223100,28884024,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Omikias,"TL;DR : Glitchy, but good. Buy it on sale.So, Homefront: The Revolution is a decent FPS/Exploration game. It's got the repeating objective gameplay akin to the Assassins Creed series with solid gunplay and an ""acceptable"" story. For a sub-$20 game, I'd call it a good buy.The sound is meaty and satisfying, with a few oddities. I didn't care for the weird ""slo-mo"" sound when you got a headshot with any weapon. Firearms are a bit innacurate when hip-fired (you sort of ""spray"" an area left-to-right) but that I'd call a realistic plus rather than a video-game-y con.Probably the most unique aspect of this game is the Modular Weapons and Gear. For example, you buy an AR-15 with cash, then ""upgrade"" it with KPA Tech Points to -also- be an Shrike LMG or the ""Freedom Launcher"" (a glorified fireworks cannon). Even your default pistol can be upgraded in such a manner, starting as a Beretta M9, then upgrading to an B&T MP9 and a Penumatic Pistol. Upgrades don't stop there. Muzzle, Underbarrel, and Optics are options on almost any weapon in the game (I believe the Flamethrower, derived from the Crossbow [Don't ask...] is the only one with no accessories). 4 optics, 3 underbarrel, and 2 muzzle devices. Not a huge ammount of upgrades, but they get the job done.My big disapointment with the game are with the glitches. Enemies sometimes go ballistic with no provocation, even with a suppressed weapon fired. And in the Yellow Zones, the pseudo stealth areas of the game, the alarm doesn't ""truely"" stop when it stops ringing. Enemies will mull around for EVER, and this is especially annoying when they do so around your dumpster/porta-john hiding spot. But the most annoying glitch, in my opinion, is with some of the Flashpoint missions, specifically the Dusters; I swear, almost every time I get that particular Flashpoint mission it's already failed before I arrive or even fire a shot.This would be the paragraph where I'd talk about the multiplayer, but sadly none of my friends have this game so I can't comment on what it even is like.Overall, I'd give the game a 6.5/10 for the 20~ hours I got out of it."
,Recommended,223100,28772407,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,akak01000101,"I LOVE THIS GAME! If you love Far Cry 4, you should love this too!  ***BEWARE*** See below....Pros:- Loved the story that carried over from the first game, but I'm also a huge Red Dawn fan!- Beautiful open world if you have a highend GPU. Looked great across 3 monitors.- AI was challenging, Gameplay was simply FUN!- They used CRYENGINE - Haven't hated a game yet that used the CRYENGINE.- Game within a game - Find the Video Machine, put in a token, and you get a whole other FPS game!- BEST PART is the VR controlled RC car with explosives. I couldn't get enough! Used it every change I could.Cons:- When sniping at a distance, bad guys just keep appearing out of thin air.- The motorcyle gets stuck occasionally on some of the puzzles multiple times (that♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off most of all).- Some of the puzzles didn't make sense or the clues lied. ""The tunnel is near the wall"". NO, the tunnel is in one of the houses, in the basement, a block away from the wall. (Yes, Spoiler. But it is a pain to find)- Job board tasks were not worth doing and not needed for extra cash. They could have created better jobs.- Biggest con is below!*** BEWARE***  While the game warns you that once you begin the last mission you can't go back. It really means, ""Finish this last part and the game is OVER!. You can NEVER go back finish off any areas you missed, EVER. Unlike ""Far Cry 4"" where you can keep playing, after ending the campaign, and enjoy the open world finishing off any jobs or sections, this doesn't let you. A big disappointment. Just DON'T commit to the final part of the game until you have finished everything else.Now, I'm going to go back in and replay the game a few more times. An easy 150 hour game for me."
76561198021352501,Recommended,223100,28793045,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,davrsjam100,come join us i want more this games
,Recommended,223100,28859736,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Octo,"Full Disclosure: I bought this game at release for X-Box one at the time of release and played it on normal up until the last mission and it bugged in such a way that I could not complete it without restarting from the beginning. Because of this I took it back to EB Games Canada within a week and got a full refund.Now, I enjoyed the story immensly up until that point and, because the game was on sale in the winter 2016 Steam sale with the season pass, I decided I'd give it another go, if nothing else I wanted to see how the main game ended.After playing through the main campaign I have to say I loved it. They've fixed it up and it plays perfectly. I haven't noticed any game breaking bugs. I've also played through the two DLC currently available and I have to say that I cannot wait for the final installment.It got off to a VERY shakey start, but it has turned into a pleasure to play for the price I paid during the sale. I cannot wait for the next game in the franchise. If you're reading this at the time time of the sale I'm speaking of (or cheaper).. buy it.. it's worth it and has hours of entertainment (look at my played time)."
76561197970957166,Recommended,223100,28860071,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Cybic,"Good game for the price.  Bugs, allies get in the way a lot and it is easy to get stuck in rubble."
,Recommended,223100,31808848,Posted: 17 May,all,JasonTodd,nice game
76561198087533350,Recommended,223100,31761533,Posted: 14 May,all,/PanDa/ InfernoHawk,I dont know why everyone doesnt like this game ive enjoyed every minute ive played and i recomend it to anyone who might be interestisted in it
,Recommended,223100,31794549,Posted: 16 May,all,ColdNemesis,"Game ambiance is really good, and it you can fell the desperation of the people fighting the North K army. The gunplay is not that great."
76561198033797701,Recommended,223100,31789478,Posted: 16 May,all,Shmorg,"If you enjoyed the first Homefront game, you'll enjoy this one. Yes, it's repetetive, yes it's at times ridiculous, and yes... the blimp mechanic is a little stupid. But I love it. The dodging between rubble to avoid enemy convoys, or sniping the back of an armored vehicle and running for cover as it explodes, pumping shrapnel into all the baddies around it. It's a messy, beautiful shooter and I wouldn't have it any other way."
76561198007821464,Recommended,223100,31791307,Posted: 16 May,all,Black Deer,"Setting: Awesome. Yellow zones are very fun to play in, stirring people up through guerilla actions and escaping through an urban maze to dodge soldiers.Gameplay: Good but nothing groundbreaking. Gunplay feels satisfying though I was less impressed by the gun mods than others.Story: Pretty rubbish. Retconning the original's premise was a mistake, imo.6/10. I got 15~ hours out of it for £8.99 and I think it was fun to play. Don't bother with the DLC though since they aren't worth playing."
,Recommended,223100,31765781,Posted: 15 May,all,Spoopy Spooples,"It's not GOTY but it's not also bad, but for $12 on sale it's good for a fpsalso you can't really run and gun so that's cool too."
76561197996064186,Recommended,223100,31766179,Posted: 15 May,all,TriPsyko,"Overall a decent game; it's not bad but it's not great either. Recommended when on sale (I got the Freedom Fighter Bundle for £8.99 - BARGAIN).Graphics are pretty good and environments are really well designed IMO along with the KPA soldiers and vehicles etc. Characters could have used some refinement with their animations and development which is lacking (Dana deserved more screen time and way more development for sure, why no DLC of her back story!?). The story manages to carry you through to the end, again, not bad but not great either.Gameplay's pretty much like Far Cry, free roam the map and capture enemy strongholds either by stealth or guns blazing with secrets and stashes littered about. It isnt open world like Far Cry is though, the world is seperated into several areas that you can free roam in and move onto the next area as you progress with the story. Each area has it's own look and feel with good atmosphere (especially Lombard; very Stalker/Metro 2033ish) that are the real stars of the show.Shame it's bogged down by technical problems with performance (probably down to my FX 8350, turning settings down to low doesn't make much of a difference) and weird stuff like enemies literally popping in and out of thin air as they like. The gunplay could have used some fine tuning too IMO. Enemies seen to have pin point accuracy even from miles away with Assault Rifles but you? not so much. Weapon customization is okay but basic.Mixed bag of a game that needed more time to be fully cooked. Worth a buy when it's on sale though, its a steal!"
76561198317208156,Recommended,223100,31754935,Posted: 14 May,all,Jackshiver,"very good story line, i would say the gameplay mechanism not good but not bad its like 6/10, i love when you get a kill with a headshot like ""BOOM"""
76561198033390696,Recommended,223100,31763804,Posted: 15 May,all,Police man,Very fun singleplayer and good 4 player coop mode with friends.
,Recommended,223100,31761801,Posted: 14 May,all,Amaterasu,"This game was pretty okay for the most part. Exploring and upgrading your weapons easily turns into monotonous grinding. Gun play was nothing special. Stealth was weird since you can literally run backwards and its like they never saw you. Upgrading weapons ends very quickly since you find the weapons you like and stick to those and forget about the others. Different deployment types for equipment doesnt really matter for the most part unless you want to get creative, which i recommend since this game repeats itself quite a bit. Some Strike points require you to get creative about how to complete the objective, which I can admire. Story was Meh, predictable. Although there were a couple of times in which I got stuck mid-jump with some platforms, and I even fell through the world once.Overall - Looking for a Open FPS that can be rewarding if you play it casually, get it. Only get this game at a discount, Like %75 off or more."
,Recommended,223100,31761130,Posted: 14 May,all,Zpocalypse,"This... actually is pretty good, I don't see why people complain about it. The gameplay is fun, I have no performance issues at all, the gunplay feels on point... yeah I don't know why people don't like this."
76561198031752760,Recommended,223100,31844547,Posted: 19 May,all,JUST-DIE-ALLREADY,G-O-O-D
,Not Recommended,223100,31865862,Posted: 20 May,all,King&Kind,"One of the game which had worst plot.Thou, they are OK on graphic."
76561198009268713,Recommended,223100,31872436,Posted: 20 May,all,holleranm,I don't regret this game.  I might be going to hell for how much I enjoy throwing malitof cocktails and watching it al burn burn burn.  Haven't done the co op yet but the single player was worth it.  Great atmosphere and play. Why Dana Why?
,Recommended,223100,29559827,Posted: 29 January,all,JackFrost22,GG!Nice Game Nice Graphic
,Recommended,223100,29498038,Posted: 26 January,all,n8nectar,I enjoyed this game for a month. Then I never played again. You will do the same. Worth every penny when on sale.10/10 Campaign7/10 Multiplayer10/10 graphics for its time5/10 Customization of weapons and accessories8/10 overall experience
76561198018569200,Recommended,223100,29400318,Posted: 21 January,all,Rooibaard,This is a fine game. Very enjoyable open world with a decent story.
,Recommended,223100,31010090,Posted: 7 April,all,raisin,"Well for me it was okif you like farcry, then this is for youcapturing enemy base and♥♥♥♥♥♥killing KPAgraphics looks amazingthe thing is there are some bugs in the game that frustrate meThe fact that i pick it up for Rp 67,499 is a steal!!"
,Recommended,223100,29097229,Posted: 7 January,all,Just Martin,Rough as hell but really enjoyable......like The Jeremy Kyle Show.
,Recommended,223100,29410554,Posted: 21 January,all,JonCon,"Homefront: The Revolution is by no means a bad game, it just feels...rushed. A slew of small issues (typos, jerky animation, and bugs) take away from the otherwise incredible oppressive atmosphere. The story has some great moments, but is ultimately an average revolutionary tale.  Apart from several gadgets that I never found a situation to use (RC distraction, most of the incendiaries), the grenade system is pretty well made. The guns, however are hit and miss. When I saw 'Inferno Launcher', I had to have it, but then I found out that no matter how cool it looks, it could never surpass the LMG/Silenced Pistol in terms of usfulness. I did like the weapon modding system, despite it's shallowness. The upsides to this open-world-outpost-master-game is is that it's short for one of these games (~12 hours), and it isn't overly repetative. I just think the devs could have spent more time on it before shipping it out.74/100- Well if you wanted to learn Korean..."
76561198130704315,Recommended,223100,30506432,Posted: 14 March,all,Six of Spades,"Fun game, dont know why it gets so much hate. Its basically your typical open world shooter. The gun customization is pretty cool, its nothing revolutionary. The gun variety is kinda small, but conversion kits and equipment change that. The Ai in the game can be a bit dumb at times. I.E throwing a grenade into a room then immediatly running into said room. That however is a rare occurance in my opinion. I  think the game isnt quite worth full price. But it is definitly worth any sale price you can get it for."
,Recommended,223100,23042779,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,HUSKER222,So I would like to update my review to this game. Originally I said i wouldnt suggest it to anyone. I totally would on steam sale lol. but also i think they mustve done some updating because the weapons sound alot better. The game has a better feel to it than it did. check it out. great graphics as well!
76561198029277976,Recommended,223100,29531584,Posted: 27 January,all,XG|SpARda|4K,"Short repetitive but nice game. Bought it during sale for 11,99€. Finished it in 9hrs but enjoyed every moment."
,Recommended,223100,29388444,Posted: 20 January,all,AshthePriest,good
,Recommended,223100,29365072,Posted: 19 January,all,Lusia,Not bad.
76561198180670294,Recommended,223100,31044285,Posted: 9 April,all,AS02 eteretnoi,"so I got to watch the trailer of the game that I like that the story of the game and after you finish, the resistance mod you online also continue to as there is such a thing anymore, you get to develop your character and fight with your friends against North Korea the purpose of the online adventure game that wraps about 3 hours..."
,Recommended,223100,29253480,Posted: 14 January,all,ZiCell,Uh... uh... 'MERICA!Bless me.
76561198258470691,Recommended,223100,29243379,Posted: 14 January,all,Ratta Tat Tat,"Since the release I'd say Homefront: The Revolution has turned out pretty good.I have had a really enjoyable time playing this, it kinda reminds me of something like Far Cry 3 or 4.I did encounter a few bugs, however, but they were neither major or game breaking.The sound is pretty great too, so is the optimisation.Dana is a ♥♥♥♥♥ though xDI give the game a solid 7/10. Definitely, would recommend it."
76561198003020211,Recommended,223100,29265066,Posted: 14 January,all,я ебал твою мать,"Don't expect to get above 40 fps if you play with settings on high, but if you look past the optimization issues this is actually a pretty good game. Gameplay will seem a little slow at first, but once you get used to the mechanics the game will get better."
76561197971508566,Recommended,223100,29256180,Posted: 14 January,all,cetialpha,Homefront combines a pretty nifty story with some solid gameplay to create an entertaining FPS/RPG combo.I managed to power through the game in a little over 36 hours so don't expect an epic - it's a bit of short term fun and a distraction from other games.It can get a little repetitive and I don't personal feel that there is a huge amount of replayability in the game - that being said I enjoyed playing it.If its on sale - it's worth a punt for a few hours of fun.
76561198007021042,Recommended,223100,29256712,Posted: 14 January,all,Valkner,"I am not such a great fan of first person shooters - why - because I am a clumsy 40 something ... but I loved Homefront - I was so immersed in the game I nearly missed some important appointments. I finished the main single player now and am doing two DLC's but still I love the atmosphere and the combination of Assassin's Creed, Bioshock, BattleField, Dishonored and some more."
,Recommended,223100,30055209,Posted: 20 February,all,Sae,Home front revolution is an online and single player game experience.It depends on trying to save the villagers from being killed by North Korean military government.You are a part of a big rebellion and you're the main character.You can equip many vehicles to drive and have fun with.I'm not sure if you can have a sniper rifle.The game has very good graphics and highly recommended pic qualities.I highly recommend this game for you guys!It costs a lot of money but it's for a good game so you should buy it.Of course games are not equally for everyone but if you like first person shooters like this game sure makes it good.Hope this helped you
76561198060498521,Not Recommended,223100,30055740,Posted: 20 February,all,Herp McDerpington,"For the $15 I played it was ok if I just wanted a FPS to play, but the cons far outweigh the ProsCons:-Buggy, Pretty much like all Deep Silver games. Background music got stuck at one point, NPCs running in slo-mo, stealth    detection is broken-Character development is non exixtant, had no feelings towards my character or anyone else-Enemies at bases respawn (I think?)- $5000 for a bullet proof vestPros:+It was cheap+Kind of like Far Cry where you capture bases for territory, albeit a poor mans Far Cry"
76561198062068809,Recommended,223100,32235061,Posted: 7 June,all,Killer Elmo,"So I got this game on special. $14 nz for the base game and all expansions (other than the multiplayer skins). I have to say, it's not perfect. I watched in entertainment, as a bucket bounced up and down for quite some time until I approached it. There were objects not spawning in as they should. Glibbing errors where enemies seem to see you when they shouldn't, and allies with invisible guns etc. There were clipping problems where you could see and line up an enemy but when you pulled the triger there was an invisible barrier stopping it go anywhere.          \But did this ruin the game?No it didn't.I actually really enjoyed my time killing the Norks (North Korean's) There are many ways to tackle some objectives and recruiting allies to assist you was great.The Story was well writen. To be honest I didnt even expect a story, but the game turned out to be very story driven.The weapon customisations were really cool. However even after unlocking everything, I found myself sticking to just 3 weapons forms and still ending the game with more than $28,000 in bank.I do recommend this game. It was a lot of fun! but if you are going to get it, make sure you at least get the lock down and aftermath expansions. They really needed to be part of the innitial base game.Over the wall expansion was pretty to look at but was extremely linier and not in keeping with the base games open path system. Also, not to ruin anything, but the ending to it was terrible. (not giving to much away on purpose)But do I recommend this game? Yes. Yes I do"
,Recommended,223100,32231471,Posted: 6 June,all,Horny Hippo,"Good game, but some problems at times.7/10"
76561197960398223,Recommended,223100,32264398,Posted: 8 June,all,LiMpY,A first person shooter with a great single player and 2-4 player co-op. If you like Far Cry 4 this is similar in a few ways.Lots of fun!!!
76561198278948946,Recommended,223100,32132683,Posted: 2 June,all,Spooky Misaki,"10/10 Able to play Timesplitters 2 within this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game.Haha in all honesty though, this game is not worth the $30. I bought it on sale for $10 and I think thats right. It is super buggy and the story is just meh. It does look great though and very atmospheric, but the bugs... thE BUGGS. You can't even swim. Overall, I give it a 6/10, but Timesplitters 2 is 9/10.Update: After finishing the game, I just thought of a few more things to add. I do think there is room for a sequel. Deep Silver, PLEASE! You have the resources to do a good game, and you have a good game idea that I think appeals to a lot of people. You had the atmosphere right, the graphics were great. You are sitting on something really good, but you have not mined it yet. I do recommend this game when its on sale, as it is pretty good at times, but sometimes.. Its just not."
76561197971007369,Recommended,223100,32277635,Posted: 8 June,all,MadProfessor,"Once you get used to the slightly clunky controls this is adictive. Great value if you buy it at a discount. Major bug is dont hide in the waste bins - you cant get out! Apart from that, great."
76561198237791668,Recommended,223100,31802972,Posted: 17 May,all,☆GeorgeLucas☆,My favourite game! I recomend it with pleasure.
76561198027233747,Recommended,223100,31808823,Posted: 17 May,all,DarK FlaMe,"I hesitated when I saw the reviews of the game , but when I saw a big sale I bought it . Didn't regret it it was an amaizing game ( worth it if you pick it up on a sale ) . Good story , awesome weapon upgrades , AI are kinda lame , but sometimes they become aware , capturing zones makes the game easier ( short game if you just play the story only ) . I would give this game 7.8/10."
,Recommended,223100,31819697,Posted: 18 May,all,Bruce,Decent
76561198159473312,Recommended,223100,31819125,Posted: 18 May,all,vihangdesai40,i dont about ither pcs but my laptop is i5 7th gen nvidia 920mx and 8gb ram and this game gioves 11 fps so not playable ...dont buy it unlesss u got a great pc -_-
,Recommended,223100,31821449,Posted: 18 May,all,Daydream In Blue,"The only thing that held this game back at launch was it's terrible performance on both consoles and pc. Now after several updates, the performance while not perfect is now back up to a reasonable and playable standard. The game runs from 50-80fps on my 970 i5 setup, mostly sticking around 67 and when the frame rate drops I barley notice it (""I"" being the keyword). The game itself is like Far Cry except in a North Korean take-over/invasion in Philadelphia which to a lot of people was an interesting idea and sounded like a fun open-world first person shooter. In my opinion this game is great, I love running around the cities and seeing all the chaos it's really cool and the story however ludicrous it sounds is actually quite enjoyable. I originally bought this for the PS4 back when the game ran at like 25fps max on the PS4 and I must say it's a breath of fresh air to be able to play this game with not only a mouse and keyboard but a somewhat stable framerate and an FOV that isn't pure cancer. Oh and speaking of FOV, for those that don't know this game uses vertical FOV meaning that 65 FOV in this game is 90-97 FOV in any other shooter (Horizontal FOV). I dunno, this game is fun for me and I hope others enjoy it too.I'd say about a 7 or 8 out of 10 from my personal experience."
76561198071177506,Recommended,223100,31886596,Posted: 21 May,all,KountKoma,Nice urban warfare. Story is compelling. Environment is really nice. I am waiting for the Linux version.
76561198016880425,Recommended,223100,32598355,Posted: 20 June,all,Retrograde,"i enjoyed the core game. It helps to role play the story as alien invaders, rather than north koreans. Whoever thought using 'norks' slang for the foes needs to be shot.A solid urban far cryish game. You are not a super solider, and need to adopt guerrllia tactics.First two DLC are dull, but complete the story. The third, beyond walls was more interesting."
,Recommended,223100,32663116,Posted: 22 June,all,hexadek,"Did not expect to have as much fun with this game as I did. Really solid open-world game that is almost on-par with something like Far Cry. Essentially this game is Far Cry gameplay, with The Division's environment, and Red Dawn's setting; so if you're into those, you will probably have a good time with this.The story is nothing really special, but everything else is just fun enough that it doesn't really matter too much.The weapon customisation system is really super cool, the parkour puzzles are just the right difficulty, and I really enjoyed how the game permits you to approach any situation in the style you wish.My biggest gripe is probably the Yellow Zone, and how easily, and with annoying frequency the enemies spot you. If it were me, I would have much rather not had the pretext of ""they know who you are and will be alerted at your presence"", but rather ""if you are suspicious, or are caught doing anything bad, they will come after you"".Overall, did not encounter any bugs at all, and had a really good time. Considering the price this game is at by default now (reduced from launch price) -- I would definitely say the cost is fair for what the game provides."
76561198065330306,Recommended,223100,32770798,Posted: 25 June,all,Rewe,"I am so glad I pick this game up when it's on sale. I think for a game this cheap it definitely worth it, but on the other hand, if it's not on sale, I then won't recommend you buying this due to resemble objectives and grinding."
,Recommended,223100,32707600,Posted: 23 June,all,roughrider404,"Fun, but buggy as all hell, in my first hour I had 2 crashes."
,Recommended,223100,32884805,Posted: 27 June,all,Vermelho,Much better than expected. It's like a Poor Man's Far Cry.
,Recommended,223100,32900340,Posted: 27 June,all,Chug,"Pretty buggy and not the greatest looking game. But, the guns feel and sound awesome! Pretty great feel behing the guns and upgrading them is pretty sweet! Worth it if youre really into satisfying gun play"
,Recommended,223100,32903691,Posted: 27 June,all,GhostCode RG,"i bought this game with all its DLC when it was on sale for about $10, and while it was a good price the game has some glaring issues *Some Spoilers*:Story:This is your average war hero story, nothing more nothing less, it doesnt do anything new or even try to for that matter, the best bits of the sotry are actually the DLC, all 3 campaigns are very tight and tell a cohesive narritive. Honestly if they had gone the route that they did with the DLC itd deffinatley be a higher rated game. In the campaign your carecter is mute the entire time, witch is a huge turn off for someone like me. The ending is very lackluster with none of the carecters really going through anything major other than things you will read in journals. Witch is by far the worst way to convey your story. It has a twist youll see coming from a mile away, the minute they say it youll be like ""oh well duh ya idiots.""Gameplay:This game has a semi open world. I say that because you cant travel seemlessly through the areas and most of it is very small city sections with more interesting things blocked off. The gunplay however is very responisve and is fun to shoot and kill, even if some of the weapons dont pack a huge punch. Also the feature from crysis to swap attatchments on the fly is back and fits very well into the world this game is trying to create. The driving is as good as any other FPS with driving, mostly works other than some strange glitches when exiting a vehicle (sometimes when you exit a vehicle you cant aim or shoot your gonna without switching weapons). The mission structure is fun enough to keep you playing in bursts like I did, my main complaint is the AI is super stupid. Freindly and enemy AI have no idea what they are doing even on hard.DLC:Im giving this a section mainly because the DLC is amazing for this game, they give your carecter a voice and tells what happens moments before the opening of the game, witch I actually wondered myself. The first DLC follows walker before everything hit the fan and you play as him while getting your insurgant team to saftey. VERY fun to play. The second DLC takes place a few months after the end of the main story and even pokes fun at the fact that you were a mute in the main story. You play as Brady again now trying to go rescue walker from KPA hold. This is fun because if your smart you can stealth your way around the whole level. The third DLC we are again following Brady, I refeer to this as a ""what if"" story. I do this because it completly ignores the first to DLCs, witch is extremley dissapointing because i wanted to see what happened after rescuing walker. BUt you help NATO scientists put up a final front against the KPA in a last ditch attempt. Ill be honest i couldnt finish this one cause the game kept crashing on me.Co-Op:No one in the servers dont bother.I reccomend this game based on the DLC (witch really sucks to say). But also on the fact that even though the story is a mess its still a damn fun playthrough and for when its on sale, this game is honestly a no brainer."
,Recommended,223100,33149429,Posted: 2 July,all,Basa,"Similar to Far Cry, liberate the open world by capturing strongholds and similar stuff. Fun if you don't mind the repetitiveness.Multiplayer has very few players."
76561198272012403,Recommended,223100,33532711,Posted: 14 July,all,Ryzen_7x,This games has alot of bugs.But anyway you spend a few hours having fun freeing the United States from the North Korea's top breed.
76561198002557700,Recommended,223100,33559976,Posted: 15 July,all,Royalty,"Great co-op gameplay, and multiple customization to weapons, skills, clothes, and upgrades. Great graphics and smooth gameplay."
76561198235916872,Recommended,223100,33573240,Posted: 15 July,all,Dick of Isildur,can be a good game without those bloody bugs
76561198035305665,Recommended,223100,33599809,Posted: 16 July,all,captrex,"I liked this game in general.  I got it on sale and it was well worth the price then. I didn't see any of the glitches that were mentioned in other reviews.ProsGood GunplayGood StoryCool CharectersConsStrogholds and Flashpoints can get repetativeMini-games a bit boringNot much else to do outside of ""furthering the revolution""All in all, I enjoyed the game, though I would reccomend you wait till it goes on sale till you buy it."
76561198001864391,Recommended,223100,33479677,Posted: 12 July,all,Hrothgar,Lots of fun.. Somewhat like far cry in game play ... really good game!
,Recommended,223100,33490603,Posted: 12 July,all,rmz,"Homefront: The Revolution is an open-world(ish) first person shooter where you must lead the Resistance movement in guerrilla warfare against a superior military force.Oh boy, is this one a tough nut to crack. tl;dr Homefront can be amazing, it's also glitched beyond belief. But let's start at the beginning. Homefront The Revolution is a first person shooter in an open world, if you can count several zones as an open world. It's a bit like Red Faction Guerilla - you gain territory influence by completing missions in a zone, a bit like Mad Max with outposts to conquer, a bit like Far Cry with similar general game mechanics.The game does a surprising amount of stuff good. It looks great, it has great level design, fun weapons and interesting weapon modifications. It has also atrocious AI and some serious glitches. I like them Far Cries and Mad Maxes, and I had lots of fun with Homefront, so if you like these kind of games you might want to give this one a try. Single player campaign is interesting enough as long as you substitute the countries involved for something more believable (you can also just ignore the story) and there is coop multiplayer (which is really hard, but might be fun). Completing the game on normal took me about 40hrs with some grinding for achievements and some time spent trying to unglitch several missions.I liked:* great visuals* the general feeling* that you can be sneaky* level designI disliked:* glitches glitches glitches (enemies seeing through walls or despawning when they're hit with a grenade, glitching side-missions that become impossible to complete)* Dana, damn that psychotic weirdoGet this if:* you can withstand the glitches and like these kind of games (these kind of games being a mix of Far Cry and Red Faction Guerilla/Mad Max)* seriously, mind the glitchesDon't get this if:* you expect a fair fight in your fpses, AI can be extremely dumb so most of the time you have unfair advantage, or disadvantage as they see you through walls and hit you flawlessly from 100m away* you cannot stand glitches, as you are bound to encounter at least a few on your way hereOverall this is a recommendation as the level design alone is worth it imo, but really, mind the glitches."
76561198005290600,Recommended,223100,33611042,Posted: 17 July,all,james,"Outstanding story-driven open-world shooter.I don't complete many games, but this one just got me gripped like The Last Of Us did.Great graphics on my RX470 - I played 1080p 50-60fps just by dialing down anti aliasing to FXAA. I believe the original version had problems but they downscaled the shadows etc to improve it. Unfortunately the original bad reviews linger which is why I have to help the developers (who had a lot of financial problems) with this review.The open world structure of being able to choose your weapons and style reminds me of when GTA games were fun! I really enjoyed using my sniper rifle to pick them off long distance even though it messed me up in some closer-up battles where I would have to switch to my spare gun.The ability to craft weapons as you like is awesome.The story line is gripping. It's like watching a movie and at the end I was singing ""F*CK the KPA"" as I liberated the city.The trick is to slowly liberate each area as per far cry, but there's far less wasting time scavenging for bits and bobs. So it's a great game you can just pick up when you have a spare moment, though it is also hard to put down!Highly recommended for a great game, great story, amazing graphics."
,Not Recommended,223100,33471662,Posted: 11 July,all,marko  BROlo,"Pretty disapointed with the amount of support from the devs. There are quite a few game braking bugs that would require you to load a previous save (if you have one that happens before the bug) or start a new game all over (but this doesnt guarantee your new playthrough wont have a game breaking bug iether).If you browse the forums, seems like the developers/community manager is MIA, I tried reaching out to them about my bug unfortunately I have yet to get a response. Unfornately for me at this point I might need to start all over since I cannot progress any further in the game.I don't usually post reviews, especially negative ones, but I felt so disapointed with my situation that I had to warn others.The game itself is okay, it felt rushed with quite a few bugs and a lack of support. If you do decided to purchase this game keep that in mind and perhaps backup your save files often.UPDATE:Felt like i needed to beat the game if I decide to leave this review up. So I started fresh since I had the game breaking bug and rushed through the game. The later half of the game felt really rushed and unpolished, especially in the last mission, many of the events did not trigger, I was supposed to defend an area for 60 seconds, literally 0 enemies spawned, so I idled there until the next event triggered."
,Recommended,223100,34464041,Posted: 24 August,all,stingerhs,"Here's a great example of an under rated game, but you might want to think of it more as, say, an emerald in the rough instead of a diamond.  Some gameplay elements are well done, while others are a bit lackluster.  Overall, though, its a fun exploration-based FPS with a predictable story.  And, despite all that I've heard about the game, Homefront actually ran very stable, and the game only had a couple of minor bugs here and there.  My system is a bit on the high end, so I can't comment on how it might run on slower/older hardware.If you've been on the fence for a while, go ahead and give Homefront a chance, especially if its on sale."
,Recommended,223100,30486882,Posted: 13 March,all,DEVGRU_CHASE,还行吧
,Recommended,223100,34485713,Posted: 25 August,all,挪威人,Pretty good game but a bit shorth story
76561198304591810,Recommended,223100,34059095,Posted: 6 August,all,SGT_MENDAZ,"The game had a rough start on launch, and most players (understandably) do not read the in game lore.  These two factors here contribute to the games ratings. All of the issues the game had on launch seem to be resolved, and when it comes to players saying that there is no way the North Koreans could attack mainland US, you have to understand this game is set in an alternative universe where after the Korean war, they developed and prospered. Its also worth noting in the universe the US is in a crippling debt that several other countries seek to collect on.  This alt. universe idea is similar to how Fallout is set.Besides, how many other games let you fight on mainland US as it is under foreign occupation?"
76561197962978217,Recommended,223100,34215650,Posted: 13 August,all,WelshPretender,"This game gives me some mixed feelings.  To start with I thought the combat was clunky, the objectives in each zone too similar and also the graphical performance isn't great.  For examply a game like Dying Light I will get a solid 60-70fps at 4K with Homefront I can keep it over 30 fps with some tweaking but I don't recall ever seeing it go over 40.  Could just be me but I don't think this game looks better than Dying Light.Combat mechanics got better as the gear opened up I found myself actively using everything other than molotov cocktails to work an advantage.  The remote controlled RC is my favourite.  The side missions I found challanging but like alot of games the reward never really made it feel worth while.For the story I fealt it dragged alot in the middle and I never really got emotionally attached to any Character other than the Doctor.  However the expansion packs really saved the story for me giving much more of a connection to the resistance fighters, gangs and of course Walker.  The final DLC was my favourite bit of story telling as I felt it opened the narrative out and just maybe gives them options for a 3rd game.  Not seen the sales figures, so not sure if that is likely.I don't tend to play these kind of games over and over but I did replay the DLC a bit as I enjoyed it more than the main game for me this is like an average action movie worth a watch but you probably won't be fussed about going back to it.  Overall if you liked the first one there is enough in the sequal to keep you interested if you hated the first one then well stay away."
,Recommended,223100,34312729,Posted: 17 August,all,Basibozuk,"The game overall is good but storytelling and cutscenes are terrible. I enjoyed the graphics, weaponary and gameplay. Buy it on sale."
76561198197083465,Recommended,223100,29220267,Posted: 13 January,all,BarnakDechrist,"Unstable on a otherwise very stable system. Heavy loading, freezes and stutters abound and can't run more than 10 minutes without pprolems like a complete system crash or 20 second-long freeze which even impedes the task manager from loading.My rig can run Arma3, fallout 4 and other big and heavy titles for hours. This is a badly coded piece of beta software pushed-out by the editors and publishers before it was ready for prime-time.Asking for refund.First reviewed this game on 13 January 2017.Re-purchased.    22 August 17Bugs corrected. Game play seems OK in Single players mode for now. Will re-edit with further news if something goes wrong. Changing to recommend for single player campaign."
76561198085379028,Recommended,223100,34625388,Posted: 30 August,all,walterloo75,"Single player campaign and story is good. Performance is also good. Recommended if looking for resistance type of games, playing the underdogs."
76561198005066945,Recommended,223100,34357144,Posted: 19 August,all,Seeker of Truth,Very very underrated...I'm not quite sure why it had negative review on steam and the metacritic.I enjoy it so much if you cant get to the concept that game is giving.
,Recommended,223100,23125161,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Dw4rk1 [BE],"It had potential, IF the game would have been how they advertised it... right now it feels like a beta.. many grafical glitches, fps drops, getting stuck in weird places, etc...after 2 hours it felt like i had already done it all and it got boring.. real fast. also in those 2 hours i had unlocked all the weapons but one + their secondarys and all the attachments...for now, I do not recommend it. mayby when it is on sale and after a few patches... then maybe.Update: I've bought the game again in august 2017.I've changed my review to possitive.Only encouterd one grafical glitch, fell through the map.played in highest setting in 4k resolution, did not notice one frame drop.finished the game, Some moments felt dull and repetive but it felt like variation was added enough to keep me playing.The dlc are a must have. play them in the order they where released. they add so much more the story and they bring and end to the story."
76561198061844476,Recommended,223100,30566874,Posted: 17 March,all,SAGI,"The main story will grant you about 10 hours of gameplay. If you want to complete all the map objectives then it might cost you more time. I have read some of the reviews and people are comparing this game to some other open world FPS like the Farcry franchise. Gameplay wise I would say this game is not as good as Farcry which has a comfortable pace and drags you playing for hours. Homefront makes me feel bored and exhausted sometimes as the story and characters are not so well crafted though the open world is really detailed. However if you look this game from another perspective like if you are one of the rebellion members, the war is seriouly no fun to joke about. You don't have those epic battles where you play as a superhero to save the world, instead you can merely hit and run to hide from storming bullets. The moment I reached the end of the story I felt a bit confused, and even a bit desperate, which perhaps is the overall experience the devs try to provide."
76561198007789907,Recommended,223100,34718017,Posted: 3 September,all,sog,"A great game. The graphics were great, the acting great, the effects were good. The main chunk of the game: the Story, was fun to play. However I felt that the side missions were not given enough priority. The AI could have been smarter and less blase' about having their comrades getting wiped out in front of their eyes!The effects were slightly dissapointing. For example; enemy soldiers would take a direct hit from a rocket launcher and just fall down in one piece. Taking cover behind anything ensured you could not be touched by any weapon. There was no degradation of ones cover at all.There was a small parkour element to it, climbing and sliding around buildings looking for weapons and ammo.I'll definitely play it again and spend more time doing the side missions!"
76561197986572155,Recommended,223100,34683042,Posted: 2 September,all,evilleMonkeigh,"A little bland and same-y, but had good atmosphere (I felt a bit like a resistance fighter from Terminator, exploring ruined cityscapes).  Not something I'd play for extended sessions, but a decent enough game, albeit not in the same league as Far Cry/GR Wildlands.  The sort of game worth checking out during the Steam sales."
76561198138762990,Recommended,223100,35210437,Posted: 25 September,all,Theorden,"Not sure why ppl are hating on this game, it's amazing.  I hope there's a Homefront 2 and it's even better.  The storyline REALLY draws you in, the mechanics of taking territory is not as rewarding as you'd like but what it does is make the map safe for you to travel because patrols chasing you get caught by your allies.They really did the motorcycle riding well too.  For all the debris scattered around the map, you can mostly navigate quickly using the motorcycle.The story twists and turns and really takes you for a ride, not sure why ppl kept trying to shut this game down, for what it is, it's great!"
,Recommended,223100,30693220,Posted: 23 March,all,𝓥𝓘𝓡𝓤𝓢_𝓡𝓖,Nice game
76561198216182976,Recommended,223100,35191032,Posted: 24 September,all,👳🏻 Billu Virk 👊🏻,👍🏻 PROS -• Graphics are very good.• Game is optimised very well.• 60 FPS Consistent.• Storyline is ok.• Gameplay is good enough to keep u entertained.• In game Story videos are also very good.• Sound is superb specially on 5.1 audio system.• Missions are Unique and some of tem r interesting.• UI Hud is also good and promising.• Good weather effects.• Shooting mechanisms feels more real.• Gadget are very good and some of them are very unique to other games.👎🏻 CONS -• No Support for impulse trigger vibrations on xbox one controller.• Driving vehicle is bit pain.• No Advance physics like brokenness of wall when bullet hit.• Physics of bullet impact is not so good enough.• Multiplayer mode is dead as their is no one who plays it online.• Lack of some good background music while in game story videos.📝  Notes -Game is good enough to play and spend some time on it. I just played only because of the storyThats all. Yes people looking to go for it can buy this game only when its on sale.
,Not Recommended,223100,30418227,Posted: 9 March,all,Mike Pence,I got the base game and all DLC for $11 on sale. The campaign is ok. The story isn't very compelling and sometimes seems really bland. The characters are pretty generic also. The combat system is ok. Riding the bikes is a damn nightmare honestly. There were other side quests/missions that I didn't bother doing just because I had no interest in the game anymore after about 15 hours. Do not recommend
76561198171146322,Not Recommended,223100,29737567,Posted: 6 February,all,Steve_Taro,"After try this game for a while, it is time I will write a review as usual. This game isn't that great, but it doesn't mean it is so bad. I would go for this game is playable. How I can say it is payable although the score from all review is 50% - 56% from game website. First of all, this game is like Far Cry, you have to release prison, base, propaganda, and collecting radio stuff. These things make this game as playable. I like to explore the game and collecting items in the game as long as I'm between main mission and side mission. What makes me feel it is not a great game - first weapons are too limited. As developer announced at first time that in this game you can craft thing and make molotov or pipebomb by looting stuff from enemy and appliance, but it doesn't make videogame variety. This game doesn't worth 59.99 dollars, but it is worth with 39.99 dollars or thiscount if you can get it lower. You still can see many bugs in this game, and sometimes you need to start mission over again, but one thing I'm sure when you're familiar with key and gamesystem. You will enjoy this game as like as a videogame from Deep Silver studio."
76561198082965621,Recommended,223100,35100586,Posted: 21 September,all,chanfrederic86,hi i  have installed this game from steam just couple days ago and could play immediately. But ever since yesterday when I try to run the game it didnt even get started and remained at Steam page.  Can anyone help?
,Not Recommended,223100,35478651,Posted: 4 October,all,SexySugarDaddy,"I have too many hours on this game, its♥♥♥♥♥♥oviously. Cry engine so it controls well but gameplay is un balanced and weapons are lackluster at best. Buy this game if you will get your money back or if its free, then it may be worth playing; else avoid and play crysis or something infinitely better"
76561198048239194,Recommended,223100,31875489,Posted: 20 May,all,Rye Bread,"So, all in all, Far Cry: Revolution doesn't do much to distinguish itself from the other Far Cry games in the franchise. I would honestly suggest that you play Far Cry 3: Blood Dragon for the best Far Cry experience. What I am saying is this game cloned Far Cry and slapped a rebellion paintjob on it. I got it for 12$ with all DLC, so aside from mediocre gameplay that Far Cry really did better, this game really fails to impress, in fact it frustrates in many areas because although it completely copies the far cry formula, there are some key areas mechanically that are broken, such as snipers instantly setting off the global alarm if their raycast so much as grazes you. Yes, the entire stealth mechanic appears to be pure raycasts, as I can get detected in some very stealthy areas, but also somehow be completely hidden behind a wire trash can.Only buy this if on 12$ sale, and the DLC campaigns are way better than the main story.I had lots more typed (which fit the character count) but steam a♥♥♥♥♥♥and can't into posting reviews of that magnitude.My suggestions would have been pointless anyhow as the developers would never have read it."
