user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,223220,7754439,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,[AReV]BavarianGod,"http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Wg4wQzSG5iATrue to most 2D platfomer conventions the plot is quite simplistic. The player controls Giana as she searches for her sister Maria who has been kidnapped in the Dream World by a dragon. This provides the simple impetus for Giana's journey through The Dream World which she has the ability to manipulate shifting her persona between a cute girly girl that inhabits a halloween inspire iteration of the dream world and an edgier punk chick who traverses a variation of the Dream world that is more colorful and cheery. Giana's personas also have different special abilities. The cutesy Giana has a graceful twil jump that allows her to glide through the air over extended distances while the punk Giana can launch herself forward as a fireball. Swapping between these personas and mixing up moves to traverse the environment in integral to surviving Giana. The persona shifting in Giana Twisted Sisters is similar to the time shifting mechanic in Sonic CD except that it can be performed on the fly and you are in no way limited to how often or how many times you can shift.Black Forest Games does a commendable job making the most of this gameplay mechanic. The shifting mechanic also adds a puzzle element to the game. Figuring out which sisters maneuvers will allow you to best proceed through an area is the central puzzle theme. It's fast paced and never leaves you scratching your head for long but keeps you mentally engaged with your surroundings. Platforms will apprear in one dimension that don't appear in another, platforms move in a certain direction with one persona while moving in another with the opposite persona, enemies change completely requiring one persona to defeat the enemy while the other can use the defeated enemy as a traversal tool... There is almost always something new in Giana SistersWhile Giana Sisters starts as a cakewalk the difficulty ramps up quickly as you are required to shift dozens of times to complete small stretches of levels. Some areas require you to cacoon yourself in bubble gun and float through razor sharp crystals, others require you to run through a gauntlet of obstacles while being chased by a wall of fire. Boxes can be pushed to create raised platforms and some levels have a more open design that require Giana to collect several keys in an undetermined order to open a passageway to a new area. These challenges are remixed and recycled into devilish combinations late in the game.It's backdrops are colorful and layered with detail. The juxtaposition between the dimensions is natural and entirely seemless. It is easy to spend time shifting between dimensions in some areas just to see how objects in one dimension are translated in the other dimension. Large hollowed out tree trunks in the cheery dimension become massive reptilian skulls, wells become rotted tree stumps, owls become horned demons... Texture resolutions are high and effects for things like water are far from generic with cloudy patches and bubbles. It is unfortunate that most of the same elements are reused for much of the game. Assests from the first level are found in great abundance in later stages and while I appreciate a 2D platformer that doesn't fall into fire, ice and desert level cliches, a greater degree of variety would have been appreciated.While perhaps one of the most obscure franchises to be resuscitated in recent memory Giana Sisters proves itself to be a worthwhile and enjoyable experience. It's colorful, challenging, and makes excellent use of a handful of mechanics. It is perhaps the best mix of platforming puzzles and reflex based gameplay on the market. While the limited soundtrack and small pool of art assets can make the last portion of the game a little less invigorating than the first, it does little to take away from the excellent gameplay. If you have conquered Donkey Kong and saved princess Peach a dozen times from the clutches of Bowser than it's time you considered shifting through Dream Land as teenage hero Giana."
,Recommended,223220,9050758,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,MrNinjaSquirrel,"For a game billing itself as a retro platformer, Giana Sisters: Twisted Dreams almost seems to go out of its way to break the mold that has formed out of such a rapidly populating genre. Shunning away from its restrictively minimalistic, outrageously challenging and graphically simplistic peers, it preserves and refines the classic platformer gameplay while giving it a modern face life. Giana Sisters is one of the most visually impressive games the genre has ever seen, but it's when you combined its looks with how well it plays that it becomes something really special.Although I wouldn't call minimalistic, Giana Sisters is certainly apureplatformer. The difference between the two which I feel is important to define, is that the former is intentionally designed to be basic to the largest degree possible, while the later takes the fundamental gameplay of the genre and doesn't add extra systems or mechanics because it doesn't need to to be fun. This is one of Giana Sisters biggest strengths and one of the reason it feels like a classic platformer from the 8 and 16-bit days but with all the benefits of current technology, and not simply a game designed to emulate the era.The one additional mechanic to the typical running, jumping and dodging of any platformer is the world switching of the two sisters. With the press of a button you can shift between them, going from the lighthearted and colorful environment of the first to the hellish nightmare of the second. Both the music and graphics drastically change between the two, an effect that is incredibly cool to witness, but alternating between worlds also plays into the gameplay with certain platformers and machines only appearing and functioning in one or the other, as well as certain objects reversing direction or their entire physical property. It sounds more complicated than it actually is and takes only moments to grasp when you see it in action, but is used intelligently in conjuncture with the other obstacles in the game to test your skills and reflexes without resulting to cheap level designs or traps.I should probably point out that yes, this is a very difficult game, but it isn't that way right from the start. The challenge is a gradual slope and it wasn't until the last handful of levels that I felt it was seriously demanding. Checkpoints are plentiful and there is no penalty when you die, both of which make this a rather accessible game even for those usually scared off from supposedly ""hardcore"" platformers. If it proves too easy there are several additional difficulty levels some of which are quite frankly ridiculously brutal in design, and conversely if you find you can't handle the normal levels an easy mode has since been patched in for those that want to enjoy the game without risking an aneurysm.If there is one thing that sets Giana Sisters apart from everything else though, it would be the astounding presentation. The graphics are stunning, with textures bursting with detail and color, and impressive water and lighting effects complimenting the great ascetic design (which is even more impressive when you consider there are technically two renditions of object, enemy and environment in the game, one for each of the sisters' worlds). Animations are immaculate, especially the transitions when you swap sisters and have the world transform around you. The soundtrack jointly composed by  Chris Hülsbeck and Swedish metal band Machinae Supremacy, each playing their own arrangement of the same track, is simply amazing and like everything else switches seamlessly as you swap sisters, creating a very memorable and original sound that is worth the price of admission by itself.The only thing Giana Sisters manages to falter with is variety. While I enjoyed everything about the game it didn't take very long before I felt like I was running in place, replaying the same level with a few minor tweaks that were hardly noticeable in the grand scheme of things. You are essentially dodging the same enemies and traps the entire game, with only the exact placement of them changing slightly from level to level. This problem is extrapolated by each level taking anywhere from 10-15 minutes to complete, a length that begins to drag after a point and had me wishing for more numerous but shorter levels that I could better apportion for prolongation consumption.Giana Sisters: Twisted Dreams is perhaps the best example yet that the classic platformer is not dead but merely neglected and misunderstood. Although it doesn't hold up well for extended play, for bite sized sessions it is still a great deal of fun. The soundtrack is marvelous (and I don't even like metal traditionally) and everything polished to a degree that sets a new standard for indie developers. If my overly enthusiastic hyperbole hasn't convinced you that this is worth your time I'm not sure what will, but just know that you'll be missing out on a great game if you decide to pass this up.Buy it, play it, love it; you can thank me later.You can read more of my writing onKritiqal."
,Not Recommended,223220,445995,"Posted: 7 February, 2013",all,Soüp,"Giana Sisters is a platformer where you play as two sisters.  Each sister has a special ability (fireball and twirl) that you have to use to make your way through levels.  You will find checkpoints along the way that you will return to after dying, which you will do a lot.  There's plenty of secret areas to find and lots of little crystals to collect, though their only purpose is to determine how many stars you are rewarded for completing the level (the purpose of which is to unlock the boss levels and if you score high enough on every level, hardcore mode.  Good luck with that.)This game has a wonderful aesthetic.  When you switch characters, the world around to morphs to match the personality of the sister you are currently controlling and the music changes with it.  The music is really well done and switches seamlessly between styles.  Unfortunately that's really the only good thing about the game.Giana Sisters starts out fun and fresh introducing you to the world.  You'll quickly discover the controls leave something to be desired, especially the fireball which has a habit of rocketing you towards an enemy just slightly out of range, then ending one pixel before hitting it so you instantly die.  Puzzles rapidly become more complex and deathtraps start appearing everywhere while the checkpoints get further apart and before you know it the game has become a trial-and-error exercise in frustration.  I stopped enjoying the game about halfway through but I slogged through the rest to see if it got any better.  It didn't.I find it hard to recommend this game since there's a lot of better platformers out there that aren't nearly as frustrating."
76561198074601889,Not Recommended,223220,8481636,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Signas,"TRY THE DEMO BEFORE BUYING THIS GAME! (I sure wish I did.)I really like platformers and bought Giana Sisters to get more of that goodness as it looked gorgeous. At first I thought it was an okay game, but soon I grew really tired of it.The main gimmick of Giana Sisters is switching between light and dark world. You can switch whenever and wherever at will. The switch mechanic feels forced, artificial and really out of place. You have to keep constantly switching thorough stages and sometimes in a split-second timing to avoid a deathtrap. Take a look at Trine. It has the switch system done right. You have 3 different characters and almost always you also have 3 ways to approach the stages. Sometimes you didn't have to switch characters in a stage at all. In Giana Sisters there is always only one way and it will require switching and numerous times at that.The stages get really long  and tiresome quickly. There is too little variance. It almost feels like you were playing the same stage over and over again.My last complaint is the fact that the game is in ""2,5D"". It would have worked a lot better in pure 2D as it is sometimes hard to see deathtraps because of the foreground objects or camera angle, which cannot be changed. 2,5D also causes bugs and glitches. I have got stuck inside solid platforms more than once without any hope to get out. Once just before the goal.This platformer lover is disappointed."
76561198048587276,Recommended,223220,14954671,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,รкг๏๏ℓ๏๏รε,"Giana Sisters: Twisted Dreams is an impressively fun and well crafted platforming game. It has the perfect balance between precision platforming and forgiving level design that it doesn't feel like the game is overly difficult just to frustrate you. It also has spectacular graphics and the switching mechanic is well done.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=294213109You may think that the game shows all of its mechanics at the beginning of the game, but you would be wrong. There is plenty of different ideas executed to keep the gameplay from being boring.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=291159329It also has a great amount of exploration in the levels that will keep you hunting for more and more gems.Oh and collecting gems is one of the most satisfying experiences in this game. Combined with a great soundtrack, heart-warming characters and lots of great levels, Giana Sisters will have you coming back again and again. Just a fair warning, this is still a very difficult platforming game and unless you really like platformers,http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=291332433you will get frustrated by its difficulty early on. It isn't Super Meat Boy levels of hard but it comes within striking distance of that game. The graphics are rather demanding too so you may have to turn them down. But it is a great game to play and one of my favorite platformers.Buy it, play it, love it; you can thank me later."
76561197969417125,Not Recommended,223220,353363,"Posted: 2 March, 2013",all,G00N3R,"Giana Sisters has a fantastic graphic and musical style. Sadly, the gameplay is some of the most frustrating, rage inducing I've had the misfortune to experience. This is due to the controls not being responsive enough for the kind of pixel perfect jumps and split second timed trap sequences that fill each level. Or at least, not with a keyboard. For example, the number of times I was holding two arrow keys to dash diagonally, only to go straight up into an instant death trap. Also not helped by the save system. Its no good having checkpoints every 2 minutes, if you still have to start a level from the beginning if you decide to (rage)quit the game entirely. This forces you to press on through building frustration. And its especially painful on the ridiculously insane boss fights, which come at the end of a 30 minute level. I've given up after 90 minutes trying to kill the end boss. I've got some pretty hard achievements in other games, but this is one that beat me :("
,Recommended,223220,27127947,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Ambient-Symphony,"It has been a very long time since I last wrote a review for a game, so here's my latest input.When Black Forest Games first announced a 3D Side-scrolling Giana Sisters I just couldn't believe.After it's release it eventually became one of my most favorite PC Platformers of all time.Giana Sisters: Twisted Dreams attains a repetitive playstyle while still keeping the game interesting and challenging.There will be levels in-game that require strategy and general puzzle solving skills in order to find the hidden gems and complete a stage with 100%.The replay value of this game may not be super high, but it should be moderate enough to keep even a semi-hardcore gamer satisfied."
,Recommended,223220,24918841,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Akka,"This game borrows a -ton- of elements from classic games.It has the asthetics and gameplay from Donkey Kong Country 2's jungle levels while emphasizing collecting all the little macguffin gemstones like an old Rare N64 game. Your player can descend slowly like Dixie Kong or lunge forward with a lockon spinning air attack like recent Sonic games. Also you actively switch between light and dark verisons of every level with slight alterations between the two like Link to the Past. You actively change dimensions to open gates and reverse the motion of platforms while juggilng your two movement options. The atmosphere and even the music changes completely as you alternate between worlds. Pity they reuse the same song in every level. Frequent checkpoints and infinite lives reduces the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t to pure challenge without wasting your time.That said it's only slightly above mediocre. I didn't feel any connection to the characters and the levels felt really samey. My zeal to collect every gemstone hovers below zero and I feel bad for the people who went out of their way spending dozens of hours backtracking every path to find them.No powerups other than the base sheild, no animals to ride, no projectiles, only jumping on heads.This game is decent but there are dozens of others that outclass it."
,Recommended,223220,9226562,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,VenusInFurs,"A platformer with a twist, you take control of a girl with 2 personalities, one cute, and one punkish, each one got its own ability and you can switch between them at any given time, but each time you switch not only the character change but the world does too, you can control (to some extent) how the world will behave around you, and in order to progress and get good at it you will have to get used to switching fast between the worlds in order to make jumps and progress further in the level, the game is quite challenging but not too hard, you have plenty of checkpoints around and unlimited lives to go.the graphics are pure eye candy and they change between a trippy colorful world and a darker gothic world each time you switch between the characters."
,Recommended,223220,17531848,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,hojusimpson81,"An astonishing reboot of a mostly-forgotten platform clone, Giana Sisters: Twisted Dreams is imaginative, gorgeous, solidly constructed, expertly scored, and too dang hard for my ever-aging hands and reflexes, haha.Giana Sisters isn't simply a traditional 2D platformer but is actually more of a puzzle platformer. You'll need to be crafty and quick, switching between the sisters to best utilize their abilities. It's rather clever, and you'll need to be very precise -- sometimes too precise -- to proceed. Make sure your controller's or keyboard's buttons don't stick at all before you sit down to play!This is not likely to be a game you finish over a weekend, such as DuckTales or Sonic Adventure. Thanks to multiple difficulty levels, bonuses, collectibles, and more, you'll probably chip away at this for a long time.That is, unless it leaves you wondering where your gaming skills went, and you accept your fate and walk away as a lone tear runs down your face."
,Not Recommended,223220,25831177,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,King Link,"Man... Giana Sisters is like half of a good game, and half a bad game.  That doesn't make it bad.  But It also doesn't make it good or great.To start with the game is competent, It's sad how many times I have to say that on Steam, but it's true, this actually is well polished, and quite beautiful.  The loading screens are great, the interface is great.  The only negative is the setup is outside of the game, but you know what?  Minor complaint compared to others.The game itself is quite beautiful and the game play is solid.  Not perfect but the first few levels of the game are good.  The problem I have with it is those first few levels never really feel different.The core of the game is there's two sisters stuck in different worlds.  A light and a dark world.  In the light world things are happy, and beautiful, with the press of a button the player switches to the dark world, which is kind of a Tim Burton look at the world.  Not ""evil"" but ""darkish"".   The game relies on switching between the two worlds.  In each world the sister that's in it gets a different attack, there's a dash move that can be done in any direction, and a twirling attack in the other world.There's different music (similar but one has an awesome electric guitar in them and other has a different melody.  The music blends perfectly when switching.  In fact all the switching mechanics are well done, and surprisingly tight.  I like the theory of the game.There's gems in each world, as well as gems that appear in both worlds and the players can collect them with time.  I mean every mechanic is sound and everything works together for the most part.There's however one issue I want to bring up.  Certain enemies appear to be invincible.  Ok that's what happens, but they don't look that different, so the player doesn't have a way to know they're always invincible.   Even when you switch worlds they appear differently so it looks like someone can attack them in their world while the other is invincible.  Nope for those enemies they're always invincible.  Which is annoying.There's one other big problem with this set up.  The levels are LONG.  Not just a little a long, but it feels like at least the length of four super mario brothers levels from the original game.  It's VERY long.  This isn't the worst thing but there's 21 levels, including boss levels (Which aren't shorter).    Honestly I get bored after two or three levels, and the reason for this is that the levels are the SAME, I mean the backgrounds are similar, the enemies rarely change, and the mechanics really don't change.Overall it's a acceptable game, but that's all it is.  It's not a great game, and it's a shame, because the setup works, if the controls were a touch tighter for a few jumps, it's be good, but the problem is there's no variety, for 10 hours you're looking at the same levels.    T"
,Recommended,223220,14009116,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Purim,its like super mario for experts with a heavy metal soundtrack.9/10 even though i dont like heavy metal.
,Recommended,223220,8369614,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,carigis,"Excellent game... great soundtrack, great scenery and its challenging .. which is becoming a rarity these days as most games are made easy so you are not frustrated...  I definatly recommend you pick this up."
76561198004565666,Recommended,223220,18867408,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,brickey.8,"I would definitely recommend this game to any platformer fan.Pros:* The levels look amazing. Foreground and background layers in some areas are designed to look like they have their own platforms and levels in them, and the same design motifs and objects as the main layer, without actually tricking you into thinking they're usable. The camera zooms in and out as appropriate without getting in the way. Each level is decorated with a variety of objects which shift seamlessly between two worlds. You gotta see it in action to appreciate it.* The platforming is very good. Your two special abilites both control well and are used to their full potential constantly, along with traditional platforming skills. New gameplay elements are added at a steady pace. Difficult at times without being frustrating, at least on normal mode.* The dark world/light world mechanic is explored fully, and is used at virtually every step along the way while rarely feeling forced. Enemy behavior, moving platforms, walls, gems, everything is tied to it.* Levels are huge and full of secret areas.* Two great soundtracks which shift back and forth in a very satisfying way as you play, again reinforcing the dual world mechanic.Cons:* In some cases it can be hard to recognize obstacles that can hurt you in one or both worlds, especially thorny vines which are deadly in one world but recede in the other. Also, the light world's ""deadly water"" color looks very similar to the color of water you can swim in, leading me to occasionally mistake one for the other.* The bosses are a frustrating test of your patience. You have to survive a set number of attacks with only 2 HP until you can hit them. I think it's 9 attacks for the second boss and a whopping 15 for the third boss. Each attack will be something you can dodge *most* of the time, but they're all slow and have long buildups and pauses between them, and if you mess up twice you gotta start all over. A shame, since their attacks are actually creative and fun to dodge... if the whole process wasn't so slow and reset-prone.* The amazing graphics do require a decent system. If you have an older computer or graphics card, be sure to download the demo and try it first."
,Recommended,223220,29089772,Posted: 7 January,all,Valzi,"One of the best platformers you will ever play. If you like Rayman, Super Mario, Super Meat Boy, or Shovel Knight, you're really missing out if you haven't played this and its standalone expansion thingy (which is MUCH harder than this is.)"
,Not Recommended,223220,31005277,Posted: 7 April,all,Sentry,"I really wanted to like the game, but for some reasons I decided to not continue playing it.Good things about it are the graphics and the really awesome soundtrack.Bad things it are that the levels are far too long for a jump'n'run game and also very buggy. I was attempting a no death run of one of the levels, only to get stuck in a wall (clipped through it somehow) and had to replay from the beginning. And from what you can read in the forums, that bug among others has been known for a while now, but they just don't fix it."
,Recommended,223220,8311607,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Panda,One of the best platformers I've ever played. Simply beautiful.Einer der schönsten Platformer die ich jemals gespielt habe.
,Recommended,223220,3594071,"Posted: 23 July, 2013",all,Shadows,Want a 2D platformer that looks and sounds great while adding some new twists to your moves without having to wear a raccoon suit? This is it.
,Not Recommended,223220,11353406,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,ZachDaniel,"So I've owned this game for a year and a half now.  Over the course of that time I've only had the heart to play a few hours, on and off through about a dozen or so times.  I am a♥♥♥♥♥♥for platformers, but Giana Sisters is a bore, and simply not enjoyable.  It took me a long time to put my finger on it, and I'll lay out my problems with it, here, in case anyone is reading this.1.)The graphics are VERY poorly optimized.  I have a fairly decent rig, and even at 1280x720 the framerate and textures are abysmal for me.2.)The controls feel really bad.  A good game (like Mario, or Super Meat Boy) makes you feel like death is your fault for a lack of skill.  Half my deaths in Giana Sisters feel like it's the controls fault. It's hard to describe, but you know it when you play it.3.) The collect-a-thon of gems.  It seems entirely pointless.  I had absolutely no incentive to explore and collect gems.  If they were used for something (lives, or a minimum to move on to the next level), but as it stands, unless you're nuts about collecting stuff, gems are useless.  Not to mention, it doesn't fit thematically ... you're off to rescue your sister, so why waste your time getting money and shiz?4.) The story is generic and boring, but that's just opinion.5.) The music is so vapid, and trying too hard to be grandiose, and becomes generic very quick.6.) There are about 6 lame enemy types in the whole game.  *yawn*I dunno ... I'm boring myself just thinking about it.  Everything this game does, Super Mario Bros. 3, and dozens and dozens of other games do better, so go get those.Good luck."
,Recommended,223220,7791234,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Minoru Leonardo,"Personal rating: 8/10What about Giana Sisters - Twisted Dreams?This seemingly cute and unambitious platformer will prove that you should never judge a book by its cover. It sports increasingly challenging level making use of the core mechanic; dual world that can change how enemies and the environment behaves around you.The game is so cutesy, it must be easy! Hint: It is notAlthough the game starts simple and easy it soon becomes one of the most difficult platforming games with long levels full of secret paths leading to more gems, which you will need to explore if you wish to earn the best rank.After a point in the game you'll realize it became much more difficult and the game isn't as simple as you may have thought. Sure it went easy on you, but once the hard levels start popping up don't expect to see any other easy coming as a breather.Platformer that requires precision requires good controlsAnd Giana Sisters delivers it. The controls feel amazingly smooth and responsive and the glitches are few between none.There is ONE problem with it, though: the floating bubblegum. You have few levels that requires the usage of it and the controls are so sensitive and floaty that the slightest miscalculation will send you into a wall or an enemy and possibly to your demise.The difficultyGiana Sisters: Twisted Dreams will not disappoint those seeking for a challenge having several difficulty levels, but you must earn the right to play them first.You have Hardcore (no checkpoints, mind that some levels are quite long) and even Über Hardcore (one death and it's Game Over).However people who are looking for simpler, less difficult game can always opt for the Easy difficult which adds one thing or two to avoid instant death and removes some of the nastier tricks in each stage.Amazing soundtrackThe music is dissonant in-game: you'll hear a heavy remix as punk Giana while having cute graphics and a much more relaxed tune while as cute Giana while having a nightmarish background. The music itself? Amazing is one word to describe it.Finishing upOverall Giana Sisters: Twisted Dream is a very original and satisfying game which will certainly please anyone who gets past it's ""cutesy"" cover."
,Recommended,223220,8455856,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,ownosourus,"Twisted Dreams is the ultimate mash up between modern game design and old school platformer. The common usage of power-ups is left behind when everything is unlocked from the very beginning. Instead it's your way of playing that has to evolve in sync with the gradually higher difficulty on later levels.Twisted Dreams brings back an unlikely product of a derivative time and gives it unique life. It's a positive early argument for Kickstarter revivals and while it still works in known quantities, it provides a hellishly difficult and sweet platformer that finally provides a non-ironic reason to enjoy the Giana Sisters."
76561198067538549,Recommended,223220,33532561,Posted: 14 July,all,C R O S E R,"at frst I thought it 's one of theses boring clone game but I was wrong,this game is super challenging especialy in later level,it's game about collecting,so you need certain gems like red or blue to pass  certain level,boss fight is super hard any mistake or bad slip and you're done for,level design is cool but feels the same after some times,It's not best platformer game out there,I think it deserve 6/10 worth playing in my scale"
76561198037829699,Recommended,223220,33626895,Posted: 18 July,all,yor102,"I haven't finished this game yet, but decided to write a review anyways. I guess I'm not really one for platformers - other games I must finish first and limited time - but of all 2D platformers I've tried or played this one is very enjoyable. It takes the cake. I think its best features are the design and the music. As you can tell I'm not really an authority on platformers, but I very much like the game mechanics. They're predictable, yet challenging. As far as I know it doesn't really have any downsides... Except I think so far the level design hasn't been very obvious.Let me mention the music again. It's the best thing since sliced bread if you're into the genre. Highly subjective of course, but... Wow."
,Recommended,223220,8425912,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Etsuyo,I have loved this game back at highschool when we had computer courses and it's so cool to see it back again. What I love about Giana Sisters is that it's a nice change to take a break from all the other bigger named games we all usually play and a good way to relax to a more simple game :3
76561198052897531,Not Recommended,223220,26289653,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,hs5rb,"The game is bugged, and it has been bugged since 2013 at least. In my case, and in the case of a number of other posters on the forum, the view is aligned to the extreme right, and the only way to center it is to play with the keyboard. Also, still no Linux version, which was promised in 2015."
76561197971052470,Recommended,223220,26480092,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Basch,"This is absolutely an awesome platform game. The graphics are amazing and the way the world changes when you switch character is stunning. The music also changes when switching. The same song keeps playing, but in a different style.I also like the differences between the two sisters and their capabilities. It's awesome to smash everything to bits with the Punk Gianna, but I really like the music better of the other Gianna.I've long searched for games which are like Trine 1 and 2, but this comes very close. Very nicely done. I like it."
,Recommended,223220,21725783,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,TGrG,"A wonderful 2.5D platformer, with gorgeous aesthetics; visuals and music. The backbone of the gameplay is the dual-world mechanic, which is accessed by switching between the two sisters. Switching changes the level slightly, by unlocking new areas, opening or closing doors, creating or destroying traps. In order to progress and get gems (because it's always about gems), the player is required to learn how to handle the switch quickly and efficiently.Each of the sisters has her own style. The switch of the music from spooky castle to punk rock is extremely appealing and while the game does often provide the frustrations that are standard for the platform genre, it's never particularly unfair toward the player. Controls are tight -tighter than most platfomers- though a gamepad is recommended simply for enhanced experience.It's the best platformer I've played in years and I would recommend to every fan of the genre. The only downside I can think of is that there is nothing here for those who aren't fans of platformer games to change their mind."
,Not Recommended,223220,13116608,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,"BEETS, by Dr. Borscht","A pretty competent game with some decent level design and music (it's been stuck in my head for days!), but it's sorely lacking in the ""X-factor"" department to make it stand-out from any other game. And with all things considered, the world-swapping mechanic which is lauded by the game's description & other reviews is not much more than a gimmick, and you'll be hard-pressed to remember much about the game after you're done with it.You may also have trouble finishing the last 1/3rd of the game because at that point, as the recycled art assets, music, and enemies will start to become pretty monotonous. And the last boss -- which is where I quit playing the game -- was also very poorly-designed and frustrating because waiting for it to go through its sequence of moves tookforever. I counted, and whenever you respawn the boss takes around 15 seconds to begin his first attack. And the maximum time it took in-between attacks in his sequence was 26 seconds. It all adds up and you'll get frustrated from the boredom of waiting, rather than from it being difficult.I'm putting specific emphasis on the boss because I honestly can't remember a whole lot about the game (the boss is fresh in my mind right now), and it ruined any little sense of momentum I had in the last few levels. It really does become a blur of tedium towards the end, and the mandatory-to-progress ""Collectathon"" aspect of the game especially wore thin by then.With that, the ""Rise of the Owlverlord"" expansion was actually really good. I initially went into it with extreme reluctance because of how mind-numbing the original game was, but I had a great time with it. The level design was interesting and varied, and had a much speedier pace due to the design and being able to bum-rush them since a collectable-quota was not required to progress. The boss was also enjoyable and challenging. Took me about 50 minutes to beat the 7 levels.Overall, I'd stay clear of this game though, since there are much, much better platformers out there."
,Recommended,223220,109385,"Posted: 23 July, 2013",all,SinicalGeek,"Another awesome deal. Borrowing from the creative styles of platformer king Trine, Giana Sisters: Twisted Dreams brings something new to the table with two alternate worlds that are switched between by the player that completely changes the environment, objects, as well as the creatures that inhabit them.At $3.00 right now on Steam, I would recommend this title to any fan of platformers or just great music!"
,Recommended,223220,8165335,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,thro,"Get it now while its on sale!  Best 5 bucks you'll spend.  Awesome graphics, awesome soundtrack, original gameplay."
76561198062996581,Recommended,223220,6289391,"Posted: 29 December, 2012",all,Jim Bexley Speed,"While sidescrollers are not normally my type of game, Giana Sisters is an exception.And how exceptional it is. It has an interesting score, which changes between the sister's personalities, and the gameplay and the environment change as well. It plays like a sonic sidescroller, except you can change characters instantaneously. I give this game a must buy rating, though you should probably wait till its on sale (for your wallet's sake)."
,Recommended,223220,908904,"Posted: 28 December, 2012",all,Keonyn ♣,"I've always enjoyed platformers, but with their popularity rising in the indie circuit it seems the vast majority of these new platformers rely on the whole ""it's nostalgic and nostalgia is cool"" thing and present so little else beyond a generic game. Then many of the others try to be artsy and while some like ""Limbo"" work, the rest are just try hards with weak concepts.Giana Sisters is one of the first new platformers I've played in awhile that actually feels like a well made solid and professional game and more than some artsy twist to an old genre or a nostalgia reliant paint-by-the-numbers game. This game is almost Sonic like in some respects and is easily as polished and fun as any Sonic or Mario game ever was. If you're a fan of platformers, particularly the old school Sonics or maybe Earthworm Jim and the like, then I couldn't recommend Giana Sisters more."
,Recommended,223220,176378,"Posted: 1 September, 2013",all,Bitterman,"I have only been playing for an hour or so but I really like this game, the artwork is stunning, the music is good, and the game play is simple, yet fun.   I am playing with a keyboard but it would probably be even better with a controller."
76561198053990125,Recommended,223220,8444208,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Aldrox,Brilliant platformer game. I just wanted to try but spend over 2 hours on it first run. The mechanism of switching between sisters very often in fast tempo is something really enjoying and unique. I love as well the morphing effect and changes berween both worlds which make many of well thought situations for player.Would be really nice for children but for small ones would be quite tough after first few levels.
,Recommended,223220,7751045,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Aquaserge,"A very nice change of pace for the recent influx of side scrollers that seem to have made a comeback in the past couple of years. Changing between light and dark is seemless and absolutly beautiful. The music also changes tone from light to dark as you slip in and out of madness just as effortlessly, and is probably one of my favorite parts of the game. The difficulty is challanging at times even on normal, especially the end boss. If you have the chance to grab this, don't pass it up."
,Recommended,223220,1121582,"Posted: 23 November, 2012",all,Kligan,"It is beautiful and challenging game with tight controls and amazing level design.If you like platformers, you won't regret buying it.And don't forget the music by Machinae Supremacy. It is awesome!"
,Recommended,223220,7560907,"Posted: 3 November, 2013",all,LordArchantos,"Fun 2(.5)D platformer with beautiful art, awesome soundtrack (x2), and tight controls. Gameplay is solid, and levels are fun. For those who, like me, find the game a bit on the easy side due to the plentiful checkpoints and no lives, there are two hardcore modes to provide a challenge. Though, sadly, they need to be unlocked through normal mode. All in all, Giana Sisters: Twisted Dreams is a solid, fun 2D platformer."
76561198101453313,Not Recommended,223220,14700983,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Mreitsma,"Giana Sisters: Twisted Dreams is a somewhat unique game that manages to be bland at the same time. The main mechanic of the game is this: you play as a girl with a basic jump and can use it in a Mario style attack. You have two alter egos that you can switch between at any time. One of them allows you to quickly dash via transforming into a fireball anywhere, and one allows you to swirl through the air slowly, kind of like Dixie Kong. It's a unique mechanic that is the focal point of the entire game. The environment will also change depending on who you are (platforms fade away, spikes pop out of surfaces), so sometimes you may have to fireball dash and then change immediately after or even during your fireball dash.That's the game in a nutshell. Good things about this game? The art. This game is fully 3D has backgrounds with many, many layers of things going on in them, like waterfalls or windmills. When you change your personality, the environment will morph it it looks kind of neat. This game also has various modes to play, like time attack or score attack.Unfortunately, that's where the good things end.So what went wrong? Well, this game feels like 2 people started making a game without looking at the budget and blew it all on the art. Despite having great graphcis, it feels very hollow and empty. You'll see the same enemies and environments over and over again, and despite having great art, it becomes tiresome to look at. There's problems with gameplay, too. It's all style and no substance. It's sometimes difficult to tell what is where and what can be jumped on and what can't, because the background is such a big part of the visuals. The camera zooms in too much on the player, and by the time you'll see some stuff, it's already on you. While you can adjust it, you don't exactly have time to fiddle with it while you're jumping around and trying to stay alive. Hitboxes are wonky, but not horrible. The controls are bad. I don't know quite how to descibe it, but jumping around and changing direction felt slightly unresponsive. Sometimes, you'll be in a bubble and have to float around the level, and he controls for this are god awful. Trying to slow down or change direction is a nightmare, and this is even worse when combined with the fact that some parts requires speed on a stop-and-go basis.It's not a horribly bad game. If the gameplay aspect were polished up a bit, and the difference between the background and foreground were made more clear, I would definitely reccomend this game. But as it is, it isn't worth the full price. I picked it up at around 3 bucks, and I wouldn't pay any more, now that I know what the game is like. If you love platformers and see this on sale, you may want to pick it up. Otherwise, you'll want to spend your money on something else."
,Recommended,223220,2635870,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,Hati,"Great soundtrack, pleasant and potentially challenging game, can't give an unbiased recommendation because childhood memories give me fuzzy feelings playing this."
76561197986536631,Recommended,223220,1093971,"Posted: 3 September, 2013",all,Dr.Disaster,"Jump and runs never been my kind of game but i had to get this one! It simply looks, sounds and also plays absolutely gorgeous. Alone the seemless switching between cutie's and punkie's world and music more then once let me stop and enjoy the scenery. Even though it gets really hard pretty soon you can't help but to fall in love with this game"
,Recommended,223220,2730294,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,Jag Gentlemann,Nice side scroll plataformer with great graphics.
76561197995684619,Not Recommended,223220,25612142,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,GetShrekt,"Great music and visuals. However, for a platform that often relies on precision to complete a puzzle it has very floaty controls. You'll often falling off ledges or running into enemies when your character doesn't stop moving like you'd expect her to."
,Recommended,223220,2357961,"Posted: 7 February, 2013",all,fiftydwarves,"A fairly nice and generally pleasant experience with many things done properly - the difficulty for the most part is just in the right spot between challenging and 'solve with your left feet while drinking tea and watching House on tv in the middle of apocalypse while being heavily drunk and soaring in space unconcious', the controls are simple and responsive, the graphics are rather cozy, the music is catchy when it's not annoying ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ out of you, and it's nearly perfect in the 'a level per day (week, Christmas, lifetime) mode'.But you know how the experience of the ending affects the whole experience of the thing sometimes and drastically changes it? Well, Giana Sisters is a ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥ The final boss is not just ridiculously hard - it's harder than to draw enjoyment from Heavy Rain. It's harder than beatboxing for two months straight. It's harder than donating your third kidney. It's harder and more frustrating than Dark Souls. Seriously.So there. Pussied out. Like a boss, hopefully. Unless somebody pressed RT while I was writing it and then it wou... Oh no."
,Recommended,223220,34299696,Posted: 16 August,all,Ranseurs,"Giana Sisters: Twisted Dreams is not an ordinary platformers. Only play this game if you interested in challenging platformer because to beat this game, you need patience, strategy, and the most important thing is concentration.+The graphic is wonderful.+Level design is nice too (very challenging and stage variation is quite varied).+The concept of the game is really good I think. You will control Giana with two different personalities and different world. So in every level, you must choose the right personalities to move forward.-Some stage will make the player bored because it's very very long (and difficult), especially stage before the boss battle.Recommended: 7/10"
76561197975845420,Recommended,223220,33550796,Posted: 14 July,all,Not John Malkovich,"Cute game, good platformer."
76561197972871432,Recommended,223220,28749545,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,foxi,"+ Great, lovely graphics+ amazing music plus overall ambience.+ can be very challenging+ the ""dream/nightmare"" change in the world and Giana's abilities is a very cool and original aspect of the game.- somewhat counterintuitive controls- unpolished gameplay- challenging even on ezemode, ie. badly designed overall difficulty levels... it's cool to have a hardcore mode, but kinda fails when easymode and hardmode don't differ in any noticeable way (all being perhaps a bit too challenging, considering there should be hard and hardcore modes as well).Also keeps freezing up a bit too much, to the point where the game is almost unplayable on a few years' old system. I assume it runs smoothly on top-edge machines tho.Bottom line: the sound, graphics and level design are all superb.. really, really great. Gameplay is ok. However, the underlying technical/control/difficulty aspects are meh at best. Designers 1 / programmers 0.Still gotta recommend it, if not for anything else, for 80's nostalgia."
76561197985603637,Recommended,223220,1060439,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,Frost,"Decent platformer with a forgiving checkpoint system. Gameplay is mostly about collecting hidden gems. Both characters have an ability that you use to get around the level, but switching between them is simple and fluid. Good looking game, with a great (though too small) soundtrack.Only downside I can think of is that boss fights are way too hard."
,Recommended,223220,8361116,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Zkrizt,Good platformer!
,Recommended,223220,4260975,"Posted: 26 October, 2012",all,Xelios,"Giana Sisters: Twisted Dreams is one of the best sidescrolling platformers I've played.  All you know is your sister was kidnapped by a dragon and you F*ING LOVE collecting gems, but what girl doesn't and what more motivation do you need?In your journey through 23 levels there exists a light and dark dream world you may instantly switch between at any time, with no limitations. Each world grants you unique powers and has its own graphics, animations and music. The transition between these dimensions is seamless. Each will change pathways, platforms and deadly environmental objects.  These mechanics aren't an afterthought; they're flawlessly executed and the very essence of the game.It'll hold your hand for a few tutorialish levels then quickly jerk you into reality, getting more brutal and demanding of your timing, precision and use of world switching with each level.  Fortunately, checkpoints are generous pre-hardmodes and the game has now implemented an easy difficulty, which is roughly equivalent to normal in most other games.Great soundtrack, beautiful, achievements, and native 360 support."
76561197967346265,Recommended,223220,7755812,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Deja Vu,"Gameplay is pretty simplistic with little variance, but the levels are absolutely beautiful."
,Recommended,223220,188345,"Posted: 10 August, 2013",all,Der Kanzler,"If you like twitch-reflex-style, hardcore platformers like Super Meat Boy, you will love this. I like that this also has appeal for less-twitchy gamers, but be prepared to hate your gamepad ... a lot!Check out Über Hardcore mode: you die, you start the game from the very first level again!"
,Recommended,223220,9355260,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Ẕẕ Poulpito,Nice graphics and musics.
,Recommended,223220,8068343,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,DyCherii,A twisted game with the twisted level design which will makes you fall into despair.
,Recommended,223220,8366062,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,CPA,"I generally despise ""jumping"" games, because, well, I'm just not good at them.  And I seem to get worst the older I get.  However, there's a charm about GS that kept pulling me back.  Yes, it's difficult at times, but nothing seems impossible.  Just takes some patience and several retries.Lots of secrets.  Transitioning between the sisters is smooth and required for most of the game.  Graphics are top notch and combat is intuitive.  Lots of levels, as well.  Honestly, I don't have much bad to say about the game.  Just get it, you won't be disappointed."
76561197984766604,Recommended,223220,9273432,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Imamar,"Review of Giana Sisters : Twisted Dreams by my alter ego Jim MorrisonBreak on through to the other side man. Break on through. Listen to my words baby, and see I’m telling the truth. In this remake of ancient platform game of dreams and dimensions, you will find Giana trying to save her sister Maria, who is held captive by a giant dragon man. What has he done to Giana’s sister? She is being ravaged and plundered and he ripped her and bite her. We want to save her, and save her now!Game is published by Black Forest Games. They did a great job. They light the fire baby, and took it higher than ever before. This remake goes over the moon and back, just to see those happy faces we love so much. When I was a kid of very young age, I got Giana Sisters from my dad. I love you dad, I want to hug you. When I was playing it, I could feel how my spirit went away happily singing. Now it has returned. While I travelled this far without my spirit; I feel like a child, like a flower, floating in the breeze man, to have the chance to play this game again. The reaction I get now, thinking about it, looking back, is the game is leaping to my soul. I got to spread the love man.Hello I love you, won’t you tell me your name. Hello I love you, let me jump in your game. Too bad this game doesn’t have multiplayer. It’s the only negative vibe I’m getting man. Giana has two personas, the cute and punk. If I would say to you girl, just press jump and you can experience the doors of perception, would you take me higher? If you say no, I’m going to feel unwanted and strange. When you’re strange no one remembers your name. Remember this name baby, Giana Sisters: Twisted Dreams."
,Recommended,223220,31149060,Posted: 14 April,all,ᄃЯӨMIGПӨП,"This is the series refresh that does everything right that Sonic 4 got wrong. The final boss level is a PITA, but everything up to that point is great. The controls are tight and responsive, the movement is speedy and molasses-free, the art and animation are fluid, and the music is....crunchy? You know, like a bowl full of Chex Mix. It can be sweet and salty one bite, then tangy and savoury the next."
,Recommended,223220,811590,"Posted: 28 October, 2012",all,mark | dj.,"A beautiful old school platformer. It's colorful, looks great and plays fine with a controller, too. The character you control can switch between two realms on-the-fly; one is a happy, colorful world, the other one is a dark, twisted world. You'll have to switch between these world in order to progress, while collecting gems as well.Note that these gems are important. Normally I wouldn't have mentioned them but since I see it as a design flaw I have to bring it up anyway. There are some levels where you need to have a certain amount of stars (gained by collecting gems and not dying) before you can play them. If it's something I hate (not always by the way, it depends on the game/challenge), it is working for my game. I play games to relax, I *don't* want games to tell me I can't play a certain level because I didn't feel like collecting everything. It makes me want to stop playing it altogether.So... that's what I did.But if you don't mind all that this might just be for you.[Rating: 73/100]"
,Recommended,223220,12284227,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,ajz,And the soundtrack made by Machinae Supremacy is damn straight awesome!
,Recommended,223220,10862761,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Flandre,"Very challenging, but fun. Gorgeous graphics and amazing music by the great Machinae Supremacy makes this an entertaining journey to blast through. The platforming and mechanics are rather simple, but enjoyable in its way. Switching and alternating between the 2 different worlds is a fun concept, and works really well into this game.I recommend this game to platform players, as this ... well, literally has a twist to it."
,Not Recommended,223220,22558492,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Une truite,"Game is beautiful, concept is a really good idea. And that's all for the qualities. I don't mind when games are hard, but at least it should be FUN, and Giana Sisters is NOT. Rex Rocket was harder than this one IMO, but at least it was REALLY fun. Giana Sisters is boring, you only feel like playing one or two levels max a day because it is frustrating. Sometimes level design is an obstacle to the game itself, since you can't use proper mechanics to escape when you're in danger. Luck is your best friend. Honestly, save yourself some trouble and just don't buy this game."
,Recommended,223220,3519422,"Posted: 24 July, 2013",all,pancho,スーパーマリオを露骨にパクったことで任天堂がブチ切れたといういわく付きのゲーム地味にシリーズ化していて今作は３作目にあたる今作はマリオというよりもソニックに近いついでにシューティングゲームの斑鳩的要素もあって、いろいろとごちゃまぜになっているが、これが不思議と合っているかなりの死に覚えゲー
,Recommended,223220,8828949,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,deeLaw,"What a wonderful game. This is an oldschool platformer to the tee. It has mechanics that remind me of Crash Bandicoot, Rayman:Origins, and Sonic. I love the simplicity in this game, collect gems, and find your way out without getting killed. Even if you were killed it wouldn't penalize you. Overall this is a 5/5 casual platformer for someone to sit back and widn down to after a long day. Did I mention the soundtrack is amazing and very flexible? It has 'Cute' AND 'Punk' depending on which ""personality"" you play as. Definitely worth the $15. Buy it now and enjoy!"
,Recommended,223220,8862185,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,octanus,"This isn't your everyday run of the mill platformer. This game can require some serious skill to complete. You make your way through mazes of levels collecting gems and large gem clusters as unlockables. While you don't necessarily have ""lives"" the game will record how many times you die per level and reward you upon completion. Don't let that get in your way though there are multiple difficulty levels, so you're sure to beat the game even if a level gets too challenging.Twisted Dreams is a fun mix of casual gaming twisted together with hardcore platforming! Definately worth picking up if you love platformers."
,Recommended,223220,9698485,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,giljaysmith,It's just too hard for my old withered claws. I reached the first boss and died a lot. My days of reliving the 90s when I could one-hand Turrican without losing a life are over ;)
,Not Recommended,223220,17691726,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Razenole,"Bland ""world switching"" mechanic and even blander forgettable level designs. Not only all of that, but it's pretty ugly to boot. Wouldn't reccomend this at all."
,Recommended,223220,5380480,"Posted: 16 March, 2013",all,schwachi1973,"Awesome Platformer, highly recommended.Played the original on C64 so long time ago.My daughter loves watch me playing this, only Mario is better.My Score 90%"
76561198036193194,Not Recommended,223220,4379161,"Posted: 11 August, 2013",all,Crac,"7/10.Once again, a slight con, the demo is all things to me and I'm loving the sound track.A simple, cute, easy to learn: Get to the other side of gorgeous 'worlds' solving a number of platform/obstacle puzzle while jumping on the baddies, collect the gems for points.The problem is hierarchical. The demo ♥♥♥♥ing rocks.... but try playing a game or GRRRR the ♥♥♥♥ing boss fight and you end up ♥♥♥♥♥♥ drag through the proverbial muck... I love the game, but have no patience for its sadly anal nature. It is a UTTER crying shame an amazing game could be made here IF the ♥♥♥♥ing dev's threw the hardcore anal♥♥♥♥♥♥in the ♥♥♥♥ing bin!Grab a deal if it's on sale... otherwise :'(.... wait it out.Almost all things to me.... just an utter ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥-anal-♥♥♥♥ing-son-of-a-♥♥♥♥♥-son♥♥♥♥♥♥to ace at times. Some things are amazing, But I'm totally lost that insane ♥♥♥♥-wits wanted a game that could be 'impossible'."
,Recommended,223220,1727060,"Posted: 12 July, 2013",all,Grognard_87,"A very fun and inventive adventure game. I love how the mechanics work together makeing this game not only entertaining to play, but also difficult in places. Also when you switch between each girl you have different background music which matches the surrounding and the transformation between the two is so seemless too."
,Recommended,223220,696191,"Posted: 28 December, 2012",all,Kierwynn,"I really don't understand how this was on greenlite. This game is amazingly polished, well layed out, and super fun! It feels like a triple A title, and its cheap too!"
76561198104470061,Recommended,223220,28847683,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,mklotz100,Well made remake of classic C64 game; nice graphics; sometimes difficult puzzles
,Recommended,223220,28764972,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Swo0pLo0pz,Fun and challenging. Looking forward to playing through it and the rest of the games in the series.
,Recommended,223220,24732360,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Jott,I hated every minute of it and yet I recommend it for anyone who likes challenging games of this type.
76561198057255454,Recommended,223220,9151979,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Cytea,awesome game! >=3
,Recommended,223220,11801742,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,jaspi__,"This game is absolutely gorgeous. It has great platforming elements where you switch between two sisters, one being subtle and cute in her ways and the other taking a more hands-on approach and more punk-ish. Frustratingly hard at many times (The ""easy"" mode is the same level of difficulty as other games in ""normal"" mode), but one can't deny its charm. Lots of replayability if you consider yourself a completionist. The controls can get iffy at times (mostly because you press a button and don't land exactly where you want, causing you to die) but thankfully there are enough checkpoints in the levels to compensate for that. Highly recommended!"
76561197969987871,Not Recommended,223220,12830227,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,onesmallmonkey,"I wanted to like this game.  The graphical style is nice, the dual world mechanic with 2 playable characters you can switch out at any time is a good feature but the gameplay is just dull.My biggest frustration with it by far is that the levels are too long.  They are not interesting enough to play through and the 2 types of enemies I encountered in the first 6 levels are brainless jump pads.  To fill out the unnecessarily large levels you have hundreds of gems to collect, they are everywhere and as I’m not someone that enjoys heavy lashings of collectibles in games this just added to the tedium.Add in a poor checkpoint system and I gave up by the end of the first world (6 levels in).  Not because I found it too hard, I just found it boring.Half the level size, shrink the collectibles down to a handful (or keep the hundreds of gems but add something else more meaningful to collect in much smaller numbers) and give the enemies more character (from my experience of the first world that I played). That in my opinion would give you a tighter, more enjoyable experience.For reference I would say Super Mario World is the best 2D platformer ever made.  Meatboy and the rayman Origins are right up there too.  I bring this up because as much as I loved Rayman Legends, the games “more is better” style with the lums was very off putting to me.  If it didn’t bother you there it probably won’t bother you here."
,Recommended,223220,9378690,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,kposkitt,"Absolutely love this game.  It has a sense of the classic early 90's platform games i use to play on the Amiga.  Music, Graphics are very good and the gameplay is challenging.  Can be replayed (will have to, to keep up your gem collection) over again and still great.  When playing the game it does have that classic nostalgic feel, just great:-)Great value game, a must purchase.10/10"
,Not Recommended,223220,13320424,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Nuwanda,"I love platformers, but this one wasn't really fun.The world-switching mechanic doesn't really add anything valuable to the game (as opposed toGuacamelee, for instance).All in all, it was a disappointment."
76561198077539832,Recommended,223220,32519207,Posted: 17 June,all,Lobo Dplayer,"GIANA Big BUG!!!Hi Everyone,Got a realy bad BUG!! Got someone the same??""I can´t load a Level 4"" Everytime I´m trying to play Level 4, Game is frozen."" PLEASE HELPI can´t go threw 4. level why? Developer?? Programators?I play this game since Commodeore 64. Rayman was just KID when I played this game... Realy..Thanks for any answers and opinions, LOVE THIS GAMELoboD"
,Not Recommended,223220,32560361,Posted: 19 June,all,nujumkey,"What i played i enjoyed but i've only been playing for 20 minutes now and i've crashed 2 times. Also the tutorial is giving me controller buttons when i'm playing on keyboard, and the game even asked whether or not i'm playing on keyboard at the start of the game. It can't be that hard to keep track of what my answer was. Also, no button rebinding.It's probably really fun but considering half my playtime has been spent trying to figure out controls and redoing levels i crashed in, i'm really just done with the game. Mind you the controls aren't too hard. ""D"" does a dash which will turn you into the red sister, ""W"" does a twirl which will turn you into the yellow sister. The switch mechanic is really interesting, maybe i'll play the second game and see if the crashing stops.EDIT: played the second one a bit, same issue with no keybindings. But the game didn't crash on me."
,Recommended,223220,15057405,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,eQu,One of the best games to kill some time. Perfect game for us people who always have to collect everything. It will run you insane!
,Recommended,223220,15266945,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,AK,Great challenging platform game.Beautiful graphics.Best soundtrack ever.
,Not Recommended,223220,15978004,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Tomato,"I was immediately put off by the slippery character movement, cluttered environments, and repetitive gameplay. I finished world 1 and couldn't take it anymore. I recommend you try the demo first to decide if this is what you want in a game.On a semi-related note, I checked out Shovel Knight for my 2D platforming fix. Now THAT'S one amazing game!"
,Not Recommended,223220,12421195,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Joga,"Frustrating. That's the best word to describe Giana Sisters with. I'm no stranger to difficult platformers (Super Meat Boy is one of my favorite games of all time), but this game just doesn't do it for me. The levels are too long, and the checkpoints too few - you end up replaying large sections over and over again because of cheap deaths. This game's been sitting in my backlog for almost 2 years, playing it off and on, because I have to willfully force myself to finish it. The transformation mechanic is neat, the graphics are good, but the level design is filled with leaps of faith, enemies hiding in blind spots, and is just generally not fun to play."
,Recommended,223220,8651078,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Djain,Fun game. Medium difficulty. Small price. Recommended.
,Recommended,223220,8698634,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Yoodiv-Have DESURA games? Msg.,So where was this song?  My fave part of the old Commodore version:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4vdcVqbYR58
,Recommended,223220,8595469,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Kolli,"Giana Sisters: Twisted Dreams is a blast! It looks, sounds and feels good when you play it. Gameplay is solid and fun and is just so well made! I haven't played it for long but I have to say that if it's in sale, I definately recommend it if you like 2D side scrolling games!"
76561198007315805,Not Recommended,223220,15210277,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,amsleeping,Like - creativity. effort into making dual environments.Dislike - soundtrack doesnt suit. not much story development. somehow laggy on my laptop which run equivalent games fine. even laggier with dx9 compared to dx11.
76561197992518781,Not Recommended,223220,19547716,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Punktion,"The game is poorly made for PC, you can't change world (unless you dash or twist), which is okay, you can manage untill you reach lvl 1-6 where you have to do it under water, but you can't dash or twist under water....on lvl 1-1 when they say you can change worlds by pressing ""LT""... on my Computer...."
,Recommended,223220,2548634,"Posted: 22 March, 2013",all,MakiSave™,I'm in love with Giana Sisters Twisted Dreams ;)
76561197998774297,Recommended,223220,8819983,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,BliXerCZ,Best platformer I have ever played. Nice graphics a cool music. Game can be very fast for somebody but I am enjoying it. And very hard too. But worth.
76561198032919000,Not Recommended,223220,18212646,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Kuryux,I bought this expeciting a good co-op experience. Turns out its a SINGLE PLAYER game. FML.
,Not Recommended,223220,12091043,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Zincoshine,"The graphics and sound are incredible, but the gameplay eventually becomes too boring and repetitive to warrant continuing to the end."
,Not Recommended,223220,11088289,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Murloc Chieftain,"I wouldn't recommend this game to anyone who isn't a serious fan of platformers. There is a bit of a steep learning curve, and if you don't absolutely enjoy platform games this really doesn't bring anything new or interesting to the genre. The dark side/light side mechanic is interesting enough, but really doesn't change the whole game too much as it seems to be a one-trick-pony you're shown too many times. I found that despite having been a big rayman fan during their older 2D games that I was not a platformer fan and didn't find anything enjoyable to do with this game.If you ARE a fan of the genre I would suggest you get this game, though probably not at full price (as with almost all games on steam). However I wouldn't recommend this game to most people.The art is fantastic yet somehow the player character models are disgusting. Not a big point here, but it bothered me immensely more than it should have, mostly because the art on the cover actually depicts the sisters as sort of cute/punky looking, instead of the gremlin models you see in the game."
,Not Recommended,223220,8639474,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,bpbrother,"Don't be fooled by the cuteziness of the girls, the happy soundtrack or the mellow level design. This game WILL scramble your balls and eat them for breakfast. While this is a well crafted game (DX11 mode does not work for me, game freezes on startup), I found myself to be more upset about the gameplay than anything. ""Rise of the Owlverlord"" is even worse. Fair enough, that stand-alone addon and this can be beat with some effort, unlike other titles in this genre *coughtheybleedpixelscough*, it does take trial and error. I would not recommend this to anyone except lovers of unfair/uber challenging platformers, especially the modes beyond normal (hard in the add-on) are literally impossible."
,Not Recommended,223220,9506811,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Big Boss,"It's fun at first, but non-changing gameplay mechanics and linear levels keep this game from becoming a true gem.Played it for a few hours, but got sick of it eventually. Who knows? maybe someday I'll find myself coming back and finishing it for a change."
76561198082236204,Recommended,223220,10890206,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,HeatedChimera54,A very fun and cute game to kill time with.
76561197974046543,Recommended,223220,12974939,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Arno,"Bullet pointsVery engaging visualsCore ""twist"" mechanic is a lot of fun and blends well with the platformingNot as hard as the Steam blurb might have you believe (most of the time)Controls very responsive and tight (most of the time)Full reviewI tried this game out because I've been reacquainting myself with the platformer genre recently, and its (the game's) name kept coming up.  I'm really glad I did, because it's an excellent platformer with quite a bit of replay value if you're a completionist who likes the OCD reward of a bunch of gem-hunting (I'm not, quite, but I'm close enough to be able to understand why someone else would enjoy it :)).  The visuals are really top-notch, especially when you consider they essentially had to create two redundant sets of visual/aural media because of the ""world-twisting"" central game mechanic.Speaking of which: a short explanation.  In addition to the usual jumping-on-top-of-things platformer fare, there's a special function that ""twists"" the world between two perspectives (in the game's lore, they correspond to two sides of the protagonist's personality).  Each personality has a unique special ability, and throughout the game you'll have to use the right one in order to progress.  In some cases, the world will actually change to allow you to progress or uncover a secret.  To clarify the previous statement: the game worldalwayschanges visually when you twist, but in some cases it will actually affect the level geometry.The Steam store page write-up calls Giana Sisters a ""blistering hardcore platformer""; I'm not sure I'd agree on the non-boss levels.  I suppose it's not a walk in the park, and maybe years of Super Mario Bros. has led me to take a certain level of platforming dexterity for granted, but compared to something like Super Meat Boy, it's not even in the same league of difficulty (I consider this to be agood thing, by the way...while I understand why other people want to wear their victory over adversity as a badge of honor, I just see the grinding as a waste of time replaying the same content over and over when there are hundreds if not thousands of new experiences waiting in the next game).  Except for a few times, just plain old progressing through the levels is easy...but if you really want to collect all the gems, that's when you're going to have to bring your platforming A game.Except, notably, for the boss battles.  It is literally hilarious (well, to me anyway) how much harder the boss battles are than the rest of the game, at least on ""normal"" difficulty; do a search in the Steam discussions for the final boss character's name(""Gurglewocky"")if you want a good laugh (warning: you'll also find lots of name-calling back and forth between the ""this difficulty level is stupid"" crowd and the ""you don't deserve to play video games if you're not hardcore"" crowd).  The other boss characters are still insane (again, relative to the difficulty of the rest of the game) but eventually doable with enough repetition (you can memorize their attack patterns); the final boss is mostly an RNG fest due to one particular attackwhere fireballs rain from the top and bottom of the screen and the only places you can reliably stand are too close to the screen edge to dodge them.The good news is, it doesn't have to be a deal-breaker: you can play the bulk of the game on ""normal"", and switch to ""easy"" for the boss fights.  I can't comment on the other bosses because I did eventually slog my way through, but for the last one I finally had to give up on the eternal grinding.  Thankfully, the easy mode really ismucheasier, and (to the developers' credit) in a very meaningful way that shows they put real thought into the process.  Rather than a few quick AI adjustments in code (which may have done the trick as well, of course) there are actual, significant changes in the level design that directly address the things I was grinding my teeth about on Normal, saying ""This would be 10 times easier if I could just _____!"".So, an honest hats-off to the developers for doing what a lot of games can't be bothered with these days, and taking the time to account for those of us who want to experience the game, notwithoutchallenge, but without having to grind the same five-minute sequence for 6 hours.The one real gripe I have is a pecularity of ""The Rebel""'s (the two personalities, according to the game's Steam Trading cards, are ""The Rebel"" and ""The Perky One"" :P) special move; a quick burst of speed that also works as a rush attack.  Most of the time it's great fun, but the game has a mechanic where if you rush into an immovable object, you'll bounce off it at a 90-degree angle.  This isthe most annoying thing everwhen you're trying to do super-precise platforming moves, and just seems contrived; the only times in the game where I actuallywantedthe behaviour were specific set-pieces that were clearly created by the level designers to use the feature.  Other than that, it was just an excellent way to randomly kill yourself by richocheting off in some random direction in the middle of a complicated action sequence.  This is what I was referring to in the bullet points when I said the controls were tight and responsive ""most of the time"".On the other hand, I'll tell you one other subtlety I reallydidlike: the fact that both personalities' special moves are available at all times (on separate buttons).  In other words, if you're currently ""twisted"" to The Rebel, you can still hit the button for The Perky One's spin ability and it will immediately fire off (while simultaneously ""twisting"" the world to match).  It's hard to overstate the importance of that particular design decision; if you had to explicitly ""twist"" first, then hit a single ""special action"" button, some of those action sequences would have been pretty near impossible.  I wonder if that's how it originally was...becausethenI could see where you'd call the whole game a ""blistering hardcore platformer"".  If so, I'm really glad they changed their minds because otherwise I'd have quit after the first five minutes and wrote it off as another Super Meat Boy (looks really cool, but I just ain't got that kind of time).Review metadataDate of updateTime playedHow far in base game (estimate)?CostCost per hourNotes2014-11-16 18:2217.9 hoursComplete$14.99 USD$0.84 USDInitial review"
,Recommended,223220,14347598,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,SpaceNinjaPirate,"I'm typically not a fan of platform games.  This was the first one I've played since.... well.... I dunno... since forever.  It has managed to renew my interest somewhat in the platformer genre.It's actually a very cute looking game.  It also offers a bit of a unique twist in that you can play as either of the Giana sisters in either the ""good"" or ""bad"" worlds and you can swap between the two at will.  In fact, in order to progress through certain levels, you will be required to switch on the fly at various points in order to activate certain game elements or collect certain items, etc.One thing I quite enjoyed was that the background music changed depending on which Giana sister you were playing.  The soundtrack really is quite amazing.All in all, I give this a big thumbs up."
76561198014810457,Recommended,223220,23116094,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,AgreedDaisy3,A classic platformer with a changeing mecanic similar to the one in Ikaruga wich makes for great puzzles and challange. The game has a good tempo and good and colorful graphics. I reminds me of great platformers like Trollz for the Amiga.
,Recommended,223220,10956439,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Elane»,"Wait a second, this isn't Eversion!"
,Recommended,223220,11044270,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Birdkoo,"7/10A charming, if challenging platformer. A collector's gem, literally, There is 300-700 gems per the 30+ levels, with a lot incredibly difficult to collect. The originlal Giana Sister's was pulled from shelves years ago for playing to simillarly to the Original Mario Bros games, but this iteration feels like a truely unique experience.Each level is rated on a star system, where more stars are given based on the total amount of gem collected, and the least number of deaths. The main game mechanic is swapping between the two sisters abilities, Both have a basic jump ability, with one sister able to do a fiery dash charge, and the other sister has a spinning glide to move further. Each of the sisters has her own soundtrack too, with one being a typical sugary bouncy track, the other a punk metal tinted soundtrack which balances out the game.Only disappointment is the repetition of the game content. The same enemies, general level lay-out and soundtrack get stale by the end. The additional levels, (Holiday themed, which are completely different) do help offset this, DLC is available, but your money would probably be better spent elsewhere.There is some unlockable artwork and incredibly difficulty settings for those that beat the game and are looking for a steeper challenge."
,Recommended,223220,11447659,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,M32James,"Great game, highly recommended!"
76561198073114052,Recommended,223220,11506508,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,bettyboopdolly777,"This game is so twisted, lol. It changes scenes from good to evil because change is the only way to get through in some cases. I enjoy playing this game."
76561197991849766,Recommended,223220,13012315,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,RazerX,"Amazing game. So well made, great ideas and music, fantatic. Thank you for such a good feeling side scroller for for folks who like a challenge!"
,Recommended,223220,13536278,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,sammy,its good
,Recommended,223220,10183439,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Fugor,"A platforming game with a twist. Not a fan of those, yet it does a good job of being a retro-style game."
,Recommended,223220,10825446,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,JustAltF4,"Awesome graphics for a platform.  Music is metal so it's a little odd in the setting, but it works fine.  Controls are easy.  All in all, a fun game with switching back between the dark dream world and a happy dream world."
,Recommended,223220,10861298,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,MaDdi3,Immediate and really funny.I liked very much the dual-soundtrack.
,Recommended,223220,11070044,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Kevin Willingham,"No matter if it was the original, port, unofficial game or the remake Giana Sisters has always been fun even if it was ridiculouly similar to the Mario world and formula. Twisted Dreams is no exception to this and it offers a very solid platforming adventure to play and be challeneged by. Sadly the game decided to implement what every platformer was for a while, a puzzle mechanic. Switching between the two sisters to get a different power and a different layout of the world can be fun but also very tedious at times. It does it well with the music being similar but having its own flair for each sister and each power being unique so it does offer a differnt challenege; but it does it too much and it seems like traditional powerups would of been more fun more often as well. The millionith time you press that button to switch worlds just to get a different colored gem, you'll know what I mean. The music and world design do kind of blend together after a while too, despite both being very solid in general. It isn't perfect but well made and fun; get it if you love platformers."
,Recommended,223220,11089216,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,RACU,Wow! What a nice suprise. This is a very fun platformer that is flawlessly executed. This is great for bite size gaming sessions to blow off some steam and have a little fun.
76561198021339882,Recommended,223220,11480153,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Woodroof77,"Well, nothing to say about this game, except it is superb ! Nearly everyone knows it from the 64 and it is still a 2D game but with 3D graphics now instead of 2D graphics back then.Two really nice things are the Score-Attack Mode and the Time-Attack Mode for some extra gaming fun !Great value for money, see for yourself: There is a free Demo available !"
76561198088213774,Recommended,223220,11514120,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,spots2012,Very good platformer. Great graphics. Excellent for its genre.
,Recommended,223220,12977550,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Seneschul,"Great fun! cool tricks from switching types.Beautiful grtaphics, and a fun minimal storyline.Sadly, I suck at  platformers/puzzlers. But it was fun."
,Recommended,223220,13488491,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,DarkNetFan,"Neat little platformer with very good visuals. Don't expect too easy a game. You'll get quite some fun time out of it if you're looking for something leisurly but mildly hard. Checkpoints are few and some enemies hide in weird places, so can get a little frustrating.Not available for LINUX, unfortunately, which is a large drawback for me.It's hard to decide whether to recommend:5/10Pro:- very nice grapics (++)- good music (+)- indie (+)- rather hard (+)Con:- bit frustrating at times, you lose in places where you didn't make a mistake, but happens rarely (-)- not available on Linux (--)"
76561197964214568,Recommended,223220,14141356,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Pit00r,I played the old Giana Sisters and this is filling the expectations. A classic game remade with new positive additions.
76561198131733393,Recommended,223220,14662280,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Blood Seeker,It's just beautiful
,Recommended,223220,15392450,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,AomiN,good platformer with over 20 long and well designed levels.good music that switches with the worlds.sometimes fps dropped very much and boss fights are so hard it can be annoying.but it is still a good game 8/10
,Recommended,223220,15679072,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Cube,Great game with amazing heavy metal sound track that changes everytime you swap characters in realtime with the backgrounds.the bad part is it looks and has nothing to do with the old Commodore 64 games that looked more like super mario clone this has nothing to do with it it just has the name. so if you are looking for that it is not here they changed it.in short it does not play anything or look anything like the commadore 64 games but It has some of the music still. it is a cross between a sega cd turbo duo cd metal soundtrack and a commadore 64.the dragon character looks hot.
76561198037657212,Recommended,223220,9726567,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,ExtremeGamer,Nice game and very well made a must for all platform gamers
76561197998674586,Recommended,223220,16881859,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,HeavyMetal,"I used to play Giana Sisters on C=64 and I thought it was average jump 'n' run game, but this game got me hooked until I finished it.- Great colorfull level design- Even better soundtrack - Produced by maestro Chris Huelsback. I wish he composed it by himself.- Last levels are somewhat difficult but not to the point that you want to smash your gamepad/monitor, otherwise difficulty is just right- Replayability - Different game modesPerfect for the casual gamer, but hardcore ones would love it too. I just wish they would remake the Turrican and give it same amount attention and love as they did to Giana Sisters.Score: 10/10"
,Recommended,223220,18700813,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Mewruto,it's 'kay
76561198082185766,Recommended,223220,18728235,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Tekki,"Yes, if the name wasn't obvious enough this game is a Mario clone, but a Mario clone in the same way Saints Row is a GTA clone. Much like Saints Row did for GTA. This game tightens the controls and adds a certain charm that newer Mario Games lack.The levels, while technically linear, definitely encourage exploration, in fact it's impossible on most levels to get all 5 stars with just the beaten path. They're also well designed, look great, and make great use of the awesome dual world mechanic. They're a little on the long side but far from boring. Did I mention that each level type has great bg music that plays either a chiptune or punk/metal version depending on which sister you're playing asAlthough, even with it's awesomeness, it's kind of hard to recommend generally because this game is hard, The first 5 levels are pretty standard Mario-esq fare, if a little tricky. 1-6 is where it stops going easy. And just finishing a level won't  get you the boss fights, you actually need to do kinda well. Don't be surprised if you have to play a level several times to get the stars you need. Although, if you're up for the challenge, this is easily one of the best platformers on steam and it is remarkably fair for the most part."
,Recommended,223220,22051919,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,CyborgJester,Absolutely one of the most beautifully crafted platformers. The music truly is one of the highlights of this Fantasy ridden Platformer!
76561198014519849,Recommended,223220,22277188,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Papa Smurf,"I never understood why this game wasn't more well received. If you are looking for smooth, fluid platforming that isn't painstakingly difficult without being overly easy, then you can't go wrong here. Modern platformers on PC just aren't really a thing, so it's a special treat to get one that's this good. The switching between sisters mechanic is pulled off very well, and most have been quite an achievement to pull off.For the price, there's no reason not to grab this game and enjoy 8 hours of gorgeous, fun platforming."
76561198021847085,Recommended,223220,10025916,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,Tikanderoga,"Very nice game, I can really recommend it."
,Recommended,223220,11926296,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,CrockerComics,"It's rough but offers some pretty challenging levels.  I'll probably never go back to get all of the gems, but it was definitely worth it.  Wait for a sale and spend some time and play this little, interesting platformer."
,Recommended,223220,9359187,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Jeremiah uTO^ (†CDc),"This game is grossly underpriced.  It might just be cheap because the protagonists are girls, but the game play and graphics are awesome.  What are you waiting for…  A SALE?!  As I said the game was underpriced for the value that you get."
,Recommended,223220,9500927,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,gunsage,"This♥♥♥♥♥♥is beautiful. Yeah, yeah…this seems a bit hypocritical since graphics alone aren't enough to draw me in usually, but let me explain. This is a competent platformer with interesting switch variables, multiple abilities, and all kinds of fun♥♥♥♥♥♥that ALSO manages to look and sound ♥♥♥♥ing brilliant at all possible angles. For example, Crysis looks good…and that’s it. Since it doesn’t add much new or interesting to the table, it gets old quick…so quick, in fact, that I’ve barely played it OR this one, but I already know which I prefer more.A game has to be able to win you over on more than just graphics and sound, but when it does, the graphics and sound are the icing on the cake (especially since this is an indie title). Giana Sisters provides a fun, interesting romp into a dream/nightmare land full of all kinds of great platforming elements. At times it can be a little hard, but with great checkpoints and lots of replayability, you’ll be playing this again and again and again."
,Recommended,223220,9539570,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,[TiC] Commitment,One of those games where you need a controller to play. Very interesting gameplay. Didn't understand the story too well but it was a very well thought out game and decent amount of replay value. 7 out of 10 for me.
76561198067330795,Recommended,223220,9595441,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,24,"Very nice game. Love the level design but I guess they make it harder than the oroginal game...The feeling, when you clear a level is incredible especially the hard ones.One advice: Be kind with your controler if you die often^^9/10"
76561198135041686,Recommended,223220,13444002,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,GazingPete,"Great game, Good learning curve, and nostalgic of classic platformers (you either get better at it, or you don't get through it.) The world twist with the synchronized soundtrack was an exceptional trait. Really an exceptional platformer, I highly recommend this if you enjoy the genre."
,Recommended,223220,13482032,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Remedial beer!,"One of the best games from what I've seen - a perfect combination of stunning visuals, seamless music and addictive gameplay. Can be enjoyed by kids and adults as well. Can be played even on a nettop-class PC."
76561197995159215,Recommended,223220,15418520,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Epileptic_Psycho,"Cool game if you are looking for a platfomer with great control and beautiful visuals! Once you get the phase up, you really start to feel lika a pro."
,Recommended,223220,16109447,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Aggrazel,Game made me want to put controller through wall. Got to first boss and just couldn't do it. I guess I suck at video games now.I love the game though. Very beautiful and fun gameplay. Just VERY hard and frustrating for me.
,Recommended,223220,16622754,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Mike,"Extremly fluid,extremly colorful,and at times extremly difficult.Combine that with a great soundtrack and you've got yourself the description of this platforming gem from Blackforest Studio.As a classic platformer I can only recommend to play this game with a decent controler, like the xbox 360 controller.Short disclaimer: Some people seem to be turned off by the art style of this game, so look at the screenshots first. Yes it is bright and colorful, but personally I don't mind that change once in a while, adds some flavor to all those retro looking platformers nowadays."
,Recommended,223220,20547049,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Oregono,BEATEN - 9 hoursGina Sisters is a new take on an old franchise (that I never played). It is a puzzle-ish platformer where the main mechanic is that you can switch between 2 sisters who each have different moves and can individually collect different gems (which open up new levels) and can open up unique passages or operate objects differently (one makes a platform go up while the other makes it go down).  The world also changes aethetically upon doing this.Pros:-The game is super pretty-Platforming is fun-Sisters have unique abilities that require you to switch between them. Thus the level design is also good.- The game doesnt punish you for failing. It even lets you keep all of your gems.  You just restart at the nearest checkpoint whern you die.Cons:- Can be difficult (but not insurmountable) at times.- Levels are locked behind collecting stars. This wasnt an issue untl the final level.- Had to play the final level on easy because last boss is a total pain. But ill take it.
76561198077096518,Recommended,223220,22348059,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,extinction,.
76561197995279947,Recommended,223220,10614599,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,BlackRacoon,"Fun game, great gameplay when you change form one sister to the other. Works best when playing with a gamepad."
76561198064419664,Recommended,223220,10834543,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,vampireprincess19481,this is an awesome game i hope they make more
76561198067791650,Recommended,223220,10944173,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Etch,"Bought this game on a whim, and have not regretted it for a second.  It boasts an incredible atmosphere, while delivering a simple yet involved play.  If you are looking for a game to provides classic platforming challenges while remaing fresh and enjoyable, this might just be the game you are looking for."
76561198102928888,Recommended,223220,9366071,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,DarrDrifter,"Awesome game, heaps of fun and the kids will love it!"
76561198028721484,Recommended,223220,9415618,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Kiwi,"Tight controls, cute graphics, solid gameplay, must buy."
,Recommended,223220,11446379,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Capt_Blakhelm,"Is Giana Sisters: Twisted Dreams worth your purchase? Likely=TL;DR=GS;TD is the crowdfunded sequel to the infamous original Great Giana Sisters platformer, which was seen by Nintendo and most players as a clone of Super Mario Bros. I wouldn't exactly call it a clone, but it's definitely a rip-off the classic. Twisted Dreams escapes that problem and makes itself to game to be loved by ""collect everything"" style gamers, and masochists, and looks good doing it. A great game for platformer fans.=PresentationThe premise of the character is a bit confusing, as the game is called Giana Sisters and you clearly see one of the two ""sisters"" being abducted in the opening cutscene. But official developer descriptions refer to the girls as personalities of the same Giana. I guess the idea is that the other sister is imaginary, yet part of Giana's personality.Twisted Dreams has a pretty nice asthetic with a bright, and colorful dream world for Punk Giana, with metal-esque backgroud music that transforms smoothly and convincingly into the nightmare world for Sweet Giana with it's more pop-ish style music. The transformation of the worlds when switching sisters is very slick and I would like to see how the developers made it happen. Much of the music comes from the band Machinae Supremacy, which I will be looking out for now. The sound effects are fitting and what I expect - though the coos and screams of Giana will annoy some players.=Gameplay=The gameplay is very simple and easy to understand early in the game. Sweet Giana can jump and also twirl to get a second jump and also slowly descend, similar to Princess Peach from Super Mario Bros 2 while she is in the spooky world with ""sweet"" music and can change personalities on the fly to Punk Giana to also jump and have a secondary flaming cannonball attack, similar to Blanka's from Street Fighter. This attack can help in enemy aided jump sequences, objects that propel the attacking Punk Giana, and breaking Super Mario Bros style blocks (that don't contain gems like the original, or coins like SMB). You die in one hit unless you pickup a shield for an extra hit, and lives are unlimted unless you play Uber Hardcore, which ends your game if you die. I thought I might eventually give that mode a try if I beat the game, until I got to the first boss level which I was massacered in (but eventually beat after dozens of deaths. F*** that boss).The level design is generally fair and relatively forgiving, though not flawless. The first level or two clearly point out ""death pits"", and your main path, making you think that this will be the case throughout the game, but not all the death pits are as blatantly obvious in the later levels, which is irritating if you're trying to collect all the gems without dying for extended playthroughs (though, at this point, you should probably have memorized the level pitfalls, or be able to consult a guide). Trial and error and level replays are key to perfect level playthroughs, but perserverance will get you through the main levels and end game (though, you may have to replay some levels to get the minimum star requirement for the last level). The near exception to this rule was the first boss battle, in which I died waymore than I liked to admit, but it also wasn't the smoothest first boss battle I played and some of the boss attacks where a bit unfair. I've also had unexpected results when using the cannonball attack in certain segments, which is fustrating to die after hitting an enemy RIGHT after coming out of the cannonball animation.Progression only comes in the form of unlocking new game modes including score attack, time attack, hardcore and uber hardcore and replaying levels to get all the gems and 5 star ratings. You don't level up or unlock powers, though a few more mechanics are thrown at you during the course of the game; such as pairs of ghost that are only active in the sweet or punk world and can only be killed by special light shafts in the level. Winning the game is all about your play skill and not what you unlock or luck (except for enemy spawn/patrol locations). I've spent about 4hrs for halfway at the game, so maybe twice that or more for completion. Extra holiday and Dieselstormers promo levels are included free, and there is an expandalone title ""Rise of the Owlverlord"" if you want more.=Conclusion=Giana Sisters: Twisted Dreams is a no brainer for platformer fans, collect-a-thon gamers, and masochists. It's very solid has a great look and soundtrack, though, nothing about this is remarkable for somebody with limited time and is only looking for the most premium and interesting games, or the types that have no interest in cute games. $15 is probably a fair price for the entire package, though unless this is a must-play for you, you can just wait for a sale or bundle."
76561198025230476,Recommended,223220,13157787,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Chronos,"The first time I saw Giana Sisters: Twisted Dreams was back when Greenlight first started before any game had been Greenlit.  It stood out not only because it looked graphically and artistically good, but also the entire level would appear differently depending on the character's transformation.  It was on a different level of polish compared to other Greenlight games.The gameplay revolves around the character's transformation from regular to punk mode, enabling a different skillset as well as morphing the environment.  It's a fairly enjoyable platformer that requires a degree of precision to beat levels, so expect your character to die quite a bit, but because of this the game doesn't feel very fast paced.  Also although the levels are varied, sometimes they don't feel exciting, but that might just be my expectation that I want to move faster through the game than how the levels are designed.The boss battles are fun except for the last one which I found to be a chore.  The concept behind it is cool, but after repeatedly dying to it, it gets bothersome in each attempt to have to wait for the boss to go into its next phase of attack before I can act as well.  Each long animation it does for preparation felt tiresome to watch after a while.Although I listed some negative aspects of the game, overall I found it to be a worthwhile platformer to play."
76561198025264427,Recommended,223220,13564575,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,boomerang,"Very cool concept, very cool soundtrack - the whole environment, soundtrack included, shifts when shifting between worlds.Not that fun gameplay (maybe I'm too old for platform games)."
,Recommended,223220,22889036,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Will The Kill,"This is a good-looking 2.5D platformer that reminds me a bit of the Trine series (a partial reason behind me purchasing the game in the first place).  It's pretty simple to pick up and learn, with the primary gameplay mechanic being a ""swap"" between the two sisters at the push of a button, and each sister has their own ability to assist with the platforming and problem solving in the game.  Giana Sisters provides some challenging areas that don't get too frustrating thanks to some pretty flexible checkpoints.  There is definitely replay incentive for those who want to collect 100% crystals on each level, as there were a ton of hidden areas I missed, even after doing what I thought was a pretty exploratory approach to the game.There are two somewhat minor areas of criticism I have for this game, although these may not be as big of a concern to others for various reasons:First, there is virtually no story here at all.  There's a brief cutscene of sorts in the beginning, and after that, it's pretty much 100% gameplay throughout the rest.  Obviously if you're looking for a large narrative-driven aspect in your video games, you're better off looking elsewhere, but I don't mind it here so much because the gameplay held up well enough to keep me interested through the end.Second, the length - there are three worlds in total containing six, seven, and ten levels respectively.  While I do like the game's style/art design, I didn't really notice a huge amount of variance from one world to the next, but new gameplay elements are added frequently enough to where this wasn't a deterrent for me.  Nonetheless, I ended up completing all three worlds in under 10 hours, which I spread out over the course of about two weeks.  I do find that fairly short, although considering the game's asking price (I didn't kickstart it; bought it in a Steam sale), this is honestly a pretty fair offering.  Plus, the stand-alone Owlverlord DLC adds another world's worth of content if you like what you get here.Overall, I was pleased with my experience with the game.  There's a somewhat interesting history with this franchise, and I'm glad I got to experience what I'd say amounts to a successfully kickstarted project."
,Recommended,223220,24737297,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Izzy,">NOTE<This review is based on my 2012 play>END OF NOTE<Very fun Platformer game, with a nice TWIST mechanic ;DA nice gem if you like some good platforming with puzzles.I mean, it's good as a calssic platformer, but it have alot of new things, it makes difficult to describe.AND it includes some music from Machinae Supremacy!!! How can you not love that?Highly recommended :)And I yet have to try the new multiplayer mode."
,Recommended,223220,10986587,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Evo,"A nice, fun platformer with great visuals, and an interesting use of the light/dark concept. Glad I got it."
,Recommended,223220,11115160,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,rEZ,great reimaging of a classic
,Recommended,223220,9404571,"Posted: 9 March, 2014",all,Bobby,Excellent little indie platformer with stunning visuals and metal music \m/Would highly recommend.
,Recommended,223220,10435449,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,M. Doucet,"I can't recommend this game highly enough. The amount of detail and replayability it encourages certainly demonstrate the great care and affection that went into creating this gorgeous game. Though this is a console port and can have some weird glitchyness on PC (like a screensaver popping up while using a controller), the developers have been fairly responsive to issues and have consistently gone out of their way to support the added platform, adding in new levels and freebies and addressing major gameplay issues.Though personally I am annoyed by games that essentially require controllers, this, like Brothers: A Tale of Two Sons, not only warrant the additional hardware but are made that much better by it and truly deserve the extra support."
,Recommended,223220,10977462,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,DrunkenGamingGuy,I got this game on a steam sale this summer. I just thought it would be interesting since its all dream sequences. I haven't progressed too far but what I see I like.The game controls are simple to handle and its actually not too floaty of a platformer. I do like how changing characters changes music and background and they help you solve puzzles by basically giving you the crystals to look for in order to get past the next section. They don't just leave you hanging and have you forget to switch because you like the Punk sisters music so much more.What I would say is a bit unnecessary is the fact that the girls hair is just so physics involved that it really kinda kills the frame rate at certain points. I get you're trying to make them look very dreamlike cuz of how flowy it can be but its quite over the top when you have each hair tendril falling at its own pace.Overall I would say get this game if you like a good platformer with simple puzzle solving and if you like collectibles.
,Recommended,223220,16336417,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Ulvhamne,"Nice controls, good looking and nice flow to the game."
,Recommended,223220,17546774,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Hell Sister,"The game is good. Controls are fine and graphics look lovely. The soundtrack is nice (Machinae Supremacy!) but sadly it becomes repetetive after a while.There has been nostatus update on the announced linux version of this game for over six months! Devs should stop announcing these when they dont plan to follow trough with it. It's frustrating for everyone to have to install a whole operating system just so you can play one game. Feels like these announcements are only made to boost sales, which shouldn't be necessary for quality games like this.All in all, I would recommend this game to any windows user. It's good. But as a Linux user I feel ripped off by the devs."
,Recommended,223220,27499335,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,sonofming,Great visual design. Awesome music. Excellent platforming.
76561198025838564,Recommended,223220,9466183,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,cidgrad01,"I haven’t finished Giana Sisters: TD yet but got through the first boss. I am pleasantly surprised.Other reviewers have already covered the basics: it’s a mix of old and new school platforming that does a lot of things right. I’d say it’s comparable to Super Meat Boy but GS:TD is a smarter platformer which much better graphics. There is more you can do in this game thanks to the ability switching and thus the levels are more engaging to play through with more secret areas to discover. The first few are laughably easy but before you know it the difficulty skyrockets. This is fine, though, because of responsive controls and a generous checkpoint system. You have infinite lives, too, but dying decreases your score. The music is nice and the changing scenery when switching between sisters looks beautiful. It's also very cheap. You get a whole lot for your money.The only downside I can think of is that there isn’t anything in GS:TD that keeps me glued to my PC. It’s fun but after beating a couple of levels I am usually ready to do something else, and I don’t see myself shooting for perfect scores or trying hard or uber hard mode (but those things exist if you are so inclined). GS:TD is a title I will keep coming back to and playing in gradual doses rather than something I will devour right away b/c I can’t get enough of it. Still, it’s a high quality, well-made game coming from Greenlight/Kickstarter. Much higher caliber than other indie offerings I have played."
,Recommended,223220,9165672,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Rammsteniako,"Fun, addictive and not so easy! 8/10"
,Recommended,223220,8655299,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,LOOK WHAT YOU MADE ME DOOOOO,"It's like every good platforming mechanic rolled into one game, complete with tight controls.Hard to believe this started out as a mediocre Mario clone on the Commodore 64."
,Recommended,223220,8016528,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,HeadShot,Enjoyable platformer with great and new idea! Good stuff.
,Recommended,223220,3121139,"Posted: 16 June, 2013",all,Tails' Cash Explosion,"A very interesting platformer, with absolutely beautiful and stunning graphics set in wonderous dreamscapes of fantasy.  Run, jump, and blaze firery paths of destruction  through enemies through cleverly designed stages that utilize a unique mechanic in which the world completely, and actively, changes based upon the character you switch to.  Coupled with a fresh dual soundtrack, this is a game worth checking out!"
,Recommended,223220,3238888,"Posted: 23 July, 2013",all,Kiyoshi Ogawa,Must have!
,Recommended,223220,1200311,"Posted: 8 August, 2013",all,Seph,This here is some good platforman action! Pretty creative!
,Recommended,223220,5983021,"Posted: 27 August, 2013",all,PaulDoymin,6/10
,Recommended,223220,6418837,"Posted: 25 May, 2013",all,Adhitya,FUN! Old school style!Veteran gamers will love the challenge on this game8/10
76561197968536634,Not Recommended,223220,8366065,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Deftinwolf,"- Boring, repetitive graphical style and level design- Mediocre controls- Really stupid-looking main characters (whats with their gigantic heads and annoying floaty hair?)- Generic music that tries to match the aesthetic of the game but ranges from forgettable to downright bad.- Uncompelling game mechanics (""collect all the diamonds!"")I normally love platformers but this game just failed to hold my interest from the get-go. Every time I tried to pick it back up and play it I found myself dreading everything about it until I finally quit again. This is definitely one I wish I hadn't purchased at any price, though I wish I would have bought it for 88% off in the winter sale instead of $10 bucks a while ago. Don't be fooled by the screenshots, that's where this game's greatness ends."
76561198047545104,Not Recommended,223220,22496160,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Gallium Spoon,"This is purely a matter of taste.Do you like those simple, almost pedantically hard platformers of yesteryear? If yes, then you will probably like this game.But if, like me, you're not really a of fan of those and were hoping that this was one of those modern puzzle platformers with stories you can be invested in and/or more cerebral gameplay mechanics (such as Braid, Thomas Was Alone, or FEZ), then you should be aware that that's not what this game is.The game's main charms are the quite wonderful art style and the neat gimmick of being able to shift between worlds... But if you're not enjoying the gameplay much, these charms will wear thin pretty quick. This game has no real story and its gameplay really doesn't consist of much more than a series of well-timed jumps and collecting gems. Even the world-shifting gimmick ultimately does not seem to do much beyond making certain platforms appear or disappear. Checkpoints seem sparse, and after having to go back and redo half the level many times due to missing some unforgiving jumps (and being unable to save during a level), I realized that this game was just not for me.There's no doubt that this is a well-made game. But it just isn't for everyone. Get this game if you feel a lot of nostalgia towards the late '80s or early '90s when platformers were hard but simple. Otherwise, give it a pass."
76561198025179393,Not Recommended,223220,11849316,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Tyler Sewaddle,This is a game alright it's a game where you play it but you don't feel like you're having any fun.  It just feels more like a chore to play it rather than an enjoyable experience.
76561197971089287,Recommended,223220,10814154,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Do0m[y],"If you love video games of the 80s and soundtracks from the very well knownChris Huelsbeck(Turrican 1, 2 and 3)and if you loveTrine 1&2on Steam, this game is for you! This game is just beautiful!Download the famous remix""Great Giana Sisters Theme""for free, here:""Great Giana Sisters"" By machinae supremacy (act)Graphics:10/10 - Beautiful! (The morphing background effect is just amazing!)Music:9/10 - Kinda repetitive but the music gets stuck in your head!Gameplay:7/10+ Infinite lives!+ Destroy things like Sonic! ©Sega+ Extra Bonus Levels!-/+ Better gameplay with a controller.- This game needs more funny animations!Available: 17 July 2014 - ""DieselStormers"" from the same developers in Early Access!- Click HERE -for more info!"
,Recommended,223220,12729083,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,DarkNye,Good platformer with colourful graphics
76561197999268016,Recommended,223220,12966744,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,† Alucard †  The Noob!,Great Game!
,Recommended,223220,10825972,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,ballzac314,"Having now played rise of the owlverlord to death, upon getting this I feel like a kid in a candy shop, because it's all the fantastic gameplay and level design of the expansion, but with heaps more levels.To me, this is what a platformer should be. The mechanics are unique, but don't feel gimmicky. The controls are fluid and intuitive. The graphics are gorgeous. The  difficulty is perfect, and relies on well constructed challenges, rather than feeling unfair; it can be very frustrating when a game feels like it's 'cheating', and that doesn't happen here.The only criticism I have of the game is that the checkpoints are not saved when you exit the game, meaning that if you get stuck halfway through a level, you have to persevere until you beat it unless you want to start that level from the beginning.If you like the expansion, then this is a no brainer. If you haven't played either, but like challenging platformers, I strongly recommend you give one of these a go."
,Recommended,223220,10920476,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Dr4age,This game deserves your attention! Its one of those games that feels like a sega classic but with a modern twist. If your a fan of sonic the hedgehog gameplay you will love this.
,Recommended,223220,12867902,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Ket,"This game is good, just hard as balls. It has great art direction, nice music, and an intersting mechanic for a platformer."
,Recommended,223220,855861,"Posted: 25 October, 2012",all,that's what she said,"You may not know who the f**k were Giana Sisters back in the day (some commodore 64 s**t - basically super mario bros rip off). But now it is one of the most beautiful, fun and fresh game in genre (and I've seen almost every one of them). And what really stands out is music - it is freaking incredible."
,Not Recommended,223220,35307037,Posted: 29 September,all,Rose,Extremely stuttery and not all that interesting.
,Not Recommended,223220,17686496,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,AWd _ (offline for a long time),"+This game is very good overall, (besides the negative points)+Had some good donkeykong vibes from it, (collectible sounds, platforms and some enemies)+Great music that transition seamlessly between themes, (which add a lot to the main mechanic of switching worlds)+The aesthetic add to itself. (visuals were nice enough, i noticed some poorly made assets but they are overshadowed by the main mechanic and the soundtrack)-The problem is that the hitboxes are inconsistent as f***, died many times to hitbox edges outside of spike model. (most noticeable on resized big spikes)-And the level design seems like a maze, arrows pointing everywhere, secrets that looks like the main path, branching paths that take the players backwards through the level or just wastes time.-The boss fights have incredibly long animations and half of the time during the fights are just waiting for it attack again, and you have to avoid stuff and not get hit twice while doing so.-Difficulty is mostly artificial, a common problem in games that try to appeal to oldschool. (a lot of sections are trial and error and avoid touching everything between very far away checkpoints),(you can move and die while the screen fade out and in between lives)-Dashing, the most enjoyable thing to do, sometimes it just stops right before hitting the enemy making you die, and also randomly decides to home on enemies when you are not aiming to it. (The function to bounce off walls is ultimately useless outside of specific tunnels, most of the time it just kills the player. Even more when the castle level introduces the bumper launcher, in which makes bouncing off the walls in later levels obsolete while including high speed launching outside of said specific tunnels)-You have to use the launcher to change keybinds, the default keybinds do not include Morph, which is swich world without using character ability button, making the game unplayable on later levels and if the switch worlds is set to manual too. (i spent about 5-10 minutes testing (quitting and restarting the game every time) because configurations were odd for a keyboard user)"
,Recommended,223220,1270210,"Posted: 16 August, 2013",all,NinJazz💕,素晴らしいゲーム！
,Recommended,223220,20858233,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Shiverskill,A gorgeous platformer with an amazing soundtrack fit for anyone who wants to get into genre because of it's various difficulty levels are great level design filled with many wonders and secrets for the aspiring completionist.
76561198029635361,Recommended,223220,13072277,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Naps,My thumbs hurt - 10/10
76561198000667362,Recommended,223220,12795622,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,xzalur,"If your looking for a good platformer this is one to check out. It is hard, but you can select your difficulty. Anyone giving this game a bad review because its hard, is a ♥♥♥♥♥(cat). This is like old school platformer difficulty, where you will die repeatedly. Its kinda like mario bros, but its different enough to come into its own. Not much of a story but with this type of game thats, not what its about. Real soild controls, with full controller support. Its cool how you can switch between sisters on the fly and how everything changes. The backrounds change, the music changes and their powers change. My only complaint would be that you die alot, but you do have infinite lives. A really good platformer with up to date 3D type graphics, that is challanging, but fun. What more could you ask for."
,Not Recommended,223220,11626974,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Muldjord,"I loved the original Giana Sisters from the 80's which is why this game caught my interest. This game certainly has some of the charm of the original, but there are too many flaws in it for me to recommend it.The world changing mechanics are a nice idea, but they are confusing and too underdeveloped to feel intuitive. When standing on a platform you often change the world and the platform disappears, sending you falling making you do the same platforming segment again and again. I don't have a problem with the platforms disappearing as such. I have a problem with the visual clues not being clear enough. How am I supposed to know if a platform will disappear or not? The visual clues are there, but they are so damn subtle that when you are playing a hectic segment, you just fail, fail, fail and fail again. Very frustrating. It's a general problem with the game. The graphic style is all over the place. So many colors everywhere and so many layers that you just can't tell what is going on. It's the same problem I had with the latest Red Alert game. It lost focus and became this color infested mess of a design that you almost couldn't tell your units apart. Same for this game. Often times you die from falling in ""acid"" because you thought it was water. And often you land on a spike and die, even though some of the crystals you pick up are very spiky. Signals are so mixed! And with the world changing looks all the time it just gets even more confusing.Anyways, it's certainly not a bad game by a long shot, meaning that I actually like the gameplay when I take it extremely slow. I'm just so disappointed that they didn't think of these things. Or maybe they did and they just ended up working so long on the game that they couldn't see the flaws anymore. It happens. Sadly."
,Recommended,223220,13043247,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Despotas,The best PC platformer in recent years together with Rayman Legends.
,Not Recommended,223220,27823044,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Pelleplutt,"The game has great promise, seems fun and looks great. But it keeps crashing for whatever reasons. Typically whenever I switch levels or start the game up and it loads a new level. Totally kills it."
76561198035818468,Recommended,223220,15279865,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,aalkaabi,"what a lovely game, it brought back some of the most beautiful memories of platform games. if you love Mario and sonic this is for you, incredible 2.5D graphics and sound. Very responsive control, If this was the only game on steam I would still buy a steam machine for it."
,Not Recommended,223220,8761878,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,459 SvenRuattalainen,"This is just the kind of game I'd really love to love but I just can't. There are many things done right in this game for the game only to be dragged down from toilet because of few fatal flaws. Let's start with the upsides: The product itself is geared towards hardcore platform game players. The difficulty level can be scaled nicely to cater many preferences. An easier difficulty level has been introduced to the game after its release. That feature add-on is good for clumsier players like me. Easy and normal difficulty levels have abundant checkpoints and you usually don't have to backtrack much if you get killed. Which is kinda nice because you are going to die like 61 times per level when trying to figure out some puzzles. The graphical style fits the theme of the game nicely and the game looks great. Revisiting a legendary franchise for European players who have lived the C64/Amiga age at late 80's and early 90's certainly was the main reason I bought the game. The soundtrack is by 80's/90's computer game music legend Chris Huelsbeck and computer music inspired metal band Machinae Supremacy. When it comes to game theme and setting, you probably can't find better people to arrange music that works with the game.Then some downsides:  With considerable amount of sudden deaths and the graphical scenery plus style of puzzles being more or less the same for the entire span of the game made the gameplay repetitive. Even with easy difficulty a small amount of puzzles have a bit too much pressing the right button exactly at the same time thing going on, resulting into 10-20 deaths before solving the puzzle. I bought the game not long after it was released. I initially played the game halfway through using normal difficulty level. Then I kinda forgot the game for a year, and only recently I continued playing the game until the final boss using the easy difficulty level. At which moment I gave up. And why?Let me introduce the game-breaker that ruined the game for me: Somebody responsible for programming and quality testing dropped the ball. When I play the game, most of the time all the surroundings scroll smoothly without FPS drop. However, a TERRIBLE amount of screen stutter that occurs during movement in bigger areas makes playing very annoying. And of course, they are especially present when you are trying to do a combination of quick moves that rely on exact timing, resulting into extra deaths. And when you are trying to beat the final boss in a long-lasting fight and your protection crystals are tight, you'd be really delighted if the the stones needed to deal the damage against the boss didn't mystically disappear half of the time without any obvious reason and warning. After several retries the end result was summary uninstallation of the game.TL:DR: This game would be easily recommendable if it worked properly. I haven't surveyed how it performs on other computers but I wouldn't be surprised if there are computer systems that are devoid of aforementioned issues. However, I will NOT recommend a game that is potentially uncompleteable depending on your system."
,Recommended,223220,12133032,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,MasterBaite,It's a game for kids.Kinda cute.No challenge.Boring as hell.
76561197979146314,Not Recommended,223220,8367066,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Olbrecht,"Does not work. Windows 7 64bit. Save the money, even 1$ is too much, when the game crashes.Found out the dev-team does not care"
,Recommended,223220,12611637,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Countess Isolde,"This is a fun little platformer that's both cute and insanely difficult. Given that I've been in a sustained argument with someone here about their belief that Easy mode was too hard... I think that sends it home. Know what you're getting into.But this is still a very good Mario-esque platformer with absolutely gorgeous graphics, a cute aesthetic, and a rather neat ""alternate reality"" mechanic for dealing with some enemies/puzzles."
76561197991103051,Not Recommended,223220,13169342,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Puddle,"Man this game looked good. Im so upset it turned out this way.It starts off pretty strong with an interesting art style combined with a nice sound track and a great mechanic. You switch between the two sisters and as you do the level, enimies, and music changes. Each sister also has its own power. However these powers are widley unbalanced. One power is a twirl that allows you to fall slower than normal whiles the other is a fast ball of firey death that can kill enimies, use the as bounce pads, and wall jump. This makes one sister MUCH more fun to play as than the other. I only switch to the other when I had to.The other big problem is the story... or lack there of. As it stands I played the entire first section (about six levels) of three sections. The game starts with the sisters being sucked into a portal and one being eaten by a dragon and then all the sudden you can transform into her. Beyond that I have encountered no story (hinted or ortherwise) as of stage 2-1 which is over 1/3rd of the game. I have no reason to keep playing. Nothing is keeping me wanting to learn more.Another huge problem is the length of the levels and the complexity. The levels are Entierly to long to the point where they become samey. The art stays the same and the setting just about stays the same so it feels like one giant level. It doesnt help that they never do anything with the mechanics beyond the gem collecting. The mechanics stay VERY simple.Maybe give the game a try if you like platformers and its on a deep deep discount, but for everyone else this is safe to avoid."
,Not Recommended,223220,8386645,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,ffrinch,"Mediocre ""2.5D"" platformer with gorgeous graphics but precious little else. The novelty here is that Giana can switch between a light world (enemies include owls and bunny rabbits shooting love hearts) and a dark one (demons, skeletons etc.). In one world she has the ability to rocket violently in any direction; in the other, to float a la Dixie Kong. Many of the platforming challenges revolve around switching between worlds to access environmental features that exist in one and not the other.Following the lead of Trine, graphics are full 3D models; the backgrounds in particular, with features morphing between light and dark, are spectacular. But there is a reason that precision platformers have tended towards 8-bit chic, and it's because genuine precision is very hard with 3D effects. Hitboxes aren't always clear, foreground and background elements can hide hazards, etc.What really lets Giana Sisters down, however, is the level design -- levels are long, repetitive, unpleasant and uninteresting. Perfect scores require collecting upwards of 700 gems in each level. The soundtrack is also incredibly grating.For other, far better games with the same world-switching gimmick, try Guacamelee or Eversion. A vastly superior game with similar 2.5D graphics is Donkey Kong Country Returns.[Abandoned after completing 2 of the 3 worlds on Normal.]"
,Not Recommended,223220,412906,"Posted: 5 April, 2013",all,DaleFu,"I think i must have hit the developer's puppy with my car or something, because clearly they hate me.  This game was far too frustrating by the end of the FIRST world to be considered fun.  Unless you're a masochist, save your money."
,Not Recommended,223220,8444843,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Karmik,"Terrible! I bought it 'cos I love a good old platformer. This has gorgeous graphics, but it's all just a bit boring, annoying, and what's the point."
76561197991893709,Not Recommended,223220,8406000,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Senka,"Nice visuals and also nice game mechanic ideas, BUT the controlls for PC are brooken and the music (power metal) is realy tedious, I can´t hear it for more then 10mingreedings Senka"
,Not Recommended,223220,26960873,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Mr.Pollack,"nah,,,"
76561198267068064,Recommended,223220,24839001,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,ISHONES,nice
76561197980230187,Recommended,223220,856673,"Posted: 5 February, 2013",all,vato loco [GE-S],lovely game ;)
,Not Recommended,223220,9302244,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,§ÅⅰÑ†  萧 骏 杰 Chr¡s,A very hard games that is never for boys. Achievements are alomost impossible to earn.
,Not Recommended,223220,8368832,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Anterk,"Giana Sisters is a game that I wanted to like. Instead, it taught me that I hate platformers with a ""switch"" mechanic. Switching between the blond ""twirls in air to hover"" mode and the red-haired ""shoots self like a fireball in any direction"" mode feels frustratingly impercise. In the later levels I would shoot into spikes without meaning to or hover too late, and there was never much room for error. Not a fun experience."
,Not Recommended,223220,13717710,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Princess Ronald Reagan 💟,Couldn't get into it. *shrugs*
,Not Recommended,223220,35159317,Posted: 23 September,all,Sujin,Interesting concept ruined by poor keyboard support.
76561197970372090,Recommended,223220,401242,"Posted: 21 March, 2013",all,Br!t!shGaMeR,Absolutely top Platform game plus coOl Graphics
,Recommended,223220,31909816,Posted: 22 May,all,Equalmatter ツ,10/10 good game
,Recommended,223220,23243665,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,TeenJackBauer,7.5/10 TJBs
,Recommended,223220,12744896,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,albentot,
,Not Recommended,223220,9118611,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Gizi o v o,"Only play if you are really int the Art! :3The would narration is through the visual and if you not into that art style it will lose you interest after 2-4 levels.game isn't that hard as people say, the whole changing thing would be more interesting if you could chose how to solve them rater have to.solid Platformer, just that 3D art thing isn't my thing. hard to hate or like. O.o"
,Not Recommended,223220,9239119,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,brathorst,Boring platformer with annoying sound design and music.
76561198002871746,Not Recommended,223220,7936789,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,xWhackoJacko,"I bought this game during the Steam Summer sale because it was butt-♥♥♥♥ cheap, and I was lookin' to get some levels.It's really ♥♥♥♥ing bad though. Real bad."
76561198046675266,Recommended,223220,30712776,Posted: 24 March,all,Dustin,"An amazing side-scroller like Trine, with elements of Kirby: Crystal Shards (Nintendo 64).Story is cheezy but the gameplay is oustanding!Highly recommend it but only if you have a controller, the keyboard controls suck.7/10"
,Recommended,223220,6055363,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,himmatsj,"Great precision platformer! Anyone who wants a challenge should play this. A recent update introduced an easier mode, so it should appeal to a wider audience now. (PS: Easy mode here is like the normal or maybe even hard mode is most other platformers)."
,Recommended,223220,1159475,"Posted: 28 September, 2013",all,Doug,"Amazing game with an outstanding soundtrack, the dark/punk track is so sweet \m/ way better with controller tho."
76561197991671705,Recommended,223220,1337780,"Posted: 31 August, 2013",all,NyanNyanKoneko,Beautiful and fun. The soundtrack is amazing. This is one of the most overlooked titles I have ever seen. Pick it up.
,Recommended,223220,1636719,"Posted: 29 December, 2012",all,gsrjedi,Game is really good.
,Recommended,223220,1353608,"Posted: 12 December, 2012",all,Slicer,"Visually stunning with a soundtrack to match, Giana Sisters: Twisted Dreams is a wicked fun and addictive adventure. With cool back drops, effects, abilities, and characters, this is a great addition to the side scroller genre. One of its prominent and unique features is its ability to switch between the two sisters and thus the two very different worlds. This contrast between the two is superb: vastly different worlds with exceptional graphics and visuals, smooth transitions between two very unique and different styles of music, and world-specific abilites for each sister. All in all, Giana Sisters: Twisted Dreams is a steal at this price and an absolute must buy during any Steam sale."
,Recommended,223220,997693,"Posted: 1 November, 2012",all,Shako,"Platformer so you need a controller. You play as Giana she has 2 ""forms"" cute lets her do some kind of helicopter ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, while punk lets you do a charge that can bounce. It's pretty fun and the soundtrack is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome if you like the old school SNES music.  A good buy!"
,Recommended,223220,7606842,"Posted: 8 November, 2013",all,Cpt. Moist Panties,"A competent platformer that doesn't try to be ridiculously hard like Super Meat Boy, or ridiculously easy like Super Mario. The secrets are hidden away in logical areas, and you aren't required to tediously check every wall (like in Metroid 1). There's even a camera that allows you to see further beyond what you can look at, which ALL platformers should have.The game's main gimmick is the ability to switch between two characters. It's somewhat like Ikaruga; when you switch characters you get a different special technice (either a dash or a downward floating spin) and the levels require you to switch frequently throughout the level. Red gems can only be gotten by the redhead, Yellow gems by the blonde girl. Switching also changes the direction of elevators, platforms, activates see-through platforms, etc. It makes for an interesting game mechanic.I was gonna skip this game when I saw it, I thought it looked lame and girls eww cooties. Don't judge it by its cover, it's actually a really good game with what I can only describe as a fair difficulty level. Better than Super Meat Boy, recommended for anyone looking for a platformer."
,Recommended,223220,9168763,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,scoota33,"Once you can finally stat playing it, the game is good, but is by far the longest game i have encountered for 1st time setup procedures. i could have dragged my c64 out of the shed set it up and loaded the original giana sisters quicker than steam's 1st time load (step x of 8)"
,Recommended,223220,9172617,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Niklas,"Great platformer with fun mechanic, challenge you just enought (mid I am just about average at this kind of games)The biggest streangths is:+ Responsive movement+ Hight pase+ Sound Track+ Graphic designBiggest negative:- abit of a hazard to get it running on Windows 8 N (EU version)- can be consived as uneven challenge between stages- not a game you jump in for under a 30 minut period playtime (temporary saves doesn't save need to reset maps for each launch), but great for 40-60 min periods"
,Recommended,223220,2262141,"Posted: 23 July, 2013",all,Astronaut Status,"A ♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥, THATS THAT♥♥♥♥♥♥I DONT LIKE"
,Recommended,223220,9079203,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,PeacefulWaters,"Good game, it's like sonic and mario with a vibrant high contrast 2 little girls throw in a bowl and stirred. It's got a great soundtrack tho the game can be frustrating at times it's worth it tho to access anything like time attack or score attack you have to play normal not easy. I think that was sad tho I beat the game it still forced that issue. I would recommend a controller because my hands started cramping up from sitting in the same position on the arrow keys for so long that I had to take breaks. I'd recommend if it's on sale for sure! =)"
,Recommended,223220,8976575,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Luficer,"Awesome platformer game, has so much qualitys that i enjoyed in classic nintendo games"
,Recommended,223220,10801706,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Branden,Can not recommend enough. Such a solid platformer.
,Recommended,223220,8503238,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Kabo,Good Game
,Recommended,223220,4990018,"Posted: 14 April, 2013",all,Lightningy,"The art style is very good, and the music is amazing. Everything changes, enemies, environment, and movement, when you switch between the two sisters. The stark contrast between the world and the character you are using is amazing. The platforming is great, though sometimes perfectionists will feel a lot of frustration as some areas are very difficult to find. To 100% all areas, it will require multiple playthroughs. Quite a lengthy game despite how few levels it appears to have. Each level takes a while and the feel you get when exploring the worlds is indescribable."
,Recommended,223220,2950910,"Posted: 29 August, 2013",all,DynamiteDan77,I loved the C64 original!!..
76561198005940094,Recommended,223220,2337146,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,[Wolve]Kliiing!!!,"I never thougth this gam would be this fantastic and overwhelming and producing the same feelings the original did over 20 years ago, but I am proven wrong!definatly earning the GREAT in Great Gianna Sisters!"
,Recommended,223220,768877,"Posted: 26 July, 2013",all,Poddy,"A funny classic ""old school"" jump'n run. I can recommend it."
,Recommended,223220,2232241,"Posted: 25 July, 2013",all,Kathy,"its a nice game i love it ^.^actually the first version of this game released in the year 1987 before my birth and was called the great giana sisters..but they got a lil bit legal pressure by Nintendo maybe because they wrote on the title ""the brothers are history"" lolol..but anyways..july of 2012 they released this new nice version of it  :D worth to play it x)"
,Recommended,223220,4235311,"Posted: 25 October, 2012",all,Germaximus,"In the few hours ive played of it this is how i feel so far:The level design is amazing, the mechanics of it all are so crazy good switching between characters. Its just so inventive.Its a beautiful piece of art. In my opinion its got AAA quality graphics.  You have to play the game just to see that its even better than it looks. The 3D effects are beautiful and really add a lot of life just like Sonic Generations did. =)Screenshots look pretty amazing but they still dont do the game justice.The boss fights so far (i think only 2 for me lol) were really cool!"
,Recommended,223220,1939487,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,Zounder,"At first glace this game is a generic platformer, but there's an undeniable charm to it. Between the beautifully crafted environments, the dynamic and contrast between the two sisters' worlds, and lastly the amazing soundtrack, there is prlenty to immesre me deeply into the game.Unlike some others, I did not find the difficulty all that crazy aside from a few sections of the game. But no matter how easy you may find the game, there are challenge modes that can enhance both difficulty and replayability.I recommend this game to anyone who enjoys a platformer with charm."
,Recommended,223220,1869110,"Posted: 25 October, 2012",all,Electric Jam Machine,"Fantastic fun, best platformer I've played in a while."
76561198036058263,Recommended,223220,7757912,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,MeLose,"Great game. Other reviews touched on why, good controls, good level design, perfect difficulty."
,Recommended,223220,1871003,"Posted: 2 September, 2013",all,Theanine,"Beautiful and fun sidescrolling platformer. Really clever level design and puzzles. Multiple difficulty modes available. The default normal mode provides a really nice challenge, but for anyone who wants to get through it quick, there's an easy mode there for you too. I strongly recommend this game!"
,Recommended,223220,6910827,"Posted: 5 January, 2013",all,bnb,"Very like how the game looks, sounds and feels like. The idea with twisting the world and how it affects the graphics and music is great! One of the best platformer games I every saw."
76561197997909445,Not Recommended,223220,16675947,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,wafflekitty,"I was really enjoying this game up until I started trying to max rank the final level. The final level is very long and hard, but after some practice I was finally able to reach the boss without dying. But that final boss has too much randomness to his attack pattern. It is far too easy to get stuck in an unavoidable hit situation and fail the max rank due to a death. But you have to pass the max rank on every level to unlock the alternate play modes. It's frustrating beyond belief and I hate it."
,Recommended,223220,1052174,"Posted: 29 November, 2012",all,Morten,Excellent platformer with stunning graphics and nice music.
,Recommended,223220,1639599,"Posted: 27 December, 2012",all,Blue Devil,this game is cool
76561198085453646,Recommended,223220,7082233,"Posted: 31 May, 2013",all,tito.olivares,"Este juego es EXCELENTE.  Buenos gráficos, muy fluído, jugabilidad balanceada, buenos puzzles... todo lo que se puede pedir en un juego."
76561198033190864,Recommended,223220,4169973,"Posted: 2 November, 2012",all,MorbidTorture,AMAZING Platformer! Seriously good!
76561198011655666,Recommended,223220,2723711,"Posted: 4 June, 2013",all,Liadnur,Giana Sisters: Twisted Dreams combines satisfying gameplay with dazzling environments to create a worthy platformer.
76561197970529119,Recommended,223220,423082,"Posted: 30 August, 2013",all,Static10101,Awesome!  Interesting take on the platformer.. nice visuals too.
76561197974944134,Recommended,223220,670378,"Posted: 27 December, 2012",all,Creeping Malaise,"Great platforming gameplay, artwork is very well done, lots of fun!"
,Not Recommended,223220,15675666,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,ZombieBrain,"This game is a NOSTALGIA BOMB, it is nearly a must have for all Giana C64 gamer. Why ""nearly""? While the game is very hard and sometimes downright frustrating, the boss fights are insanly cheap! The boss take ages to attack, then they leave you with figuring out their weak spot and finally you get a chance to hit them. The final boss took me 5 hours!!! Why? Please look the final boss up on YouTube and you will see why.I am done with Giana Products. I loved the first one, I liked the NDS remake, but not very much and the bosses of THIS game killed the francise for me completly.Sorry Giana Creators, making games freakin' hard is ok, but making boss fights a chore is unforgivable."
,Recommended,223220,1765640,"Posted: 4 June, 2013",all,Yoyo,"A very nice sequel of a long-forgotten title seen in the Commodore 64 and Amiga days short lived thanks to a lawsuit filed by Nintendo themselves (similarities between The Great Giana Sisters and Super Mario Bros. were far too close). Now we're treated with a complete and amazing rebuild, full of beautiful visuals, vibrant animation, great music, epic boss fights and big stages with tons of secrets, this is a must-have for any and all platformer fans."
,Recommended,223220,3070874,"Posted: 29 December, 2012",all,Nass,"awesome soundtrack, hard gameplay, good looking.... worthed."
,Recommended,223220,2791238,"Posted: 14 January, 2013",all,jaredbhurst,Love this game. Platformer with some thinking puzzle type scenarios. Can be easy to beat or impossible depending on how you play it. The visuals are amazing and the sound track is fun.
76561198063230048,Not Recommended,223220,14951396,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,falke84,i prefer C64 version cause this version don't recall that one
76561197993888832,Not Recommended,223220,20013363,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,rayjay,"Haven't been able to play either of the Giana SIsters games on windows 7 pro 64bit. Same problem that tons of others have had with the side by side can't locate gsdemoconfigutilitiesdll.dll. Tried all of the so-called solutions with no joy. This problem exised  3 years ago & Black Forest still hasn't fixed it! Because of this I will never purchase anything from them in the future, unless they get off of their tired donkeys and fix the lauch problems with the games I've already wasted my money on! If Steam would back it's customers and just stop selling software that has known problems I'll bet they'd find a solution in a big hurry."
76561198060769714,Recommended,223220,6184010,"Posted: 3 November, 2012",all,Leumas818,"Very fun platformer game with a ""twist""! Glad it was successful in Steam Greenlight."
,Recommended,223220,5189569,"Posted: 8 January, 2013",all,hannabealla,this game is A LOT of fun!
,Recommended,223220,5233416,"Posted: 13 September, 2013",all,RavenousDash,"One of the best, most refreshing sidescrolling platformers I've played in a long time. Tight controls, beautiful graphics, amazing soundtrack, fun mechanics and hard as hell, though never feels cheap.What do you mean, you've never played it? Buy it!"
,Recommended,223220,714397,"Posted: 30 September, 2013",all,fairShare,"beautiful and brutal. if you're looking for a challenge, check this one out."
,Recommended,223220,1995680,"Posted: 23 October, 2012",all,kazereal,Amazing fun and addictive classic gameplay. :) Great visuals and cool music too.
,Recommended,223220,3924279,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,toymin80r,"If you don't like platformers, don't bother with this - I don't even know why you'd be reading this. However, if you enjoy a solid game regardless of genre, or if you simply like 2D platformers, you owe it to yourself to buy this game (especially if it's on sale). While not a defining characteristic of the game, Twisted Dreams is a graphically stunning game for both your eye and your graphics card. It's one of the few games that has left a lasting impression on me in both the audio and visual department, which says a lot considering this game was created by a small team of indie developers. Just like any good platformer, the controls are solid, the gameplay mechanics, while not entirely unique, are very well done, the music is awesome, and, in my opinion, the game strikes a nice balance in providing a relaxing yet challenging experience. If you're thinking about buying this game, stop thinking and start doing. You won't regret it (unless you're very inexperienced with 2D platformers or don't enjoy a decent challenge)."
,Recommended,223220,2176386,"Posted: 22 December, 2012",all,CuvisTheConqueror,"Fun and challenging old-school platforming with a lot of neat puzzles built around the world-switching gimmick.  Graphics are absolutely gorgeous, soundtrack kicks♥♥♥♥♥ control is tight, everything is awesome.  And it's *hard*!"
,Recommended,223220,8366182,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Trupence,Superb game.  Really good fun and challenging too.
,Recommended,223220,8374206,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,sam venice,"Saw it up on Steam Sale, played the demo, fell in love with it - insta-buy.Game is seriouly unforgiving, secrets are well hidden, it feels like ""one of those old games with a revamped look"", when you land a 100% clear is quite satisfactory AND the music is just amazing.Chris Huelsbeck is the man behind the score for Turrican, R-type, the original Giana Sisters and man more.Lovely, just lovely.Highly recommended: you should AT LEAST play the demo, c'mon it's few clicks away ^_^"
76561198000066930,Recommended,223220,8307358,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,SF Phoenix,"A nice platforming game. If you've played Ikaruga, it's like that except combined with platforming. You basically need to keep switching between worlds/dimensions to avoid traps and open doors.Unfortunately I'll never be able to finish it because my platforming skills are bad."
76561198020722643,Recommended,223220,8381576,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Soveris,Great Music.
,Recommended,223220,443050,"Posted: 23 October, 2012",all,kunstduenger,Best 2D Jump´n´Run ! nuff said !
76561198004900908,Recommended,223220,8398988,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,rckyhood,"excellent platformer,stunning graphics and inventive reality shifting ability,highly reccomended! 7.5/10"
,Recommended,223220,8384943,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Aggro Vulpes,Holy crap. This is definitely best platformer I've played in years. If you even casually like platformers you need to purchase this game! Well worth the money!The level switching mechanic works very well thanks to brillian level design. Movement and platforming in general feels right! I want to play more as soon as possible.
,Recommended,223220,146887,"Posted: 1 June, 2013",all,kholeric,"Pretty fun twist on a platformer.  I originally bought it for my son to play but, then I realized just how difficult the game is so I bought it for myself lol."
76561197961354617,Recommended,223220,8293977,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,slikless,"Very solid platformer, nice graphics and good controls. Also has a lot of content in general, and especially for achievement/trophy hunters. 8/10!"
,Recommended,223220,5171548,"Posted: 24 May, 2013",all,Arcane Scroll,"By far one of the most beautiful games I've ever played!  The soundtrack is wonderful, the animation is smooth, the controls are tight, and the switching between styles during gameplay is a very fun twist.This is one of the best, maybe even the best, platformers I have ever played."
,Recommended,223220,8240204,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Verbal Fireflies,"Giana Sisters is a challenging Puzzle Platformer that tests patience. It is not a long game, but the landscapes are gorgeous and is a fun play!"
,Recommended,223220,8183896,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Maids vs Witches,"Being a retrocomputing enthusiast, I had no choice but to try out the sequel in this seemingly forgotten series of years (or decades) past. I wasn't disappointed. Even with no familiarity with the series, it's a solid modern platformer packed with challenge and atmosphere.And there is plenty of challenge. The level design gets pretty unforgiving pretty quickly. One of my personal gripes with difficult platformers has always been the fact that I have to repeat the same areas so much that I often just end up quitting out of boredom. Twisted Dreams counters this with plenty of checkpoints and basically infinite lives. That might make it sound easy, but without sharp reflexes and a keen sense of observation, they won't do you much good.I definitely recommend it if you like platformers. It isn't *quite* Battle Toads, but that's only to its credit. Controller integration is excellent, too. The only thing I would add if I could is native support for GNU/Linux."
76561198055065605,Recommended,223220,5776272,"Posted: 30 October, 2012",all,Windup13ird,"Fifteen levels in and I feel I can safely recommend this game to anyone who is a fan of the platforming genre.  The core gameplay combines facets of three of my favorite platformers: helicopter slowfalls a la Donkey Kong Country 2/3, Sonic the Hedgehog's homing attack, and the dimension/color changing in Outland.  Giana Sisters does enough on its own and offers some relatively unique level experiences, but all in all it seems more like a tribute to the games I have previously mentioned.  For the completionist or competitor there is much to do after the main game; there is score/time attack as well as higher difficulty modes (simply no checkpoints or 1 life runs of the entire game).If you are looking for a 2D platformer on Steam I have run into very few that were better than Giana Sisters."
76561198031219411,Recommended,223220,4043548,"Posted: 14 February, 2013",all,Inf3ct3dMushr00m,A MUST HAVE DEFINITELY WORTH THE PURCHASE IF YOU ARE INTO PLATFORMERS AND PUNK/ROCK MUSIC
76561198112686554,Recommended,223220,8010960,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,RockapulcoRed,"This game is so much fun, and the graphics are total eye candy especially when the environment is in ""punk"" mode!"
76561198050590838,Recommended,223220,5486470,"Posted: 31 August, 2013",all,MLG Giffany,"This Game Is Cool With A Chance Of... You Get To Play As A Little Girl Who Can Transform Into A Goth That Transforms Into A Little Girl. And You Get A Twisted Dream. Cute = Scary. Scary = Cute. Sorry You Had To Know That, The Little Girl Has To Save Her Sister From Some Stupid Dragon."
76561197999501724,Recommended,223220,9238666,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Quick_Macox,Awesome
76561198056884117,Recommended,223220,5996548,"Posted: 10 December, 2012",all,Gadwin,"Calm music for dodging enemies, heavy music for bashing heads. Great game, if you're a fan of games such as Super Mario, you totally owe yourself to check this out!"
,Recommended,223220,287907,"Posted: 12 August, 2013",all,bwompbwomp,"An average platformer that relies on its showcase mechanic: Changing between two different dream worlds. The background graphics are great, especially when switching between worlds. Gets very challenging as it progresses. However, the gameplay, levels, and music become monotonous after a while."
76561198043665651,Recommended,223220,4949806,"Posted: 20 September, 2013",all,PaperJack,Questo gioco fà smadonnare! Non mi sorprendo se abbiano messo la versione più semplificata!This game make you swear! I'm not surprised if the developerss make an easier version!
,Recommended,223220,2303308,"Posted: 23 February, 2013",all,[Faff] GMRand,"Brilliant art style and gameplay, very reminiscent of older platform games. I'd recommend using a gamepad to play though, as attempting some of the jumps on a keyboard can be difficult."
,Recommended,223220,1226106,"Posted: 14 February, 2013",all,Arkveveen,"Giana Sisters is a wonderful, beautiful, fantastical, and glorious platformer that is both addicting AND satisfying! I swear, when I play this game, I feel like I am playing the fantastic Donkey Kong: Country games on the SNES.Although completely lacking in story and context, this beautiful huge dream world for you to explore is well worth it. With an interesting ""mood changing"" mechanic by switching between two characters, fun gem collecting, and many game modes, this is a platformer no retro gamer can go without! Heck, even MODERN indie game lovers should try this game out!Give it a shot, you won't regret it once it caresses your eyeballs with it's beauty. ^ ^"
,Recommended,223220,8770775,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,imac2much,"Before I played Rayman Origins and Legends, I was starved for some good old-fashioned platforming.  I've played most of the Mario games on DS and 3DS (3D Land, New Super Mario 1 and 2, etc), but somehow they just never scratched the itch.  Giana Sisters is beautiful with memorable music, and yet its challenge was the biggest draw for me.  The game quickly escalates in difficulty, but it's the kind of difficulty that results from a necessity for precision than a lack of good control, so it always seemed fair.  Combine this with a seemingly innocuous mechanic of switching between worlds to match up colors... we saw this in games like Outland and Ikaruga, but Giana Sisters somehow finds ways of using this mechanic in creative ways up until the last stage.  My one complaint is that the music, while enjoyable for a while, really starts to grate on your nerves as there are really only two songs playing throughout the entire game."
,Recommended,223220,139976,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,Vella,"I love this game :) If you like ""classic"" platforming, this will be for you. However, it also adds a ""two worlds"" aspect, forcing you to switch between 2 forms to complete the levels."
,Recommended,223220,5090749,"Posted: 2 August, 2013",all,NovaAteBatman,Really great game! The visuals are ever changing and the gameplay is fun but sometimes frustrating. Reminds me of the golden days of the original Playstation and N64.
,Recommended,223220,8504246,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Gubbins1,Great looking old school fun. Get it in the steam sale and you won't regret it if you like platformers
,Recommended,223220,8516850,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,JudgeJamesC,My god this is one hell of a platformer. Albiet I'm not very good at them so it's not uncommon for a platformer made these days to♥♥♥♥♥♥me off sometimes. Mind you that isn't really a bad thing. Given my experience with platformers know a platformer is good when I'm shouting obscenities at the screen and hoping the developer dies in a fire when I keep missing a jump on normal difficulty. I'm just kidding Black Forest; you did a great job with this title and I'm looking forward having my♥♥♥♥♥handed to me in the sequal. Aside from gameplay I love the music mechanic between perky and rebel giana. I'd like to see a soundtrack released at somepoint if it hasn't been done already. This game is Highly recommended if you want to play a challenging platformer.
,Recommended,223220,2704224,"Posted: 29 December, 2012",all,Because I'm Batman!!,Awesome gameplay mechanics!I love to bounce through the levels with the red twin :D
,Recommended,223220,8462630,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,SilvertaildFox,"A well executed concept for a platformer. Great background & music, and even greater considering the marvelous transition between 2 tracks.One minor thing is it can be annoyingly difficult at times, like squeezing through gaps or landing on the smallest of platforms."
,Recommended,223220,8609528,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Unexpected,"Wonderful level design, controls, music and artistic direction. Definitely worth playing!"
76561198050537674,Recommended,223220,8435771,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,dbowen,"This is a diamond in the rough.  My daughters and I LOVE Rayman Legends and Origins, and my 8 year old thinks Giana Sisters is better.  Hard for me to disagree.  Love this game."
,Recommended,223220,8437624,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,what sorceress this,It's a cool platformer. But I just wish the controls were tight enough to justify its difficulty.
,Recommended,223220,7384647,"Posted: 14 October, 2013",all,enthralledecay,"Tricky gameplay will test your platforming skills. This oldschool-hard, visually beautiful game will frustrate; but rewards you by feeling good once completed :]"
,Recommended,223220,7935876,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,arty1977,best pure-platformer of the recent years (on easy). too bad for the too-hard final boss (on normal).
,Recommended,223220,7964602,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Kritikos,Better than I expected. It's pretty long and challenging. For fans of sidescrolling platformers that are a bit sadistic.
,Recommended,223220,7965027,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,dotaloc,"fun platformer!playing it with the kid.  doesn't break any new ground, really...well, the sister switching is visually interesting...but the gameplay mechanics have all been done, I think.  still a fun platformer and worth some time.  i like the graphics."
,Recommended,223220,8374389,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Flibblesan,This is f-king awesome!
,Recommended,223220,2241228,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,NET.poiZon,"Шикарный саундтрек + динамичный, незамысловатый геймплей. Рекомендую!"
,Recommended,223220,6341247,"Posted: 23 July, 2013",all,Doctor Spazz,A platformers dream. A mix of old school platforming with a sprinkly of rogue like elements (if you dare to play on hardcore) this game will keep you coming back for more. Amazing visuals and polished gameplay. A must buy.
,Recommended,223220,2515751,"Posted: 25 July, 2013",all,Sayer Raider,"A long time ago, the name of Giana Sisters was synonim for ""crappy Super Mario clone"". Well, I'm glad to assure everyone that now it mans ""Great game with original worlds to explore that change around you, new powers and puzzle mechanics in which you must use the two sisters to change the world around you and continue further"". If you love platformers, you won't be dissapointed."
,Recommended,223220,2668022,"Posted: 28 December, 2012",all,Captain Cabinet,You will always want to play as the red one because of the soundtrack..
,Recommended,223220,7364598,"Posted: 11 October, 2013",all,Solty D,"Giana Sisters is a fun throwback to the original C64 (and other ports) title with a few new twists in gameplay. The artwork is gorgeous and detailed and because you can flip from one dream state to the other instantly, each level has two completely different art styles. My only knock to the graphics is that there isn't a great deal of variety in themes. You get an outdoorsy setting, a castle setting, and that's about it. The music also changes as you twist the dream back and forth, half of it done by SID-metal band Machinae Supremacy. The music is enjoyable but suffers in the same manner as the graphics; lack of variety means you're hearing the same tunes again quickly. The controls are pretty tight but not perfect; they're solid enough to get you through the game but could become a sticking point in the more difficult modes.Which brings me to an important point: This game is hard, and prides itself on that feature. The later levels are not for the easily frustrated! There is an easier remixed level mode but if you're playing on even Normal difficulty expect an uphill climb fit for the accomplished platform gamer. For the truly masochistic there are Hardcore and Uber Hardcore difficulties which up the ante by either sending you back to the beginning of the level or the entire game with every death.Overall this is a game with a few nicks on it but is otherwise a solid platformer for fans of the genre. Fun to play, to look at and listen to."
,Not Recommended,223220,9802097,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Cyril,"Really is hard for me to decide whether to be positive or negative about this one, but when in doubt go for the negative.The positive qualities of the game are just slightly outweighed by the negatives, unfortunately.First off, the game isn't /that/ hard. Not compared to lots of other ""hard"" platformers on steam at least. Not easy, no, but not that difficult either. That's not a bad thing though; in fact it's about where I like games to be in terms of challenge most of the time. The problem is that it gets to that difficulty pretty quickly and then never really gets noticeably harder. 1-6 is the first hard level and then after that the game does nothing to really challenge you until the final boss.Another big issue I have is some technical issues. Most notably, occasionally the dash move will stop short of your intended target leaving you to die by face-ramming into the enemy you were attacking. This happens a bit too frequently to ignore it. The dash can be unreliable in general, too, but that's the biggest problem I've seen with it.Though, the *real* issue I have with this game is the tedium. All over the place... the game slows its pacing to a crawl. Way, way too often. By the end of the game you've gotten no less than 3 ways to move reeeeally slow around levels. And the bosses get worse and worse about it too. The first boss is decent. The second boss requires a bit too much waiting. The final boss is simultaneously the most difficult part of the game and INSANELY BORING. It takes no less than 4 minutes to defeat him (via 3 hits) due to how long a hit cycle is, and that's just plain inexcusable. As well, the levels tend to feel like they lacked variety. There's only ever forests and castles, essentially. 1-6 is a cave I guess but it's forest-y and 2-7 has this ocean ruins aesthetic but it's really castle-y, and the rest of the levels literally don't stray in the slightest from the two main ones. And since the level objects remain mostly the same the result is what feels like rather unnecessarily repetitive level design. On top of that some of the levels hardly feel cohesive; on a few occasions there are levels that will have a random short water section at the very end for what feels like no reason at all other than to extend the level a bit.The game can be mildly fun at times (3-6 for example is pretty fun to play) but too often I found myself not having much fun at all. Not the worst in its genre by any means, and maybe you'll like it more than I did, since it's not terrible at all, but certainly you could do better than this."
,Recommended,223220,5005538,"Posted: 13 February, 2013",all,maky,"Consigliatissimo,il miglior Platform su Steam"
,Recommended,223220,4828578,"Posted: 11 June, 2013",all,Iggi,"Platforming Jumping Semi-Puzzle like game. If you're into old school type platformers with much better graphics, music, and gameplay this game is awesome. You control 1 of 2 girls at any give time, but you can switch between the two, and doing so changes the ability you have, the world around you, and the music. I had to get the soundtrack because I liked it so much, if you have even the slightest interest, get this game, it's a must have for 3 bucks."
,Recommended,223220,1724456,"Posted: 29 October, 2012",all,elecorn,I am loving this game!  I highly recommend it for people who like platformers.
76561197970477049,Recommended,223220,413771,"Posted: 24 October, 2012",all,Keldrim,Jump n Run at its best nuff said...
,Recommended,223220,1839204,"Posted: 13 February, 2013",all,TkOmEsS,Beauty and fun!  @ 5$ it's a steal if you're a platformer kinda gamer ;)
,Recommended,223220,46881,"Posted: 2 July, 2013",all,PL,"Really fun collectathon platformer in the same vein as Super Mario Bros.  Has a light/dark mechanic that lets you access different parts of levels, and becomes very tricky as you progress through the game.  Much better than the older Giana Sister games, which were basically just Mario clones.  This introduces a lot of new mechanics that make it less like Mario and more unique.  Won't take very long to beat if you're good at platformers, but there's a lot of replay value if you like collecting stuff and the levels are long and increasingly difficult.  Worth the 7 bucks I paid for it."
,Not Recommended,223220,1934380,"Posted: 26 February, 2013",all,Snus,"This game looks fresh and magical only the first couple levels. Soon you understand that's basically a damn Mario, an old school platformer that challenges your reflexes and nerves in every possible way. If you're up to that, buy it. If you're looking for a Trine styled gameplay, stay as far from Giana Sisters as possible. This is a hard and unforgiving game.Update: Decided to get back into the game after a while. I don't know how exactly they have updated it, but there are now constant fps drops (from 60 to 40-50) on a PC that is much faster than the game's recommended system requirements. Fps drops make the game stutter, and since it's a platformer, this makes it simply unplayable. Bye, Giana Sisters."
,Recommended,223220,2583980,"Posted: 26 October, 2012",all,JackInThe[BOX],"A surprisingly entertaining platformer that is well worth the buy. Very unique changes between light and dark, the entire environment moves and changes depending on the side you switch to, including the music."
,Recommended,223220,579849,"Posted: 8 November, 2012",all,[mXc]The Deviot,"The review says it all:https://commaeightcommaone.wordpress.com/2013/09/24/reposted-review-giana-sisters-twisted-dreams/This game is a must own for anyone who loves platformers, as well asanyone tired of the plethora of carbon copy corridor shooters, and derivativerole playing games we've seen all of this generation. If you're looking forsomething familiar, yet different or simply a good game of any kind. You needto pick up Giana Sisters: Twisted Dreams. It's $60 AAA quality for a $15 pricepoint. At that price it also makes for a great choice for cash strapped gifters this season.Buy it now. Not after breakfast.... Not after CSI.... Now! (Not my bit but still applicable.)EDIT: 4 years later, and my opinion stands. One of the best platformers ever. It has since landed onXbox 360, Xbox One, Playstation 3, Playstation 4, and Wii U. The PS4, and Wii U even got physical editions of the Directowl's Cut, which is the game bundled with the Rise Of The Owlverlord expansion, and the free holiday stages BFG added to the PC previously. If you still don't have this game in some iteration you should rectify that ASAP."
,Recommended,223220,1138153,"Posted: 23 July, 2013",all,ancalimon,Extreme fun. One of the best platformers. Great music.
,Recommended,223220,701475,"Posted: 20 November, 2012",all,thunderwulf,Beautiful platformer with interesting game play concepts.  Best played with a gamepad.
