user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,223330,24583236,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,camXmile,"The game is boasting that it's from 2012. Well it was completed that year but don't be fooled! The game can be traced back to Pirates of the Caribbean (2003) a. k. a. Corsairs 2 or Sea Dogs 2 and manages to look and feel much worse. TEHO in essence is a stand-alone DLC for Corsairs 3 a. k. a. Sea Dogs: Caribbean Tales (2006) which also was a huge step back compared to PotC. The developers tried to make a joke with game's abbreviation: PO:TEHO (PO standing for Pirates Odyssey) which looks like a transliterated russian word ""fun"" but it only makes them look even worse 'cause this game is anything but fun.The first quest is atrocious. I couldn't leave the starting island for 6 bloody hours! And that's after playing the previous 2 games for at least a thousand hours. In PotC you can complete a similar tutorial and learn all the basics in 5 minutes or skip it and learn the game as you go. In TEHO they make backtracking a key game mechanic. You will be going the same paths for hours in a series of lazy uninspired fetch quests.Naval battles are ridiculously brutal. You start with such low stats that it may take a couple of hours to capture the weakest ship. And let's not forget about ""glitched"" ships that you can only sink by aiming manually or by boarding. I'm pretty sure that it was easier to become a real pirate than play this game. It kicks in after about 100 hours once you reach decent skill points in Navigation and Cannons and becomes more playable but those hours will chase you in nightmares.Music is a huge disappointment. I still listen PotC soundtrack sometimes but TEHO's music is the most generic and annoying thing I've heard in years.Overall TEHO is a bug infested mess with hugely reduced playability to make it more ""realistic"" - yeah, good luck making it to another island in time while the wind is blowing in opposite direction. Also you could choose a female playable character in Corsairs 3. In SD: TEHO you can't, which is a pity 'cause you're stuck looking at guy's rear for many hours."
,Recommended,223330,32223678,Posted: 6 June,all,✌Anders✌,"I see a lot of other reviewers have down voted this game because it is too difficult.Yes, it is difficult. Yes you suck at doing anything at the beginning. Yes the graphics are old. Yes the tutorial is long.You are not Captain Jack Sparrow who can just boopity-boop his way through all the challenges without any care.Having a long tutorial is necessary if you are to have any chance at this game without previous experience.This is one of those games where you just have to bite your lips while taking the pain and learn from it. Eventually you will discover good ways to play the game and challenges that seemed hopeless yesterday you now breeze through instead.Your character ingame are after all Charles de Maure, a guy who up to the start of the game have only been enjoying himself in the salons of Paris. He knows nothing about being a captain, and you will take part in his journey to becoming one. Therefore if your cannons don't hit - hire an officer who has a high skill in cannons to command the gun deck. If you are bad at trading - hire a purser! Same goes for all the other skills. Eventually you will become skilled enough yourself that you don't need them anymore.There is of course very little you can do about bugs that might happen ingame. How do you remedy this? A good save game policy where you make fresh manual saves (no overwrites) often and in key points of the game. If something were to go wrong you can always go back even though it is slightly annoying.More content is on its way but there is only a handful of people working on this so everything takes time.If people need help in the start phase of this game there are guides on the games community page you can read. It has a bit rough english translation but it is better than nothing.Quickly summed up - buy this if you are up for a challenging, rewarding game not for the faint of heart. ☮EDIT: I have since writing this review made a guide of my own on the games tutorial along with a few helpful gameplay tips. Definately recommend any newcomers to read it. Cheers.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=942607685"
76561198009922165,Recommended,223330,22580796,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,The_Black_Knight,"Very OLD Akella Pirates game player here when ""dinosaurs ruled the earth"".I basically played the entire game in Russian before it was released in English offline.The game series has been around since 2000.  Developed by Akella.  This is actually the SIXTH game in the series.  Sea Dogs, POTC (Sea Dogs Modification, SD2, the bad disney production), Age of Pirates (AoP) , Tortuga - Two Treasures, AoP2:COAS (City of Abandoned Ships) , and POTEHO (SDTEHO). Black Mark Studios has most of the original modders and designs from the original games.  SDTEHO has MANY of the same landmarks as COAS and similar quests.  Personally, I am partial to COAS for many reasons, but predominantly the freedom to do whatever the hell you want very early.There are several other distinct subset series mods as well both from Russian (Ukraine), and the the generated POTC Build Mod, Gentlemen of Fortune and ""Eras"" mods.  The one that is most notable is the ""Gentlemen of Fortune"" (GoF) + Eras which makes the game even more massive in terms of gameplay, but ""cryptic"" terms of controls and difficulty.In order to enjoy THIS game, a player has to be willing ""take the pain up the bunghole"", at least initially anyway.It is rogue style, you die, you are DEAD.You will die.You will get frustrated.You will get angry.You will probably curse at your computer.You will probably curse at Akella / BlackMark Studio developers.You might even curse in Russian if you know the language.Save your game, OFTEN.I do mean A LOT.You may even have to revert to an earlier stage because you missed something critical.If you do not and end up on the main screen staring and saying ""WTF!"" because you just lost 10 hours of gameplay, it is YOUR fault.I REALLY mean that.This game can be incredibly unforgiving at times.I was part of the design production team of the original English release of AoP2:  COAS, but passed on the English translation of SDTEHO, because even the updated Storm Engine is not aging well and problems with the original English release.  Currently the translation to English is absolutely insanely laughable at times, but most of us left that understand the game engine are probably not going to fix this game in the series this time round as Akella still has not learned their lessons.  Additionally, the entire source is not available inside the game anyway as it is ENCRYPTED.  Thanks Akella.There are quests on this particular game that will give you more game rage that you have ever experienced in previous series.  ""The Gambit"" comes to mind, sailing in ""real time"" and even with time compression is laborious.  Most people have not seen the endings of the later games due to difficulty or just throw up their hands and go, ""I quit"".""Silly gamers, SDTEHO is not for kids...""Basically the gameplay provides a very solid RGP single player experience, but the controls are still ARCHAIC, graphics are aging (lack of intiial DirectX 9 support is UNACCEPTABLE this is 2016!), hit detection is average, and this game WILL NOT HOLD YOUR HAND.There are no ""arrows"" to guide you.You need to WRITE DOWN things in order to remember them.You need to do some research on how to do things, because the game will not tell you how to do them even with the extra long tutorial.There are a lot of game mechanic concepts that have to be understood UPFRONT.Combat can be unfair and brutish for the unprepared.Landmarks and graphics are RECYCLED from all previous games (with some small expanded list of new areas and features such as ships decks).Items are GREATLY expanded, which magic and alchemy all over the place.It adds a new twist to the game series.There are NO FULL VOICE OVERS (that are unrelated to dialogue), so get used to it, or move on.Failure to read dialogue can result in game failure, and some things are ONLY said ONCE!You are not in a ""Captain Blood"" novel here.You need to earn your place in order to be successful.You will need to spend a LOT of time in order to build up your skills.Once you master the mechanics you will have a great time, but that will require about 8-10 hours at least if you have never played the series before.Age of Pirates Words of Wisdom:  ""Rewards come to those that are patient"".Can you pass the test?"
76561198061380472,Recommended,223330,24482873,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,LHookins,"I have a love/hate relationship with this game.The graphics are good, sailing has a relaxed realism to it, land and sea combat are generally good.But you start the game having to complete 6 quests before you can buy your ship.  The quests aren't always straightforward, and it's the only way to make the money required to buy your ship.  If you complete all of them, you'll have 60,000 pesos, far more than enough to buy your ship, provision it, and hire a crew and navigator (necessary because you don't have the sailing skill to manage your starting ship).  If you miss a quest or two, you might come up short of cash.The various quests range from fairly simple to overly fiddly, and if you make some wrong decisions you can fail a quest or get paid a lot less.  Expect to save and load often, but do not overwrite a save, always save in a new slot... otherwise the game can get unstable (according to the developers).  You can add an explanation to the name of the save game, which is quite helpful, and you can delete older saves when they're no longer needed, but keep saves at strategic points ""just in case"".You'll have to sail to another island, do a few quests there, then sail back to the original island before the ""sandbox"" version of the game is unlocked.  Once it's unlocked, the game is a lot more fun.  All the starting quests function as a sort of extended tutorial, so you really need to do them anyway.There are guides and walkthroughs to help you with the quests, not only the initial ones but quests later in the game.  These are essential reading.  Some of these are better than others, so keep reading.You may find yourself starting a new game a few times until you learn your way through.  That's ok, the quests are a lot easier the second or third time through and figuring out the optimum path through the quests can be a lot of fun.One major drawback is that there is no README file or manual with the English version of the game.  I've written a guide that should provide all the information you need, so check it out, and I've posted more information on the forums, including my own walkthroughs of the initial quests.Even with all the problems, I'm really enjoying the game.  Even if I do use colorful language fairly often. :D-------Ok, time for an update.I've finally finished the sandbox portion of the game.  The timer on the saved game says I've got almost 160 hours at this point, with 530 hours total in Sea Dogs because I started a lot of games.  This is the first time I've finished the sandbox.It turns out the tutorial quests, before you get to the sandbox, are really necessary.  You do a bit of everything that's in the rest of the game, and it prepares you for the sandbox.  But it would be nice if these were spread out a bit more and you got your ship a lot earlier.The sandbox is pure open play.  You can do pretty much whatever you want.  You have 3 game months to earn 1 million pesos.  It gives you time to level up your character, build up your skills, find a good set of officers, and hopefully find a good ship or two.  The sandbox is a lot of fun, and it's exactly what I was looking for in a pirate game.The tutorial is one game, the sandbox is another, and now I'm starting the story quests, and there are 3, possibly with some branch paths as well.  This will be 3 more games, and playing the story quest is different from playing the sandbox.  You'll see what I mean when you get there.By this time, I've ""won"" the sandbox and there's not much left to do there except start a new game.  The balance is just about perfect.I've been told that the story quests are very good, with lots of depth.  I really didn't know what the game was about until I got to this point.  Some of the forum posts about the story line quests made it sound like something I didn't really want to do, but I'm quite looking forward to this now.  Getting to know the game makes a big difference.I don't use colorful language any more, since I've learned to save the game at strategic spots.  :)"
,Recommended,223330,22169807,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,SonataFanatica,"For all of you who don't know it yet: this is the fifth game in the Sea Dogs series (originally named ""Корсары"").The previous games are titled as follows:Sea Dogs 1: ""Sea Dogs: An Epic Adventure At Sea"" (2000)Sea Dogs 2: ""Pirates of the Caribbean"" (2003)Sea Dogs 3: ""Age of Pirates: Caribbean Tales"" (2005)Sea Dogs 4: ""Age of Pirates: City of Abandoned Ships"" (2009)Back in the day, ""Pirates of the Caribbean"" (which got the license of the Disney film) was my favourite pirate game of all time. I had played the classics ""Pirates!"", ""Sea Legends"", ""Big Sea"", ""1869: History Experience"" and many many more before that, but ""Pirates of the Caribbean"" was the one to keep me entertained for... well... years, actually. It just had everything: sailing, naval battle, exploration of many different areas of the isles on foot, trading, raiding forts and much more. The soundtrack was absolutely enchanting and while the game had a bit of a console feel to it (and a few bugs), it was just amazing. The two ""Age of Pirates"" games were great as well, but they had no real main story (at least not to the extent of the predecessor) - instead you could create your own character and just be free in the caribbean. Sounded nice on paper, but playing the game felt a bit redundant.(My REAL problem with those games was the atrocious StarForce copy protection on the disks. I just don't like rootkits on my PC, so I installed them both exactly once and when I grew tired of them, I uninstalled them, never to turn back to them again. ""Better go back to Sea Dogs 2"", I thought for many years.)It's been SEVEN YEARS since the last instalment in the series and now there's finally a brand-new game! And thankfully, it offers everything the great ""Sea Dogs 2/Pirates of the Caribbean"" offered. Here, we FINALLY have the good old feeling of being back in the caribbean. There's only one character to choose, just as in Sea Dogs 2, and it's great because it comes with a strong story hook (no pun intended).Of course, the game's engine feels exactly like the one from 2003.Yeah, the voice acting is borderline silly. And yes, apart from SOME(!) high-res textures, the graphics seem like they are from 2006 or something.And yes, instead of video sequences that tell the story, you get most of the exposition by dialog boxes (almost like in those anime visual novels).HOWEVER: This really *IS* what the perfect pirate game should feel like. It's a bit wonky, yes, but it's worth every second of your time, without a doubt. Here's why:Want to sail your ship from island to island with the possibility of switching to real-time every second? You can!Want to buy and sell ships, freight, loot and other items, equipping the best weapons and armor to improve your stats? Then do that!Want to explore all the different islands on foot and discover exciting areas? This game has that, and it's gorgeous!Want to engage in exciting naval battles with the option of boarding enemy ships, attacking the enemy sailors with swords and guns, advancing to the captain's quarters in order to finish him and take over the ship? That's what this game is best at!! :)Want to raid cities/forts the same way - by attacking them with your fleet and then finishing them off with swords and guns? Heeeell yeah, go for it!!Up until now, this game hasn't had all that much of attention (let alone media coverage), which is an absolute shame because it clearly deserves it! These developers DESERVE to finally have real success with their creation! So even if it's a pirate game: don't pirate it! Support these guys!!If you've ever thought ""A pirate I was meant to be, trim the sails and roam the sea..."", THIS is the perfect game for you!"
76561198273996119,Recommended,223330,23438383,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,Alstack,"This game has its issues. Unlike other games I play the developers seem to pay attention to our complaints as to bugs, crashes, translations and such.  With that said, this is a great game. No it is not as polished as ""The Witcher"" series, but the potential is there with future updates, fixes and releases.There is a serious learning curve, which only enhances the playability. Understanding all you can and can not do, makes the game interesting. I enjoy a challenge. Some of the missions are close to impossible untill you understand the game mechanics along with your abilities. I like the AI that controls the sailing aspect, seas, wind, weather. I actually sail and that part of the game is fun for me.Getting the map of the Caribbean Sea, for the game's time period is valuable. As all things in the real world, names of places change, the geography pretty much stays the same. Different ships, weapons and core crew members make for interesting choices you need to make. Some will come back to haunt you others were splendid choices.Of course save often in open slots, follow the developers suggestions for a smoother game, and when all else fails and your frustrated, start over choose different options and see if they fit your style of play.No, this game is not for everyone. I am sure eventually with luck and persistance you will become the feared pirate ""Roberts"" with a devastating ship, but till then play and enjoy. Be part of a game still being tweeked and developed by a group of developers who, IMHO get it."
,Not Recommended,223330,28578459,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,✠ The Italian Spaniard ⚜,"I want so badly to like this game. And I do, on the surface. But out of the many, MANY games I've played (not even just counting pirate games), this has to be one of the most stressful, painfully frustrating games I've ever played. After putting 22 hours into this game, I still felt like I was in a tutorial, and just got sick of it. I'll just put this into pros and cons:Pros (I'll start off as optimistic as I can):- Cool weapons; also accurate for the time unlike some pirate games- I think this is the best pirate game I own GRAPHICS-WISE, yet also the one I run at highest FPS out of all of them! Sid Meier's Pirates and Blood & Gold: Caribbean have slightly worse graphics tbh, yet I get about 10-20 FPS more on this game, averaging at 70-80, even in large battes and highly populated areas. Hats off to whoever optimized this game, you did the one thing AC4:BF could not!- Acceleration, otherwise the game would be so slow it'd be unplayable. And I don't mean slow as in FPS, I mean the ships crawl like turtles unless you have it as 6x-8x speed. No idea why the devs intentionally had ships sail in real time by default, since every other pirate game I've played has already figured out that it's way too boring.- There are surely other good parts of this game, but none of them are apparent to me after my 22hrs playing, meaning they're too much of a pain to get to in the first place.Cons:- The English translation is HORRIBLE! Run-on sentences, uncapitalization, misused phrases that don't make sense, etc... literally one of the lines is ""hello I need an information"". It's so weird too, because it's just stuff the player says, most of the NPCs have near-perfect English, as if they're uneducated like they would be in that time. At least 40% of the dialogue looks like it was written by a 9 year old.- The average player, including myself, will spend AT LEAST 4 hours... ON THE FIRST ISLAND! You don't even get a ship until you get a TON of money, and you have no choice but to do a lot of quests (some are okay) and steal from houses! And even if you find anything good, you have to sell it all just to get all of the supplies necessary to leave the island once you get a ship! On top of that, once you've sold all the things you'd rather keep, you ALSO have to sell most of your cargo! For at least 2 hours I was thinking, WHEN CAN I GET OFF THIS DAMNED ROCK?! I thought this was a pirate game, where's my damned ship already! There is also no tutorials, no manual, nothing. I've had to write discussion posts pleading for help at least 15 times before I even bought my ship. It's ridiculous. I only started getting a hang of the game maybe 10 hours in, and I'm usually good at getting into a new game.- Bad combat system. Your crew gets in the way during a boarding, even on a huge ship, and they get killed off by the eliter troops, leaving you surrounded by 20 angry pirates. The worst thing is, if you die, you restart at that boarding, and unless you win, it's impossible to abort: basically, save every time you do something major, or you could get stuck very easily with a ship that's too good for you, and dying over and over will get you nowhere, so you'll have to restart. Over my 22 hour playtime, I've gotten trapped like this two times, totalling to about a 3 hour set back each -- and I do NOT like redoing things.- Little to no gear upgrading. In my 22 hour playtime, not ONCE have I seen another sword or pistol or armor besides the ones I had in a store. All I got once was an arquebus from a special quest, but then I got stuck and had no choice but to go to a previous save, about a 3 hour setback. Damnit was I♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and I never saw the quest again.- Map navigation. You can't go anywhere without 5 pirate ships after you, and they usually outsail me, and you can't avoid fighting with them. Also, most quests give half the days I need to get to where I need to be, and if I'm just 2 days late, the quest not only fails, but my reputation with the quest's nation becomes HOSTILE! How the ♥♥♥♥ does missing a single shipment of cargo make a whole nation think I'm their enemy? That'd be like a kid having his homework in a day late, and then he gets expelled. Then if you wanna build the rep back with that nation, either THEY'LL be trying to kill you, or a governor for that nation will give you another quest -- that's twice as difficult! Speaking of difficult...- The EASIEST DIFFICULTY is what I've been playing on. If this is the easiest difficulty, then whoever plays the hardest difficulty will quite literally throw his computer out their window in rage and proceed to punch their tv multiple times... in the first 2 hours.- No cheats. I'm no cheater in most games, but this game needs it. This game also needs modding, which it can't be yet. All I need is a few extra pesos and maybe I could get somewhere in this game. If I could just have a large ship and crew, some good weapons, and enough cargo, maybe I'd actually continue playing this game. But for now, this game is just such a piece of crap.TL;DR: There's a part of me that just wants to play this game, thinking ""maybe things will be different today?"" but they never are. I want so badly to just have fun with this game, but alas, it's quite impossible. For this reason, this is the first game I am not recommending, which is so sad since this game has so much potential, and I've played many stupider games than this one, but this is the first on steam that I've truly needed to dis-recommend. For these reasons, keep your $20 in your wallet. If you want to ignore this review completely and buy the game anyway, I beg that you at least wait until a sale and spend only a few dollars on it, else you'll very likely be missing that $20 shortly."
,Recommended,223330,21161322,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Armored Elk,"Do you like pirates? Becauseif you do, you should get this game ASAP.Yes, the graphics are old, but other aspects are awesome!Let`s go down the list:1) Great, and realistic sea combat - you can use different types of ammo to deal damage (bombs can begin fire, shrapnel will tear crew apart )2) Ground combat mechanics are unique - it`s challenging at first, but when you get used to it, you will ask yourself ""Why nobody did this before?""3) Great role-playing system - It`s got character stats, character perks and ship perks4) ALOT of micromanagement!5) Awesome quests, great characters, great artstyle6) Massive open-worldAnd a lot more!And finally devs made english translation! (It took pretty long time)"
76561197984327895,Not Recommended,223330,29077938,Posted: 6 January,all,Wraith,"I really want to like this game, I really do. I adored the original Sea Dogs, and Pirates when it came out in 2008 - This is the exact same engine, made to be a little more pretty. The game itself is good, and priced at $10 I don't feel i have been cheated for getting it. But here is the problem - The English translation for this game is broken to the point of nonsense.The game journal doesn't make proper notes for you, and what it does is in the same broken nonsense that the NPC's speak.Getting through just the Tutorial in this game is one of the most infuriating things i have ever had to accomplish. They basically break the mechanics of the game for the tutorial which forces you to do quests in a certain order without actually telling you what you need to do.After reading some guides, and maybe watching some play throughs on youtube - You will figure it out, but by that point you'll be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off already and have probably spent 10 hours accomplishing nothing much at all.Here is my biggest peice of advice - Make a save file the moment you complete the Tutorial♥♥♥♥♥♥ and save it - Save it forever so you never have to replay any of that garbage ever again.That being said, - If they fixed the translation which i am almost positive cause half the tutorial confusion. I'd give this game a thumbs up.Update: 30 Hours in and I have to restart the game because i did one step of the tutorial out of sequence. --- I wish I was kidding. Again, I really want to like this game but HOLY ♥♥♥♥.Update #2: Restared game - got into the heart of the material and despite everything was enjoying it, encountered a game breaking bug that has left me stranded in a town with all the buildings locked and a character who is supposed to activate the next step in the quest won't open his dialouge box, so i need to load a 5 hour old save and avoid ever going back to that town. So save often, and run multiple back up saves so you don't end of losing hours of successful game play.Update #3: Got to the sandbox portion of the game, get frequent crashes. I tried, I really did. But i'm done. Spare yourself this game"
76561197999053910,Recommended,223330,27061446,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ava10z,"Best sailing RPG out there. Definitely best valued at such price.CONS:-Graphics are old-Land fighting mechanics are clunky and outdated although have considerable depth to choice of weapons which could be used.-The quests are buggy-Sea battle AI is weak-Many crashes, thus save often.PROS:-Very immersive sea battles (there is a setting to make them realistic or arcady).-In depth ship sailing characteristics, although could be made more realistic for more immersion.-Dynamic trade system. Hard at first but gets very profitable eventually.-Free world with unlimited generated side quests with hero reputation system.-Crew and world interaction based on the reputation system.-The game doesn't hold your hand thus quite challenging. New players should play on normal difficulty.I definitely recommend it!"
,Recommended,223330,33202018,Posted: 3 July,all,Lightningchicken,"This game is hard and buggy, the fighting system is grindy and needs improving. But the overall experience is the best pirate game on the market and honestly the closest thing that I want from any game ever. One day, one day a non buggy super nerdy age of sail game will come out where like here you can sail around the carribean and make your fortune. And it will have plots, and tides, and celestial navigation.Sea dogs goes against the grain of arcady childish pirate games, what makes it great is it does it's own thing... with blackjack and hookers."
76561197979576787,Recommended,223330,21750079,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,felix the cat,"First some most usefull hints for newplayers :Check the keys config first, tutorial is weak on explaining those.R key : time acceleration x 2, press again to return to normal, cant be key-mapped so dont override.+ / - : time acceleration/decceleration (up to 8 on sea mode, 3 on land, 2.5 on map, and down to 0.5 everywhere), cant be key-mapped. Decceleration is usefull for hard sword fights.Fencing mode to feint : SHIFT key (default) + LMB = group attack, + MMB : feint + counterattack, + RMB = feint, can be key-mapped in config.Normal attack mode : LMB : slash, MMB : heavy attack, RMB : pierceSPACE : block (default mapping)E : draw/hide weapon (default mapping)Q : fire pistol (default mapping)Enter : action menu key (some people completly miss it to open worldmap when in sea mode ie), use arrow keys to navigate within action menu, left/right for choice of actions, up/down to select ships (when on sea mode).F2 : all purpose game menus (like the inventory menu -> items)on world map TAB : free camera map scrolling------- pirate game- open world- deep background- hundreds of hours of quests- great variety of ships, weapons- skill based, rpg like- exploring, privateering, pirating, trading, crafting, upgrading, escorting, boarding, looting, stealing, plundering towns, flag sneaking and much more...-----Having played all title from Seadogs licence since the first one in 2000 (enjoyed all exept AOP1), this one is probably the best.This is THE pirate game if you want to experience deep adventures, ships and sword fights.Graphics havent changed much, but the background is there, atmosphere is great and it is what matters.Much more stability, less crash, less bugs, that is already a lot compared to previous titles! The game runs very smoothly. In 100+h i experienced a dozen CTD only.A lot of changes compared to Age of Pirate 2, no more skillbooks, but now you have amulets that give temporary bonus. And there is a new crafting system.Also ship rank requirements have been revised, but you will still need to work your way in navigation before you can afford those huge deck guns.In general the ergonomy of the game is much better, a new key for looting corpse, no more crew following and blocking you everywhere on deck when it is cleared from ennemies, new muskets and carbine...After a long wait the game is now in english, sometime very poorly translated and you cant understand anything, but devs are improving this with every patch.For newcomers i strongly suggest to read the community forum here since the game has no manual, and many features and commands arent shown in tutorial or cant be keymapped (like time acceleration). The game can be frustrating if you never experienced Seadogs, but once you master all its tricks (fencing mode...) it is a very enjoyable game and will bring you hundreds of hours of fun."
,Recommended,223330,24724591,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Shutup868,"Heads up, this review is LONG. There will be a TL;DR at the bottom.This game is a gem, covered in a pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥ If you've read negative reviews for the game I hate to say that most of them are very much accurate. This game is very unwieldy, hard to learn, harder to master, and really doesn't teach you anything. The closest this game has to a tutorial is essentially a few hours of being stuck on one island doing small quests to make enough money to buy a small ship. Unfortunately, this means you likely won't know if you want to keep the game or not until after the refund period has passed.So before I go on, you need to be absolutely sure you want the game before you buy it, because you won't be able to refund it.Now that that is out of the way, I want to address all the things I love about this game:It is, for the most part, a sandbox game very similar to that of Mount & Blade. You can do what you want and do it over a big area (the entire West Indies). There is a ""main"" quest, but you could completely ignore it if you didn't want to do it, as you'll still witness almost all the game has to offer without it. However, there are certain events and areas you'll miss if you skip the main quest, so you should get to it eventually.As for the actual gameplay, it is phenomenal. I love Assassin's Creed IV: Black Flag for its amazing naval combat, and I can honestly say this game does it better. The naval fights are very action-packed and intense, bigger ships have more cannons that deal more damage and fire farther, you have different ammunition to choose from, and you can even get into large battles at the sea. Furthermore, if you choose to board instead of sinking a ship outright, you've got even more fighting in store. I can only praise the naval combat, I really can't think of anything wrong with it.The regular combat is a bit different, especially since there is no tutorial to actually teach you how to swing your sword (unless I missed it or something). It is not nearly as straightforward as the naval combat, and if you don't know what you're doing, you'll easily die to the first enemy you encounter. However it is very fun and intense, and some fights can go on for quite a while depending on how strong your opponent is along with healing items. You won't just be cutting through enemies like you would be in Mount & Blade, each fight can easily end with a sword through your chest and a man marking your grave.On to the more guided sections of the game, there are a plethora of quests you can take on to fill your coffers when you aren't strong enough to go raiding fleets for gold and silver cargo. Most quests consist of you seeking out a specific ship or some gang of bandits, but many quests are much deeper, especially once you get into the main questline. A lot of effort was clearly put into these quests to make fun and engaging gameplay, and there are really only a few quests I haven't liked. I'm sure I haven't even done all of them yet in 120 hours of gameplay.As for getting strong enough to take on these flotillas bearing gold and silver, you start out as a weak, inexperienced man who is merely a virgin to Caribbean life. This game uses a dynamic levelling system, where your skills get better as you use them, rather than just increasing whenever you level up. You must improve your skills if you want to get anywhere, as when you start out you'll barely be able to take on the smallest of ships and weakest of dueling opponents.There are lots of other things to do, but I feel I've covered all my bases for the sake of this review. Now on to the negatives:To start off, the game is Russian, and this is an English translation of it, and sometimes that translation is really bad. The quests I haven't liked have been quests I flat out couldn't understand due to terrible translation, and I've even come across some segments of dialogue that are still in Russian.Speaking of quests, you HAVE to pay attention to dialogue. A lot of times your character will simply omit important information in the quest journal, so if you weren't paying attention you could easily get stuck and end up failing the quest. This is especially true with the main questline, so make sure you are paying attention to the dialogue.While I have been praising this game for the gameplay, I need to further emphasize how unwieldy the game is and how it completely fails to teach you the mechanics of the gameplay going in. You are very much alone in figuring out how to play, so I recommend you check out guides for the game. I myself have been frequenting the forums to find out a lot of things that the game should really be explaining. This is a dealbreaker for a lot of people, and that is something I can perfectly understand. If you aren't willing to take the time to learn how to play the game, then this game is definitely not worth the purchase.Along with the unwieldy controls and lack of tutorial, this game is very unforgiving. If you die, you are dead, and you better have saved recently. I highly recommend to keep as many saves as possible, and NEVER overwrite a save file. If you get into a really tight spot and you don't have an earlier save you can revert to, you'll likely have to end up starting over. Which means you have to go through the awful, hours long ""tutorial"" again.I understand that the negative aspects of the game seem to outweigh the positive ones, and that's where a lot of the negative reviews for this game come from, but I have to say the opposite is true. This has quickly become one of my favorite games, but when I started out I was extremely frustrated with it. All I can really say is give the game time. If you are planning on buying this game you can't expect to be able to get a refund, once you get it you're in for the long haul.TL;DR: This game is like eating at an excessively fancy restaurant. The menu is confusing and you have to wait a long time for your food to show up, but once it does you've got a 5-star meal. The game is really fun if you can just figure it out and really get into it."
,Recommended,223330,22619439,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Shamitoxx,"This is one of the best and hardest games to play so far. The game is so big you feel you have to play it everyday to finish your goals. As I said the, game is really REALLY hard when it comes to complete quests and finish the objectives. It requires a lot of patience and it can be completely frustrating. The stories are amazing, and it has a lot of dialoges giving you the ambience of being a pirate. Finally, the joy of boarding other ships, plunder treasures, kill soldiers, pirates and travel all over the caribbean is priceless. I recommend this game, but only for those who really like challenges."
76561198158950578,Recommended,223330,26817106,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Dr. StrangeVlad,"So, this is just ""thanking and wishing good luck"" review. I really liked the original series of Sea Dogs from Akella and it was really sad for me that there was no any games from this series. But this game is definetely following the spirit of Sea Dogs and continuing it's traditions. If you read this review, guys, thank you and good luck, make it even better than now.Suum Cuique.P.S. Please, fix those f*cking bugs with achievements. I know, you're trying, but it's so... Ah."
76561198037792644,Recommended,223330,30365195,Posted: 6 March,all,Arclinon,"This game is a rollercoster, at first it is slow but feels very realistc and immersive. You start with trying to get your brother out of prison then you got to make some money and learn the game. The mechanics and combat are great, dialogues are one of the best i have seen in a while and this is in comparison to witcher 3 and things like that. Sea battles feel real and cannons feel impactful.HOWEVER at the start you will feel like you are being ganked constantly by high level players and have to run away from everything. By the time you figure out what you can cannot attack you will spend a while. Tutorial is bare minimum and i learned by literally fighting 4 indians in a corridor. The combat on land is complex but it immersive when you get the hang of it. About 50-100 hours in you become the ganker, less because you are high level but you know what the stats are.This game is oldschool, no in game maps, no objective markers but you need to read dialogue and read your quest log. I loved that. However a lot of things are left out and for many quests you need a walkthrough. Most quests have time limits that you are not told outright. ( start of pirate saga)  AND an overarching time limit on main quest. If you want to be able to do the story you need to spend at least a year in game for a later one and even then you make it barely. The developers should have been more lenient with mainline story quest. Ask a basic question: ""What do you think the player is going to do when you wipe out 40 hours of progress ? Reload and be a little sad? You would be wrong. Some of them really need a walkthrough otherwise you get stuck and run out of time. In the end left with very little however still somewhat rewarded so it did not make me quit.What almost makes me want to quit was the fact that there was no end game. Yes, when you get the top ship and strongest armada, you cannot capture towns, you cannot build things up its same old same old. As such i simply do not think spending 15 hours to learn a game that has no end game is a bit pointless. It will get a no (read edit) from me but it has insane potential and i can see lots of work gone into it.THE GOOD: Gameplay, Writing. Story, potential nympho companion that hits harder than Davy Jones.The BAD: No End game, Time limit on mainstory that does not make much sense even in context, Story that jumps around (1 month you are raising money next thing you know there is magic idols and black magic)Edit: I would recommend this to those who like to suffer and i am sure devs read this and are working on it, these flaws are fixable so just for the potential that this can be fixed changes my vote to positive, lets hope they do not dissapoint. DLC with a city management instead of only sacking would be wonderful."
76561198112981059,Recommended,223330,21054879,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,choglit,"This is as close to a real Pirate game as you can buy.Its a slow burning game where you need to make money, buy new ships,trade and fight and so much more.A must have game which is now in English.....happy days. But there is a game crashing problem at the moment which needs to be fixed."
76561197984515506,Recommended,223330,26608139,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,C.C.C.P,"Absolute best friggin game about pirates ever, period. Challenging, capturing, vurtially limitless. If older (yet still very decent looking, sea battles especially) graphics do not put you off, if you're looking for a spectacular storyline with twists and turns, and rum is your favorite drink - buy it.Arrrrrrgh."
,Recommended,223330,13766149,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Kasoi,"It looks outdated, but if you can ignore the looks, you will be rewarded. This one is most deep privateer\trader RPGs out there, you can do whatever you want, but nothing will come easy.It's quite alright there to wipe a Gold fleet alone then sink all the loot when caught in the storm right in port bay."
76561197983452955,Recommended,223330,22869010,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,ELMO,"I was hating on this game until I started to think like a Russian and found some really great play guides on Youtube. I admit I have been challenged by this piece of work. I almost gave up on it once or twice.  Nothing comes easy, you got to work for it m8ty. After about 40 hours of play I rule the seas in my little ship or I run like hell from it.  If your an old Sid Myers Pirates Gold person from the early years just after the earths crust cooled this is your game baby!  I'm in Pirate bliss but I don't fire this title up unless I have an hour or more to burn. Rememebr to save, frequently! Your going to be in a smaller ship with a smaller crew than you desire. You really got to earn it with this title. Fail to resist the temptation and you will be broke, crew less and ready to give up. Терпение страны"
76561198010363497,Recommended,223330,21014873,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,SeaDog,It is in English!!!!!! I just started the game so will update my review later.Update:The game is a little drawn out and could have less bla bla bla and more action. I really do not like the timed quests that say you have to be at a place by this time... I think I am not the only one that thinks this is dumb! the sword fighting could use some work it feels like i'm playing the org Sea Dogs almost. I think it is time for this company to put some real money into this game and update the graphics and the remove the unending NPC talking.
,Recommended,223330,17413930,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,kuki4,"At first I wanted to write a negative review, but hen I changed my mindI do not want to say what this game is bad, game is perfect (almost). Dont buy this game because the developers is asshоles. I'll tell you why.I played in Pirates Odyssey almost 150 hours, all be fine, I skilled my character to the max level, done all the side quests, has got a beautiful frigate ""Fortune"", almost done the plotline, just a couple of quests and game is over, but...One a quiet summer night I I went to the game and I see this♥♥♥♥♥♥ all my save`s has been crashed, ALL! ALL SAVES!!!WTF?!It`s because this f*uckung idiots failed with save system!It's not the only problemGame allways crashed and off, achievements system made in china, if you want get achievement you must summon spirits dancing with a tambourine or wait change game days (00:00 in game), and do not bring Lucifer if you die or quit the game before game time has be comes to midnight, otherwise you must load early save if you want get achievement.No English, graphics old, animation is terrible, sound boring, and other, and other, and other.But still game is amazing, gameplay is incredible, a large number of generated quests with different versions of passage, side quest`s interesting and it has different ways to perform, the plot is worthy of creating a film on it, sea battles bewitching.This game have all what need a real pirates - sea battles, land battles, treasure, a variety of weapons, ships and items, craft, and the most important thing - BLACKJACK AND HOOKERS, and other interesting things,Pirates Odyssey: To Each His Own - it`s the best game game about pirates ever!RECOMMENDED 10/10Akella sell the rights to development Pirates Odyssey any normal company (Deep Silver, Bethesda), they will create a masterpiece"
76561198251680420,Recommended,223330,34078800,Posted: 7 August,all,Mehrdad,"Lets Start With this:I Love Pirate Games and Played Whole Games from this companyFact is:1- This Game Having Lots and Lots of fun and chain quests with some challenge.2-You have Great Land battle(pistol/Fences with 6x move and counter them,its need tactic to watch enemy and do counter)3-Like Old Games of company, its Rerally Good Ship battle, Broke the sail. Kill crew. and REAL Fight Bording(SO FUN)4-Trading , one of my best fun in game..Get MONEY then Invest Banks=MORE Money:D  Getting rich its FUN5-world map travel its not much good but atleast you can see whats going one completly6-Graphic its not good BUT lets be Honest there is not much pirate games7-Learning and Tutorial.. You Found NOTHING in game BUT There is NICE people GUIDE.8-Oh i Love Raze Cities and destroy those BIG Forts As PirateAt the endIf you Like pirate Game and Not much care about Graphic , you will be feel the True RaaWWRRRHave Fun pirate"
76561198067453122,Recommended,223330,22784999,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Yervil,"Ok I'm gonna be honest: This game is really rough around the edges and can sometimes be quite frustrating. I've spent immeasurable hours playing Pirates of the Carribean (basically sea dogs 2) and I still needed to check the guides in the forum and on pirates ahoy to get my head around some of the basic controls and to understand what to look for in quests.However, once you get through all that, it's a really rewarding experience. Sure they've recycled the lighthouse from POTC and sure the translation is sometimes abysmal and the graphics are pretty much the same as in POTC (a 2003 game), however that is to be expected from a £13 game.The quests don't guide you as much as you'd like but this is what makes the game even more rewarding for me. Combat is unforgiving and if you haven't saved in a while you WILL regret it. Think of it like dark souls in that manner but simpler, without the gore and you create the checkpoints. This does mean that you might have to revert to multiple previous checkpoints depending how much you messed up. The tutorial is quite long and not as descriptive as a tutorial should be, definitely something that needs to be patched.Other than that, once you get through those snags, the carribean is your oyster. All those (albeit copy/paste) reviews here on steam still tell the truth. This is a really good game if you like the whole pirate/RPG genre, the fact that I have played 45.9 hours in one week is quite indicative. I wholeheartedly recommend it for the price, would pay £30 if it were decently translated and had a better tutorial, would pay £50 if they also included graphics that were 2008-2010 standard (of course without sacrificing smoothness of play)."
76561198023783427,Recommended,223330,28168576,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,donnchadn,I really like the game but not having a game manual can really be a set back.  Although the graphics are older the game is fun and addictive to play......Just one more encounter as you look at the clock and it is after 12 bells.  The only truely frustrating part is being new to the series and not having a manual it makes it a steep learning curve.  For example for the life of me I cannot seem to change out the cannon on a ship or replace those I have blow to the heavens overheating in the middle of a battle.  A simple manual for key commands would be great.
76561198039297072,Not Recommended,223330,32521509,Posted: 17 June,all,andrej,"While the atmosphere of this game is totally awesome like the other sea dog titels too, their are so many points that lead me to the conclusion that i cant recommend this game.-many quests are buggt, and they are not fullfilable because a person that you need will not appear, or a ship that you have to destroy in 12 days will not appear, a quest giver will not appear at all etc.-timequests: the whole game is based on timelimits, most every quest in the game has a timelimit, of for example 12 days to destroy this particular ship etc. this is not a problem, but still it sucks expecially if the random selected location where you have to go is on the other side of the carribean so that you have to rush to it, just to see, that you did it all for nothing because you cant complete the quest (see point 1)BUT! also the mainquest(!) has timelimits. which means if you dont fullfill to get for example so much money in a small amound of time...you fail the whole game and has to restart it (and to play the 4h tutorial again...yay!)And their are timequests where you have to transport a certain amount of goods to a location...where the whole time is so strongly limited, that even if you sail directly to the location but are a bit unlucky with the winddirection...you fail...as long you dont cheat yourself to the location (you can manually sail from island to island what takes way lesser time then traveling on the map like it is anticipated to travel between islands...but while it takes only a few days while traveling on the map would take you two weeks, you will spend 30-90 minutes even with the highest speeding up of the time. while nothing happens at all. Thx for this great and fun to play trick we can use if we are unlucky with the wind my dear developer. It really enchanced our game experience a lot!Also their are the obious buggs: the movement of the NPC´s is horrible and they often stuck into each other because they  cant find a way around the other person, sometimes if you board a ship you have 2 times the man of the enemy ship and win easly...and sometimes while the situation is exactly the same in terms of manpower, you have no chance to win the boarding. this type of errors, but they are excusable, and old engine and so on. But the 2 major funkillers i have written before, are unacceptable (also its strange that in the predecessor game their where not these problems) and they destroy every positive feeling you get from this game. Because while the 2nd game (pirates of the carribean) was awesome since you could do what you want, when you want and slowly getting the most powerfull fleet of the ocean, in this game you will be constantly rushed from point A to point B. No feeling of freedom, not truely doing things your own way. Its like a CEO job, where you get fired if you dont fullfill your quote of the month. So thx, i  have already enough anger about the real life ""time-based missions"" so i can truely abstain from a game where the only thing i have to care is the timeproblem."
76561197978832149,Recommended,223330,22785610,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,flinteryk,"This game has its ups and downs but over all its a good game, if you ever played age of priates II then youve basiclly played this as they are almost identical other than the story.The game does crash about once an hour which is easly combated by saving often before leaving a city and when you get to a city during combat if its going well and so on.ive seen a few complaints from people not knowing how to make any money in the game, and its easy heres how, go south west from the starting port till you hit port royal sail around in curcles till pirates or spanish ships come to attack you. retreat to port royal and let them attack you. once the battle opens they are sitting right next to port royals fort which is nice enough to destroy them, or better yet decrew them in which case board and cap or sink. if the fort does sink the ships collect all floating cargo. then go sell in town your cargo as port royal almost everything is an import and the stuff that isnt is usually illegal or just every day goods you need for your ship. if the goods are illgal even better find a smuggler to sell your goods to. save before this. sell to them and presto some ships can net you 200k profit depending on the cargo. right now im using a war sloop to fight and to take cargo as some times capping a war gally even decrewed can be hard since the captian can kill you one hit at low levels.the voices in the game are kind of annoying so i generally turn them off and listen to music instead. the AI is dumb as all hell and easy to out manuver or if you have lots of gun powder just drive in a stright line dropping mines for the clueless ai to constantly drive over till they sink. expensive but effective, killed a war gally with a sloop doing so, granted i used 3k gun powder.over all id give the game a 7/10 due to crashes and poor voice acting and dumb ai. but other than that a great game."
,Recommended,223330,21086076,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Kiivi,So much fun to play. Play with your heart and you'll get rewarded.
76561198112565594,Recommended,223330,34175813,Posted: 11 August,all,Sergeant Johnson,"i 'kind of' recommend this game.Sea Dogs 2 was better. ♥♥♥♥ anyone who praises To Each His Own, they havent played the real Sea Dogs.This is basically like a modified version of Sea Dogs 2, they added alot of things but also made alot of things worse and not much have improved.The voice acting is so crappy youll be tired of hearing any audio from characters after playing the game for a while, its a broken russian accent of English.The only reason to buy this game is because Sea Dogs 2/Pirates of the Caribbean is not on Steam."
76561198070976935,Recommended,223330,30253396,Posted: 28 February,all,Mr Dutch,"This game isnt easy to get into. It isnt easy to understand or play at the start. However once you slog through a few hours and get the basics get out of the tutorial and experience the gameplay for what it is you will love this game. I would absolutely recommend this game to anyone who played any of the sea dogs games or anyone who loves sandbox/naval games. The more I play this game the more I see the brilliance behind it, the storyline is well written and to employ it successfully into a sandbox game like they have is worthy of praise. If you buy this game I cannot express strongly enough to use online guides/walkthroughs players have put together, without them you may get frustrated and miss out on a wonderful game that brought me back to my childhood in the days of original sea dogs."
76561198021475232,Recommended,223330,3363409,"Posted: 1 August, 2013",all,Ragmund,"""Корсары: Каждому Своё!"" - та самая игра, которую мы ждали (но так и не дождались) в далеком 2005-ом году. Несмотря на устаревший движок и примитивную графику, игра заслуживает внимания хотя бы за сюжет, связывающий предыдущие части ""Корсаров"" в единую историю. Интересные задания, развилки (!!!) сюжета, традиционный для серии юмор. Прекрасная игра, единственный недостаток которой состоит в том, что она ""опоздала"" на восемь лет."
,Recommended,223330,28288224,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,sirLiesalot,"The game of my youthhood. Memories, memories, memories...I still remember the days I was trying to run away from oxbay with my lugger without finding myself in a shipbattle with pirates. Looting each house over and over again to collect maximum amount of money before leaving and repair my ship, replenish stocks and so. And finally one summer I succeeded to finish the game, ""Pirates of The Caribbean: The Curse of The Black Pearl"". Of course after tons of tries.And now this game came up from nowhere to bright the dark nights of our living, monitors brightness lightening the room of sea dogs addicteds each nightFor the new players I recommend merchandising in this game too. Smuggling if you are brave enough, But I didn't like new smuggling system to be honest.Still waiting for new patch on english. Hope it comes as early as possible.Edit; Grammar mistakes"
76561198041079973,Recommended,223330,22847294,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,RedKnight,A great improvment on the original Sea Dogs with updated combat (fighting both crew and the captian/with items now woot). Lots of stuff you can do on land and at sea.I have 39 plus hours and enjoyed the last everything but the first 3 hours.  I'll explian. The tutorial is F$#K#@! tedious. Look up the guides in the disscussions and save often as they are time senstive. It's a little mind numbing to be running aruond town just saving up money for three hours before you actually hit the open sea. I think the devs wanted to stress you can do a lot in town as well as on the open sea but dang that was rough.5/7 Recommeded.
,Recommended,223330,34644218,Posted: 31 August,all,Sinjide,"Best pirate game ever.Incredibly challenging, but worth the try."
,Recommended,223330,33686552,Posted: 20 July,all,Raise The Black,"After reading all these reviews, i'm not understanding where people are coming from. The game is extremely hard, yeah. And it takes awhile to get up in levels and get better ships and people and so on. However it's a thrill, and the challenge makes it fun. Also has you yelling at the computer screen a couple times because you forgot to save and the spanish fleet sinks you.... I'm not understanding where people are finding things buggy, infact, at all. I've not encountered a single bug in almost 10 hours of play. Some faulty glitches like the water coming onto your sloop, even being uneffective to the damage.All in all, it's a great game with lots of ships, lots of rewards, lots of quest, lots of missions, lots of things to do period. But it is a challenge, it's not like Black Flag where you're an elite warrior. You have to train your skills from the start.100% worth $15. Will continue to play for days to come.EDIT:After 100 hours, I have crashed maybe 5 times. It runs exceptionally well.However - I do agree with everybody - you need to save often!"
76561198074349690,Recommended,223330,8222367,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Arcanum,Just a great game
,Recommended,223330,21009999,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,teh_beard,I`d buy it twice if I could.
,Recommended,223330,21181119,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Tonkinese,holy hell the best series for this genre is finally on steam and the latest entry is finally in english!an absolute must buy for fans of the series no excuses.
76561198118497489,Recommended,223330,24663752,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,ErickdeRivia,"I... love these game series... but at the same time I feel frustrated by the ammount of problems these games have.SD: TEHO - In my opinion it feels like an improvement from previous games like AoP2 and PotC. But it still have some bugs that ruin the experience for example. In this game it is essential that you save and load a lot, but whats the point if your save file is gonna get corrupt for saving in the same place? I'm a person that likes to have only one savegame but I have to be saving on diferent places and it feels like a mess to me.I liked the tutorial to be honest, I felt everything was explained to me well. Some things I feel should be explained to the player later, for example ship ammunition, and stuff like that was explained to me when I didnt even have a ship.The story so far is very very good, I really felt how hard life in the caribean can be. The music, the improved enviroments, ships, options, alchemy? cool!! new design! everything looks old but awesome!! like a pirates game should be!I really believe these series has a lot of potential just like mount and blade Warband, but is not going to improve if the developers dont work harder on it, for example the marketing side. they have to make their games known!! how many Pirates RPG games are out there? not many!! And this game has a loooot of potential!!Bugs Fixing!! And game balancing. Black Mark studios your games have some bugs and it is normal in a game to have some, but please try to make them minimal. And also be more forgiving. New comers may not enjoy the game if it is still hard on easy difficulty.I higly recommend this game! I love it as much as I do with Age of Pirtes 2, But be aware that the game is diffcult. Prepare a lot at the begining. dont waste money so easily, get a lot of Exp, and... Make the missions one at a time so you can understand the game better.It is a great game! Seriously! but hard.4/5"
76561198007328941,Recommended,223330,22952764,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,hastatus,"It took me about 30 to 60 hours to understand and finally start having fun and overall control in/of the game.It also took me that long to discover that the space bar also picks up items and opens containers.Would I recommend?If you enjoy spending hours to figure something out (and succeed, therefore gaining great satisfaction) then you may consider buying the game.It is like climbing a mountain. Very steep mountain. But once you get there... possibilities open."
,Recommended,223330,25502301,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,UndefeatedOfTheEast,"Same engine as POTC. If Played POTC (Sea dogs with POTC name) then know that game is the same with updated graphic of like 2010, also game is literally using same areas and sound effects/similar system. Nostalgic as helll"
,Recommended,223330,22210237,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Nerivon,"OK, below you'll find my original review, in which I pan this game's opening tutorial (which after 9 hours I hadn't managed to complete. )NOW, I have completed it, NOW I am playing the actual game, and NOW I'm having fun.so... for this reason I am providing a new review, but I own my mistakes/history and I have kept the previous negative review below to illustrate that I'm fully aware of my own over-reaction.The game is Sea Dogs, just as it was, just as it basically should be, once you get to the open world.I went back a day later after filing the review below, calmed down, opened up the Guide in the Steam Community and went through it step by step doing NOTHING but what I was told to do, in the order the guide layed out, and low and behold, I was able to complete the tutorial. My earlier 9.1 hour fail was the result of me trying to find a way to just ""not do"" the tutorial, or to figure it out on my own. Let me be clear, I still feel that this is extremely poor for a game developer of any level, to make their tutorial like this. My earlier frustration still applies, SAVE BEFORE YOU DO ANYTHING,... EVERY ... DARN... TIME... PERIOD.. because if you don't during the tutorial it is VERY possible to lose the quest, and then you're done, and have to start over.After getting to the open world, it was a breath of fresh air, though still very difficult to climb out of the starter ship (Lugger). I'm enjoying myself now and a whole series of new frustrations but for the most part these are negligable. The game is worth it, you just have to surrender a couple hours at the start to do the manditory tutorial using a walkthru and resist the urge to do anything else until it's done.-----The single most frustrating and completely pointless ""tutorial"" ever. Basically if you don't do everything they want you to perfectly, you cannot play the rest of the game. The tutorial is REQUIRED, you MUST complete it or the world does not ""unlock"". Oh, and by the way, you pretty much ""have to"" follow a guide, the instructions provided in game are really easy to miss, not detailed in any way and its' really easy to get lost or mess up a quest. THere's no reset there's no pity.SAVE BEFORE AND AFTER EVERYTHING YOU DO.I mean everything.I've got hours into this game... HOURS... trying to follow the guides...I'm done. It was a waste of money. The people who love this game will call me all kinds of names but... I don't play games so that I can spend all my time googling why's and how's and wtf's   I play games to have fun. The fun in this game is locked behind a difficulty wall. I'm not going to waste any more time trying to get there.For those of you considering purchasing this, if you're into games that are difficult because of their obscurity and it's kind of a rite of passage to acheive things... then great, this is for you.If you're into games where you get to sail a ship and be a pirate... and you actually want to ""do"" that on the first night you play this game... guess what... this game is not for you. Don't spend the money."
76561198335843494,Recommended,223330,26621283,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,spbg81,I was crazy and addicted to Age of Pirates. There are differences. Some stuff is better done in Sea Dogs. A lot of stuff is also better in the Age of Pirates.But if you loved the one. You will love the other!
76561198120205060,Recommended,223330,22538127,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,um_k,"This is a RPG sandbox game about Caribbean pirates. It has a good, long main quest and several additional ones, which entangle you in local political intrigues and take many hours to complete. Also this missions allow you to put your hands on some neat unique ships and equipment.However, we all know, that people play games like this to do pirate stuff: robbing sea trade caravans and burning colonies, searching for pirate treasures, boarding ships, killing people in scores, drinking, gambling and spending money, that you fairly stole from others. And the game allows you to do all of this.Also you can trade in colonial goods, deposit your money, defend traders and colinies, do some missions for island governors, deliver food for some shipwrecked scum (srsly wtf), even play as Caribbean Uber driver.. I mean Uber captain. But honestly, who does that in a game about pirates?Before conclusion - several positives and negatives about the game:pros: you can marry a redhead tomboy cutlass-wielding pirate beauty, who loves you above everything in the world and constantly wants you to bang her.cons: she isn't real and you realize you (most likely) never find anyone like her irl. Also it gets a bit annoying after she drags you into hired room to have sex with her every time you visit a tavern.Also game is kinda buggy, crashes from time to time and quest log sometimes is very cryptic, so you'll probably need help to complete them quests.Conclusion:10/10 if you don't mind outdated graphics, occasional poor quest design and protagonist's wife's nymphomaniac tendencies."
76561197979402731,Recommended,223330,21379680,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Zatio,"Been playing this game for hours and i have yet to be able to leave the starter island.And yes i do have a boat, it just seems that it take hours in game to move , no idea how the rest of the game is but for now this is a very bad first impression.The quests are suprisingly hard to find and do, forced to reload many times and look up walkthroughs on the forum for guidance as the game it self offers zero help unless you go through the trouble of taking screenshots of the dialog.The combat so far is alright, was a bit hard to get into at first and tho i fail at understanding parry i have been able to block attacks in melee.The game drops you on your♥♥♥♥♥in town, only suggestion on what to do is to ask some one about your brother.I have found two ways of getting to the brother , one ask the wrong person and lose everything or ask the right person and wait a day.Most people will claim its a great game because there is no hand holding but there is a difference between a glowing arrow pointing you in the direction for your quest and directions from the quest location to the quest target.Update1:So thanks to the steam forum i manage to raise the funds required to have a ship with crew and supplies, as we set sail from port while listening to some epic music a pirate ship appears!We get ready to fight as the music plays on and on..and on..and..on and..well tho this ship is bigger then the tutorial ship the god dam speed is the same of drift wood.So after sailing at 0.1 speed twords the pirates for 6 dam minutes my fighting spirit dies down fast.The ship looks nice if nothing else...Left the starter island and decided to not recommend the game.Here is why, ship speed.If you have something to do while traveling or multiple monitores then its duable to play.Speed or rather the wind decides where you are able to go as if you for instance, like me are trying to go to the quest target after getting your own ship will be unable to head North as the speed drops when the wind is twords the west.And depending on where you are that speed could be anything from 0.1 - 3.0 at worst times.It some times helps to try and leave a island from a different spot.Update2:I did a wild guess out of frusteration and wow..with this great discovery all i can say is that this game is starting to feel playable again :)So after spending a hour or two trying to finish a cursed sailing trip back to my brother on the tutorial island i randomly pushed a key while on the map and found out to my great surprise that my ship moved!!!I had thought that map was for overview only but apperently you can use it to quickly go from island to island as well as to find other ships.This new discovery pretty much eliminates my only reason to not recommend this game.So i can only say that i can defintly recommend this game even tho the quest system is a little old fashion based.Most people should get the hang of it, i just wish the tutorial actually explained how to play."
76561198031329673,Recommended,223330,24555662,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,SultanOfSwing,"Ok, I have to mention it early : I was really into the previous title, Age of pirates 2 : city of abandoned ships. I spent hours on it. This game is based on the same engine, with the same gameplay which I already mastered, so I was not stopped by its inherent difficulty. For all the good time spent on AOP, I felt compelled to share a review on this game :spoiler alert, it is better, and it is a jolly good game overall.Yes, it has a really steep learning curve ; but the (very) long tutorial and main quests are really more informative than the previous title.If you take the time to read and to note certain names on a piece of paper, you will easily prevail in understanding the basics of the game.n°1 flaw : Yet... understanding the basics of the game is not enough. Even with that, you will die. Die from your choices. Die from a stupid mistake in battle. Losing is not a bad thing, but the game is unbalanced (land combat mostly) and not flexible at all in that regard. It's notsid meir's pirates!losing is dying. No prison. You will not be marooned. You will not be rescued.It's a shame, because you have to save and reload more times than I can count, I would rather live a real adventure and having some ways to deal with the consequences of my defeat...1) But this series is unique, and this is the most complete opus : a good pirate simulation, the hardcore one. It's a really engaging rpg in the style ofMount and blade warband, you sail through the caribbean on a global map from port to port, you trade, you can sail for one nation, you can be a pirate, a smuggler, explore islands for treasure or derelict... You have lots of possibilities, lots of random generated mini quests,you always find something to do.2) The sailing is sloooow, but you can speed time. It's probably one of the most realistic sailing and naval fighting experience, even if the controls are arcadey. You have strategic options, you can give orders to your fleet. It in as unforgiving as the rest, but very rewarding when you master it.3) You have a real crew, you have to take care of it and your officers. You won't do anything by yourself. It's very good at managing a ship and making you feel like a captain.4) The storilyne is there and compelling enough for this type of game, it gives a good sense of purpose.Well... This series was released at a time when pirate games were out of fashion. It has long been the only option for this quite realistic experience. It is clumsy, assembled with glue and nails on top of it, but it is reallyrich and passionnate. Now, things are moving, we have better productions coming. But it is still dear to my heart. and for the price, I suggest you give it a try!"
,Recommended,223330,27973426,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Vadim Cool,"This has been my favorite Pirate series since 2003 the Pirates of the Caribbean game developed by Akella and originally known as Sea Dogs. Now that's the kind of game Disney should have kept on working! This is the kind of game that Sid Meier should have imagined! The best Pirates game when it comes to strategy, arcade, adventure and simulation genres. It is now a bit outdated and then Age of Pirates was another attemt at making a graphically awesome comeback which they suceeeded in my opinion. But that came at a cost of having to deal with a bunch of bugs due to the development of a new engine and the lack of funding. So that resulted in the leftovers for the modding community. And this version of the game is just one of the examples what came out of it. Maybe this is a dying series just like Mount & Blade version of the Caribbean which now known as Blood & Gold: Caribbean!But I really hope that just like with the new version of Mount & Blade II: Bannerlord on it's way hopefully this year. I hope the same way this game one day will be picked back up again and become the greatest Caribbean adventure ever made! Till then I'm personally looking forward to something less great, but still fun and that game is called Sea of Thiefs, hopefully will be released in 2017"
,Recommended,223330,1245828,"Posted: 10 December, 2012",all,Hidden Inside,"this is how the game should have been in 2002-2005. simply amazing, though a bit too hard for those unexpericenced i guess."
76561198056955089,Recommended,223330,23591421,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Kulizma,good game. not for casuals
76561197967777612,Recommended,223330,29704775,Posted: 4 February,all,Exsoit,"One of my favorite pirate titles. I originally got the game Pirates of the Carribean for the xbox, which has almost nothing to do with the movies, and thought it was a buggy heap of bizarre russian translation. But then after playing it for a bit, I found out that it was a decent pirate game that plays like a third person adventure of Sid Meir's Pirates.Over the years, the translations have gotten better, the possibilities and content keeps slowly increasing, same with quests and quest variation. The game has become much more playable. It does take a bit of google searching certain quests for clarification as a heads up.The game still has a few bugs where I have ctd, and a few annoying game design choices. An example, collect all the amulets in the game early and go out of the way to check for indian traders outside town. At one point deep into the game you are going to have a 1 year time limit and the quest will randomly choose 3 of those 24 amulets to go fetch about 6 months into that time limit. Also the game doesn't autosave except before boarding a ship and only if you have that option selected. So this game can be a harsh lesson in patience or a new found diligence to manual saving.I see a lot of people complain that the beginning is too hard. But just remember this. If you are being chased by a ton of pirates on the world map. Let them catch you. Then just use the battle phase to run away and shoot some knipples. Chances are you are going to be way faster than them and now you get cannon and accuracy experience. Those crappy shots you take do count toward your experience and it is all about accumulation for when you move up to a class 4 ship."
,Recommended,223330,28944153,Posted: 2 January,all,AleXandrYuZ,The Tutorial/introduction is the worst thing ever. After that I'm really enjoying it :)
76561198032763579,Not Recommended,223330,25008753,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Narrelama,"First off; let me just say it is NOT NECESSARY TO GET ARRESTED AND LOOSE ALL STUFF AT THE BEGINNING.This game would be a great game of piracy, and/or mercantilism - whatever would be your cup of tea. While it has a certain degree of railroading, it is also possible to play it sandbox and just sail around being a jolly roger in search of bounty and glory.There's just a few things that irritates and one thing that makes the game near unplayable.Let me just first underline that the sea battles, while a challenge, are well executed, give an air of realism, and that you actually can sail around the world in first or third person view - rather than reverting to a map mode.And that despite now being more than 10 years old the graphics still hold up, and it is in my opinion the nicest open-world pirate game available (Next to Sid Meyer's Pirate Gold - not the 2004 edit, the 90s ones - and I need not say that the graphics of those games have not aged well..). There was a time when I would just set my ship to sail along the coast, and have the game run in the background while I did stuff IRL.Also - you not only hire a crew - you have a range of specialists - which is cool. This is a feature in other pirate games as well, but they are mostly third person strategic affairs - which this is not.Also, rare in our time, the game is a challenge. No quest markers, you actually need to take notes - morrowind style, and this is a concious choice made by the developers. Which I find a nice change from the incredible hand-holding of Bethesda and their ilk. !This and that quest marker in your ♥♥♥♥ing face! However, this could be better executed, and choosing to have rhetorics as a character specialty is a waste of your real-life energy.Which brings me to the negatives:The game is developed by russians, the translation is so-so, which makes for some interesting and usually incredibly rude dialogue. These dialogues are usually also just with 2 options. Some insulting line, or an opt-out - also usually an insult. This I can take, we are pirates after all.Worse are the controls. You'd better select fencing as a speciality, because that is a nightmare. These horrible keys also affect the sea battles, but not so adversely. The range of actions are at the same time quite extensive, which is streneous. There is way to train your fighting skills, only through actual fighting, which can of course provoke the guards of the area, which will get you killed. This is the only game which I would consider selecting the easiest option, or even cheating. It is extremely unforgiving.The game lacks a tutorial - but there are some online. They also suffer from bad translation and individualized experience of those who wrote them, so use them IN COMBINATION, with a critical eye. I also suspect certain quests need to be executed in a certain order, or you will not gain access to other quests - which can break your save (at the start of the game). I was fortunate in this regard, but there were 2 quests I was never offered because the order in which I talked to certain people. So be very aware (especially because of the abscence of quest markers). Also, note that it is NOT NECESSARY TO GET ARRESTED AND LOOSE ALL STUFF AT THE BEGINNING. Just be patient and ask around.There is no built-in edit capability, although a fix has been made. Also there are no mods for this game as far as I am aware. While the graphics hold, the selection of ship types are sufficient, I imagine some would love to mod clothes, armor and generally stuff. This would be exceptionally hard.Finally, and what I consider a game-breaker is the way the game starts. A tutorial of sorts I guess, but it is incredibly lengthy (took me a day first time, and the tutorial walk-throughs are essential for this), and it ends up in a scene where I have to face down 2 pirates that both have more health, more strength and better fencing skills than me, and they can also fire their guns. So you can imagine how well that turns out.. So I haven't made it off the island.How do I know the sea battles are nice, how can I know that sailing into the sunset is a beautiful experience in this game? Once I had a ripped edition of this game, where the entire island was cut out of the game. Yeah - why do I have to suffer through it? Why did the game designers make the game this way?So if you consider yourself A REAL ♥♥♥♥ING HARDCORE SEADOG, then you are welcome to try it, and pass the island, and you will be rewarded by a great game. But you may save yourself some time and convert the game files to be cheat compatible, 'cause you can't get past the pirates. It is impossible."
76561198052900345,Recommended,223330,30302060,Posted: 3 March,all,Hunter5275,"If you are looking for an authentic-feeling pirate game, this is, from what I can tell, the closest you can get. It may be a bit hard, but it is AMAZING. I highly recommend it."
76561198009719147,Recommended,223330,23113337,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,CSA FD,"The Caleuche and The Final Lesson, dont even show up in the ""extra content"", it starts over again as if the game just came out. i love the game, but the storyline absolutely sucks! without a trainer it's almost impossible to do. as well as get the Navigator and save the Indian later on unless you have tons of cash. The Sailing, land fighting, sea battles are great as well as the ship designs and the merchant trinkets you can buy, but the ""alchemy"" lists and other things like that are rediculous and finding the ""tool box"" is a waste of time to find until you get to justice island. Also the pistol/ammo is stupid with some handguns (that blow up after only 2 or 3 shots), officers dont stay very long even if you pay them."
,Recommended,223330,30250453,Posted: 28 February,all,Madilla111,"Really love this game so far. I used to play Akellas sea dogs series a lot, I am really glad to see this on steam. The game is extremely hard at the beginning I have died countless times. The game does crash at times so save A LOT. The game is getting easier as I levle up and get used to the fighting. I would highly reccomend this game to anyone who enjoyed the sea dogs series."
76561198016488565,Recommended,223330,29656325,Posted: 2 February,all,Revenge,"This game follows the tradition of classical pirate games like the Sea Dogs (2000), Pirates of the Caribbean (2003), Age of Pirates: City of Abandoned Ships (2007) etc. its the only game on market in this genre atm.It has lots of bugs, outdated graphics, bad translation (hope it'll be fixed soon), but still funny as hell if you are into this genre like me..."
76561197989471745,Recommended,223330,20869617,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Che,Corsair! Its a nice game. With outdated graphics. With awesome plot and hardcore gameplay. Don Pedro Sangre approves!
76561198160787402,Recommended,223330,30002655,Posted: 17 February,all,Androski Petrenov,Pretty good. The game is pretty hard and complicated. It would be kinda cool if the developers added a free roam where the whole map is unlocked and all you have to do is thrive and do side quests here and there. The main story is difficult to follow  and overall the game is confusing for new players. But anyone can get the hang of it. The community is small so you wont be able to find good guides of the game that are in english and not russian.
76561197986540316,Recommended,223330,26227854,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,cizalladura,"If you manage to  do the first quests that give you access to open world, it becomes the best pirates open world game ever! Awesome phisics and reallistic sailing for ships! Infinite posibilities to play as merchant, pirate, corsair, explorer, thief..."
76561198153543185,Recommended,223330,30478208,Posted: 12 March,all,ShepardCommander,I love this game!! it is sort of a nostalgic factor for me as it reminds me of Age of Pirates and the like.  it is really fun sailing but can be a bit tedious at times but it is fine.  the devs have tried their hardest getting this game updated for modern things and that makes me happy.
76561198008782952,Recommended,223330,26319061,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,zimmer550,Very buggy. Still best sea fighting game for me.
,Recommended,223330,20155220,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,What else Mata,"9 бутылок рома из 10Йо-хо-хоOne of the best games about pirates.You want freeplay and a lot of different ships? - done.You want to go for a big adventure? - done.You want to be  like  Edward ""Blackbeard"" Thatch, capture ship? , kill people? slave them and sell? be the most famous pirate of Caribbean Sea?  - doneOr maybe you want to be merchant and make a fortune by trading, have a fleet of big galleons and become the richest? - doneOr want to search for treasures, feel the adventure, explore mystical and frightening places? - done.Sword-fighting and developing your character with perks? - doneEverything you wanted to be in a game about pirates is here.Cons:A bit old graphics but after a while it doesn't matter. Ship battles are one of the best.Quest may be difficult to follow and understand. If you are not using any guides you should probably write som thing down for real to not to forget them in the future and don;t miss something that will be crucial in the future.Fighting is a bit odd but when you will learn how it works it will be much easier to play.Advice:Make savegames a lot (and in different slots) because if you stuck you can easily replay from previous save.This game will take your nerves like girlfriend spends your money but in the end you will be satisfied and happy ))So 9 bottles of rum out of 10andFifteen men on a dead man's chestYo ho ho and a bottle of rum"
,Recommended,223330,28719179,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Begginfokillz,this game is like mount and blade warband: garbage graqphics but great gameplay.
76561198059283092,Recommended,223330,17938030,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,VERYKRUTOYPLAYERPRYAMAFROMAKAZKI,MUST HAVE 10 OUT OF 10 HARDCORE MODE ON IM STARTING TOO PLAY RIGHT ♥♥♥♥ING NOW. srsly this game is awesome.
76561198042485718,Recommended,223330,35092286,Posted: 20 September,all,ZJbroski,"Here is a tip... when you are setting up your character, press the right mouse button on the page and it explains what the subject dose."
76561197984836420,Recommended,223330,27086226,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Savie de Fortequ,Yo-ho-ho and a bottle of rum
76561198056842425,Recommended,223330,32667608,Posted: 22 June,all,Bratbag007,Fantastic overallFew big issue need improvementFighting combat blockingand Sailing needs to be increaseBountys issue
,Recommended,223330,25956245,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Sufcman,"I've read into this game, so it's a fan made version. I've played Pirates of the Caribbean (Sea Dogs 2) extensively and a bit of Sea Dogs 1. I never played Age of Pirates. This game is quite strange to be honest - the jungles on the first island (haven't worked out how to get off yet!) are like replicas of the Douwesen and Oxbay jungles from POTC. The text is FAR FAR FAR too small to read, and there's too much of it for me to be arsed to read it. That's the biggest downfall. But I do like it. There's a lot of pointless swearing in it, which is hilarious. At one point you get told ""you'll turn into a worthless pile of crap"" which made me laugh. The game is translated from Russian so there's some bits that don't make sense or have bad grammar/spelling (Just like POTC!!!).I recommend this game ONLY because of the nostalgia from POTC - it is very similar to that game. Otherwise I would think it's crap to be honest. POTC is better purely because you get on your ship quicker and it actually looks like you're blocking when you do. On this game you just move your arm a bit down and wave your sword around."
76561198137956818,Recommended,223330,29126998,Posted: 8 January,all,Gelas,"I'm glad that I can purchase this game now! It's a very good game! Yes, it has many lags and hasn't very good graphics. However, Sea Dogs is really interesting and funny! A storyline is very good. I really like gameplay and ship management.The game has so many little details in the gameplay that I really feel that I am a captain.This game is not for a casual player. Its hard, but very nice."
76561198052352616,Recommended,223330,5584478,"Posted: 18 April, 2013",all,koshelev1962,Лучшая игра в этой серии. The best game of this series
,Recommended,223330,23094739,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Mr Retro,"I see that there are a good amount of positive reviews for the game. I just cant understand why, I have tried to play this game and even over look the graphics but just cant seem to get the hang of completing the quests. For instance one quest has you buy a hooker and deliver to a nobleman at night between certain times. Well everytime I goto get the ♥♥♥♥♥ she is never there and there are no quest markers or anything like that to help you. Then I was supposed to fetch some wine for a guard and bring it back to him at certain time and its the same deal with the other quest being hes no where to be found. I really wish I could figure out how to play but I hate watching youtube videos just to figure out how to play."
76561198265681636,Recommended,223330,31210968,Posted: 17 April,all,F@dE A<0>M,love this game
76561197979830105,Not Recommended,223330,28620152,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Matt,"Interesting concept, but immensly frustrating in execution.  This doesn't have a learning curve, it has a learning cliff.The camera is semi-locked in an ackward position behind your back when you're on land, making melee fighing difficult to impossible. And you'll be on land for a while... the tutorial/intro takes hours. It throws a tons of info you don't need immediately at you (for the only time btw). and does it this almost entirely in dialog text that is poorly translated/localized.  These have little bearing on the reality of the games buggy combat engine.You'll be hoarding every peso, and grinding every quest, on the locked intro island to get your ship.  Then you'll need more money to get a crew and supplies. This will cost as much as the ship and there will be no money left to earn/steal.If you somehow get off that rock, you'll burn through most of your ship's ammo and crew in the intro naval fight as your ""seasoned' crew misses with 90+% of their shots.  This doesn't improve with range or practice.  Boarding is land combat on a ship set.Sailing is what I was looking for and this almost delivered here.  The sailing is true to the ideas of riding a wind, but the simple controls and slow pace that results leave you reaching immediately for the limited quick travel tools.Once you get to the open world you're broke, half dead, surrounded by overpowered enemies, and unable to run or fight your way out of anything.  The translations get worse and this ends up becoming unplayable."
,Not Recommended,223330,26110863,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,Krampus,"Not recommending this game breaks my heart.  I've been a fan of the series for over a decade but the inexperience of the team involved is painfully apparent.Takes everything great about the Sea Dogs series and turns it into a tedious grind for no other reason than padding out a weak narrative that gets jammed down your throat.  You could blame the poor writting on a terrible translation but when it's forced on you 80% of the first 10 hours of gameplay it cannot be ignored.... and the translation overall is pretty good so that just leaves terrrible writting.An 8 hour tutorial that you need an online guide for kind of kills the point of having a ""tutorial.""6-8 hours before you can even realize you messed something up either with game settings or stats.Easily the worst tutorial ever madeWill I stick with it?Sadly, yes.I've poured hundreds of hours into the series over the past decade but dread this being most peoples initiation into the series.Please don't buy it unless you have already have experience with the series AND are ready to have 10 hours of possibly the worst/most frustrating gaming experience of your life for what COULD be 100s of hours of pirate bliss.2/10 with the horrible tutorial and plot.9/10 if they allow you to bypass the plot without cheating or using a trainer."
76561198053830475,Not Recommended,223330,27351622,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Warriok,"Can a game sequel be worse than the original? It can, this is a good example.It`s bugged.-Quests are confusing and impossible to do without following a walkthrough.-Its really lacking in the Art department: The bad music, interface, loading screens, and stuff from russian culture keep you from getting absorbed by a cool, new pirates immersive experience, which is the point of an rpg. I mean, Monkey Island did way better with much less technology.-Following the quest journal is pointless.-Instead of using the combat improvements in AoP:CT, the awkward system from PotC returned!-I still don't understand why they won't let you create a character. And they go from bad to worse. Nat Hawke: Forgettably ok. Blaze: Hmmpf, ok. De Maure: Angry Christian Bale with a hipster moustache? You are really pushing it now. Blood: Geez, he looks like Sonic, man.I'd  rather play the repetitive, contentless AoP:CT."
76561198038551862,Not Recommended,223330,29454095,Posted: 23 January,all,prometheus,"This game has a great premice,  an rpg about pirates, but is so amazingly badly exicuted that it becomes almost impossible to actually play. the controls are bad. its buggy, often crashing for no reason. it looks bad, wich usially isn't a big deal for me, but here only makes an already bad game worse.the combat it so amazingly poor, with bad controlls and damage-sponge enemys, that it's almost impossible to win any fights at all at low levels. and speaking of levels, because fights are so hard to win you're not going to level up. at all. as of writing this review i had almost a full day (real time, 24 hours) in this game and only leveled up once.the quests are bad. they often limit them to about 2 weeks, and then make the player travel for 3 weeks to get to the destination. quests can be summed up as ""talk to the guy go to the other end of the map, talk to another guy and then come back""the translation is♥♥♥♥♥♥poor. I legit think it was done in google translate or some other program like that. for example, if you hear news your character will often say things like ""♥♥♥♥ you! thanks for the news""I wish i had spent the 10$ it took to buy this game on something- anything elsesmall edit: i originally started it on medium difficulty."
76561198009646113,Not Recommended,223330,33434950,Posted: 10 July,all,MonkeyGeneral,"I cannot recommend this game sadly. Although the game itself is okay, and it is great to see an attempted revival of Age of Pirates, the game itself just lacks something. Firstly it is a horrible buggy mess. Now, alot of the old age of pirates games were not exactly stable, but this game crashes quiet often and inconsistantly, leading to intense frustration. Secondly, the gameplay itself is frustrating as hell. I enjoy a challenge, and again the age of pirates games were always known for being somewhat difficult, but jesus christ this is ridiculous, there is a fine line between difficulty and just poor/sloppy mechanics, I think this game suffers from the former. If your new to Age of Pirates: stay away and see if you can pick of Age of Pirates 2 city of abondoned ships, an old game that was also kind of unstable, and quite diffcult, but still better then this. For veteran pirates it might be worth it, just be sure to save the game every 5 minutes!"
,Not Recommended,223330,28603716,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Absolut,"A 'tutorial' intro mission that takes 10+ hours - if you can figure out what to do without checking an online walkthrough. Graphics straight out of 2002. Pirate game without ships or combat (I guess you might get to that at hour 20). Just not fun or recommended. Going back to playing Windward and Pixel Piracy.I'm glad I got it on sale, I'm not glad that I didn't get a refund while I still had the chance."
,Not Recommended,223330,34846736,Posted: 9 September,all,ThrottleFox,"I would really like to recommend this game, but I cant. I try to enjoy it, and at times I do,So many little things about this game that irritate me, like not being able to find stupid quest item to start ""the caleuche"" DLC, yet its been years in game since i finished the quest needed in order to start it.NPCs being able to keep swinging their sword when out of stamina, NPCs sailing up wind twice as fast as I can and me not being able to hit crap with my cannons although my cannons skill is maxed yet they have pinpoin accuracy. Being chased by every pirate or enemy nation fleet that pops on screen, a fleet can consist of 2 to 6 ships from what I've seen. Some of these battles are unavoidable so you need to run if you are fast enough.Tryingto look got guides or goggling answers, seems near pointless. Some quests  like ""Dutch Gambit"" and the long and confusing(for first timers) tutorial have guides. I can find  little info on things here and there, but sometimes you simply can not find the answer at all. Prepair to reload a lot."
76561197991294406,Not Recommended,223330,33435046,Posted: 10 July,all,SRoFIN,"The game is too strict on its handling, gives no freedom to the player and forces them to play by the rules of the developer. They should not create flaws in their programming just to prevent people from acting on their own free will."
76561198054774273,Not Recommended,223330,25371844,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Talu,"This game has an amazing approach and idea, however it is anything, but developed. The game is full of bugs and glitches, the graphics are old and clunky which is not really a problem, however the game really doesn't even look pretty which could compensate for the issues. For example if you board a ship (which happenes automatically once you are in reach of an enemey vessle you board it, however if you drove straight into the vessle or even slightly touched it you will sink as soon as you win the boarding rendering all the fighting you did useless. Also some quests don't work due to bugs or glitches and again that all would not even be so bad because it is so much fun to fight sea battles, but all the game really gives you is sea battles and that is just not fun, I really hope they update it and fix it then it would be a must buy.I do not have a potato I do apologise :("
76561198087185167,Recommended,223330,29055372,Posted: 6 January,all,silbeers,How do I play this in English?
76561198015033486,Not Recommended,223330,24433823,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,docflamingo,"Garbage. I am a long-time fan of the series and a modder who worked on the Community Build for POTC (Sea Dogs 2) at Pirates Ahoy and was thrilled to see this game come out in English—I have never been more disappointed in a game. It is full of game-killing bugs—you can fail or refuse missions that simply end the progression of the story and you don’t even realize until many hours later, it is difficult to the point of utter absurdity for no reason and mainly due to extreme cheating for the AI, it is utterly out of balance, the translation into English is atrocious, and it is graphically inferior to the version that came out in 2005 on top of everything else. The tutorial is a joke--it tells you nothing--there is no map--missions often don't include the needed information to complete them, it goes on and on.  There is nothing to recommend this game what-so-ever. Steam shouldn’t even be selling it—this is a non-functioning piece of software.  It has potential but that's all it has and it's been out long enough now that it wouldn't be in this condition if it were ever going to reach it.  If you want a great game, and are still on Windows 8 or earlier, get a used copy of Pirates of the Caribbean, download the Community Build mod, and enjoy what this game SHOULD have been but is not and never will be anything like.  Sad, just plain sad."
76561198047531064,Not Recommended,223330,30442715,Posted: 11 March,all,tiriss,"I'm stuck in nowhere land.  This utterly piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥interface, and utterly terrible crappy Russian conversion, is engaging.  It's a fun trek through the privateer time.But it absolutely sucks.  They didn't spend any money converting anything to real English.  They also didn't spend any money actually getting basic sailing correct.Rather than make the game fun, no they make you save every time you land, and every time you do any transaction whatsoever because if you don't, you're down a rabbit hole that ends in failure.Yes, I abhorrently love the logistics and theme of the game, the execution is so bad, please stop sending these people money!  I'm now at a point where the game ALWAYS crashes trying to harpoon the guy in some silly quest in Cuba.Yes, I've patched everything I could think of, and resaved everything to new savegames.  But the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ and despicable over use of stereotypes and crappy game play is enough.There is no fix that I can see!  But if the developers are listening:Here's where it breaks:  When I fight the dude, with the harpoon, YOUR ♥♥♥♥ING OBNOXIOUS RATS CAUSE THE ENGINE.EXE TO CRASH BECAUSE THEY ATE SOME PIECE OF FOOD OR WEAPONS OR WINE IN MY SHIPS HOLD!  You clearly have some sort of memory leak or exception you're not handling!I've tried from my save point about 10 times, and EVERY time the rats eat something on my ship, the ENGINE.EXE crashes."
76561198006892193,Not Recommended,223330,26365549,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Scarface,"Unless you speak russian aviod this like the rest of the western world avoided communism. All kidding aside... the english in this game IS broken as **** therefore it is game breaking and the mechanics are terrible. Naval action and Sidmeyers are way better investments. Really, this is a waste of money unless your into the brief nostalgia trip to 2003 POTC game. Even then its still a waste."
76561198031754961,Not Recommended,223330,32115142,Posted: 1 June,all,eandn,"Very awkward game to play. Control of the character is difficult. No manuel, can't figure out even how to get a quest. Played 2.5 hrs and just gave up. I'd  like to get my money back....."
,Not Recommended,223330,32117436,Posted: 1 June,all,Overlord,"Do not buy this game.Screw up the tutorial, you lose.Bugged quest occasionally.Awful. A lot of the negative reviews already say the same things I would say."
,Not Recommended,223330,22525511,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Dicky_Joseph,"I would like to preface this by saying that I am a sea dogs fan.However, I expected the game to be a little more polished honestly, based on all of the reviews. For those that read this, understand that the game is poorly translated from russian, and is by no-means 100% accurate. I want you to imagine that the devs put all of the game's dialogue into google translate, and maybe that will prepare you for the difficulties ahead.If you played Sea Dogs 2/ Pirates of the Caribbean, the 2003 game published by bethesda, don't expect the same level of quality from this. That is the mistake I made. I understand that for 15 dollars, it is a good game, However, this is far slower than the originals and more difficult, so make your decision wisely.I'd give this a 4.5/10, if 10 was the aforementioned game."
76561198084920059,Not Recommended,223330,24803393,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,maurea.harawira,"This game is♥♥♥♥♥♥ too many bugs and crashes, no tutorial, and hard as ♥♥♥♥ missions for little reward.DO NOT WASTE YOUR MONEY ON THIS GAME"
,Not Recommended,223330,22798835,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,The Archduke of Hell,"Sea Dogs: To Each His Own, a game of pirates and adventure! And steep learning-curves and frustration! I was originally going to give this game a positive review, but after much consideration I cannot bring myself to; This game is not something anyone can pick up and enjoy, no it is quite the opposite. You have to already know how to play an Akella Corsair game to get any enjoyment out of Sea Dogs: TEHO. Though I personally enjoy it, there isn't much good I can say about it.---------------------------------------------Exploration: By far the biggest draw factor for me. Even after playing it's predeccessor for 1000 hours+, I still find exploring in this game series to be rather exciting, even if at times it is somewhat repetitive.Naval Combat: In my original review of SD:TEHO, I complained at length about the combat. There is still a lot of negative things to be said about the naval combat in this game, but when a battle goes right, my good god does it go right; With that said, I must point out that the difficulty sways from ridiculously easy to ludicrously difficult, to outright impossible to win and lose. The problem with naval combat lies not so much with the A.I, but rather the weather and damage systems. Weather plays a massive role in this game, as it often decides the outcome of most battles, on a good day a sloop can take on a frigate and the adjacent lugger, on a bad day you'd be lucky if you can even move close enough to fire at them, due to there being no wind, or the wind blowing in the opposite direction, leaving everyone's ships dead in the water. In regards to damage: Most of the time your ship's cannons won't do any damage, and their cannons destroy your sails and crew whilst miraculously doing no damage to your hull, and when that happens in most cases the only way to ""lose"" or ""win"" is to reload your last autosave or pray they board you.Roleplaying: Where as in previous installments it was possible to roleplay as a pirate, or a officer serving one of main powers in the Caribbean, however in this game it is no longer the case. You play the role of a rogueish French nobleman in a relatively linear narrative with very few choices throughout the story, not much is offered for roleplaying, however with that said the story in of itself is fairly good. I hope that in the foreseeable future this may be rectified.Learning Curve: Like I said at the beginning: You need to know how to play a game from the Corsair franchise to even begin playing this game. Keep a guide and a map of the Caribbean handy, otherwise you'll be dead in the water, not knowing where anything is, what to do or how to make it off of the first island.Quests: There is very little variety in quests, a lot of your time will be wasted by doing fetch and escort missions to earn money.---------------------------------------------By all means buy this game *if* you are a fan of previous Corsair games like AoP2, but to new players that are interested in acquiring this game: Do not buy it. Spare yourself the headaches and tears and buy Age of Pirates 2: City of Abandoned Ships from Good Old Games, far superior and easier to get into and enjoy."
76561198339503016,Not Recommended,223330,28977400,Posted: 3 January,all,jamestingler2004,It wasnt worth it. Its glitchy & the first part always glitched out and I had to start a new game. Dont get it.
76561198020318937,Not Recommended,223330,23484033,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Chazsi,"Cannot recommend this game.  VERY VERY repetitive and boring after a short while.Finding the quests is not as clearly intuitive as it should be in my opinion.If you miss a quest... you are screwed.  If you want to progress, you'll have to reload a save.  Better hope you saved at the right point.While sailing at open sea, I'm surrounded by 5 pirate fleets.  No way to avoid them?  I'm out gunned and out manned.  Cannot run away.Reload.  Now at sea I avoid the pirates only to have a lone pirate ship over take me from half a world away.  I beat him and loot his ship.  Only to have time expire on my current mission and now I'm a Pariah and cannot land in any port.Reload.  Avoid all pirates and head straight for the goal as fast as I can.  Still get there late.  I'm now an enemy of the state and cannot enter any port.Reload.  No.  After 18 hours and still being lead around by tutorial missions to ""teach me"" the game.  I've had enough.Final comment.  The steam link to a manual for this game does NOT have a manual.  It takes you to a steam store page on the internet not the steam site.  Been that way for years apparently.  When I contacted them about it, they recommended I contact the game developer.This game is a total and complete rip off.  Very disappointing.I'm off to buy AC4Cheers!"
76561198093047638,Not Recommended,223330,35053508,Posted: 18 September,all,defuniakspringsks,"could not get anywhere with this game, could not even finish tutorial sequences, items not there, out of  sequence, could not get the ship to move out of the harbor, can;t fight, level one, game sucks, waste of money"
76561198037435321,Not Recommended,223330,21733267,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,gdtimmy,"I was hoping to play a Pirate Game, instead I am playing a Death game. Seeing as I can't draw a Weapon (even in the weapon tutorial) or even Open a SIMPLE inventory (Open Inventory Keybind seems to be MISSSING from the Keyboard layout)....Gonna have to say, running around until someone becomes aggressive and starts attacking me (while me being unable to defend/run away/draw a weapon (Yes I have a Sword, Harpoon, Pistol W/amm, A knife, when I visit a trader)....Worst design of the fundamentals of gameplay ever. I am normally anti-bad review when it comes to issues like this, but I am fairly upset."
76561197976052300,Not Recommended,223330,21912755,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Grimlock,"This is my 1st ever game review. This game has frustrated me so much. All the hallmarks of a great game but frustration at every point. Ridiculous long tutorial which you have to go through at the start, and this will happen unless you save very regularly. No manual. Poorly defined goals. When you die you have to go through 4+ screens to reload. I've just done this 10 times trying to fight some indians. Pressing E (draws your sword) by accident can cause people to attack, you die, you reload. Ug. I haven't even see a ship and i've played for 5 hours."
76561197984863971,Not Recommended,223330,23708123,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Sinui,"I was really excited when I found this...now I'm just fustrated and bored by it.I was a massive fan of the first Sea Dogs way back when - and sort of ejoyed the 'sequal' Pirates of the Carribean.Unfortunately I was really hoping this was a 'return to form' and would have the best of SeaDogs and POTC... (which is some respects it does) but unfortunately its just so close to broken in gameplay elements its almost impressive.I had to dig through about 4 FAQs to get out of the tutorial island and even then it was SO precise that if you missed this job offer or the other then you might get stuck on the island. Indeed - because I didn't complete some particular mission it wouldn't let me ""go to map"" and sail in the open world, which would be fine...except it didn't explain any of that.- A russian ""google translated"" FAQ on how to complete the tutorial island did.After using CheatEngine and more FAQs to break free of the tyranical tutorial (because 4 restarts is enough thanks)...I'm finding the game still to be finicky. I cant find a spyglass (I opted to miss the starting one), combat is too slow at sea (though the boarding is alright - wont deny that), working out how to reload my pistol took WAY too long and another online FAQ.All in all it still needs work for it to be 'fun'. Currently feels like a dodgy pirate 'sim' that expects you to know what to do without explaining why or how you should do it. Great shame.So after 11 hours of getting stuck and restarting the tutorial, I have failed to become a pirate king. And for once - I dont think its my fault.Off to play DarkSouls I think - seems fitting."
76561198059423801,Not Recommended,223330,23138557,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Matthaius,"I tried to like this game, I really did. It looked liked a good successor of AoP2:CoAS.The problem is, that the game is too unbalanced. You work hard just to get a weak 5th class ship and for what?? To be constantly harrassed by 4th, 3rd and 2nd class pirate ships?? That just isn't fun.... Oh and the skill progression is so slow that even my dead grandmother is faster than that. AoP2 was full of bugs, yes... but it still was fun and a lot more playable than this. For example, I always got plenty of quest from governors, always something else, but completable. But here??? I get always the same naval missions everywhere, and it really sucks because with that good for nothing lugger I can't finish the quest!! So I'm very sorry, but I don't recommend this game, unless you are patient, and willing to invest hundreds of hours to get something decent."
76561198080536918,Not Recommended,223330,32260717,Posted: 7 June,all,Lucas,Waste of my money buggy as all hell
,Not Recommended,223330,32151428,Posted: 3 June,all,El Presidente,"1. Save problems. You can`t quicksave, quickload or overwrite saves. If you try - Be prepared for crashes and / or corrupted saves.2. Very bad graphics. Textures are very low-quality. Considering that original release date is 2012, according to wikipedia.3. Minor bugs.4. Camera position isn't fixed.5. Even minor mod can cause bugs in this game.Do you know that this game use DX8? DX8...in 2012...No wonder that recent reviews are ""Mostly Negative"".Cash grab.Refunded."
76561198081918029,Not Recommended,223330,34690358,Posted: 2 September,all,Lana,"Yes, I've only played for 33 minutes, but was and still am a big fan of Age of Pirates.This game is, so far, worse.  It feels the same as the last game, the controls are still just as clunky, and the interface is worse.  The game forces you into a storyline, as opposed to just setting you free, like the previously mentioned title.  I've been in the game 33 minutes and I haven't even seen a single ship.I have faith that I will, eventually, get a ship, and have all kinds of not-as-buggy fun, and I will change this review when that happens, but for right now, I'm not having fun.  (Is there a mod that removes the introduction?)"
,Not Recommended,223330,29009016,Posted: 4 January,all,ADMIRAL AWESOME,No english translation even thoug they promised it until end of december 2016.
76561198006736389,Not Recommended,223330,25575017,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,johnni777,This is a RPG adventure set in 1565 and the graphics are made at that time you mostly have no clue what to do in this game no tooltips or anything to help you out which is quite annoying sure there is a short tutorial but it doesnt help you much and together with bad graphics makes this game so offputtingly i can NOT recommend it
76561198254358943,Not Recommended,223330,34985523,Posted: 15 September,all,iwojima1945,"This game is garbage, ruins everything that was great about age of pirates, just buy that instead."
76561198115243223,Not Recommended,223330,22826259,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Hákon Hagensson,I have tried to love this game..but i freakin cant...this game totally hates you....one freakin little mistake and your are gone....the hate is mutual in this one...
76561198047977879,Not Recommended,223330,23728044,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,SugarSkullz50,"After reading a lot of the negative reviews I come to notice that most have had the same issues.   Normally I would give a game more time and see if it improves but because of Steam's genius 2 hour play time max for refunds I cut this short in hopes to get one.  I would have rathered this game have a sandbox option and not even bother with this storyline that I really don't give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about.  The tutorial is just terrible and it seems like the game just leaves you on an island to fend for yourself learning the key aspects of the game.  Make a tutorial as you go with help menus as things become new.  Games that put tutorials as missions have to be really careful because a lot of times it sucks.  Unfortunately the randomness of this game can make your tutorial experience be a game breaking one in which as soon as you get off the island your jumped by pirates that are much more equiped and better then you.  With a lot of it being based on luck.  This is all early game of course and honestly if its THIS bad then I would rather not drag this out.  First impressions is what makes or breaks games.If your thinking that this game is like Pirates of the Carribean the one released by Bethesda, its not... Not even close.  Seems like the same engine but it just isn't.  That game was a lot more balanced and well fun.  This game is just a frustrating mess."
76561198070519120,Not Recommended,223330,28084734,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,^1[^7$^1M^7G^1] ^7J^1A^7K^1E,♥♥♥♥that played 10h now and havent even been to sea once .. this is aids ... no seriously
,Not Recommended,223330,21237040,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,High Power,"Even though the game couldnt get past the main menu I would still like to post a review of my thoughts on this hidden gem.Sea Dogs: To Each His Own is a smart, sprawling sequel that wisely places an emphasis on freedom and fun. BlackMark Studio take on the Golden Age of Piracy begins in 1715, and is presented with a much-appreciated lighter tone that isn’t afraid to make fun of itself in the name of an entertaining journey.Sailing across the massive expanse of The Caribbean, exploring gorgeous and unique islands, and getting yourself into all sorts of swashbuckling trouble provide some of the most rewarding and memorable stretches of gameplay I’ve experienced all year.Even after putting in well over 50 hours with the Xbox 360, Xbox One, Wii U, PC, PlayStation 3, and PlayStation 4 versions, I’m still discovering new islands to explore.No matter which console you decide to play Sea Dogs: To Each His Own on, you can rest easy knowing that it’s one of the best looking games of 2016. The current-gen versions build upon the gorgeous unity engine by showcasing well-lit, tropical locales and the amazing water effects on the open seas. And on next gen, the experience is even more impressive thanks to minimal loading and maximum draw distances that seem to go on for miles.The way the camera zooms out when your ship reaches its maximum speed, the speakers bombard you with the sounds of the wind, and the sunset turns blood-orange, is simply amazing. The PS4 and Xbox One versions are nearly identical,Which in turn means there both♥♥♥♥♥♥compaired to the PC version.The amazing world of Sea Dogs: To Each His Own has kept me gladly occupied for longer than any other game in the series, even though its story isn’t the strongest. At no point in my dozens of hours was I ever at a loss for something to do. Simply sailing wherever the wind takes me and seeing what sort of trouble I can get into is a complete joy.Beyond the underwhelming main campaign, Sea Dogs: To Each His Own delivers a world brimming with gorgeous places to go, amazing secrets to discover, and nefarious pirates to stab.All and all the game would be an amazing experience to have on steam if I could get past the main menu. 11/2 Do not buy this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198041508995,Not Recommended,223330,33567588,Posted: 15 July,all,Senshi,Not recommended
,Not Recommended,223330,12558623,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Scout,Overcomplicated.
76561198008218694,Not Recommended,223330,32022505,Posted: 28 May,all,bewest169,SUCKS
76561198031597791,Not Recommended,223330,32677815,Posted: 23 June,all,=💥SC00P💥=,Et vigilum est fortis..
