user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,223410,12545695,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Puciek,"This game, even back in 2010 was severly underdeveloped and not ready for the market. 4 Years ahead - not much has changed, and it still is years of active development away from being a playable experience.As a new player you will be forced into a world which doesn't deliver on the promise - there is no open market, everything is ran inside of the large, and veteran corporations who have more than enogh resources to run for years without any otuside mining help. If you will try to earn some money by running missions, you will be stuck in a loop of 1-3 of them that will repeat themselves over, and over and over. Without slightest bit of variation.The traveling in this game is awful, it is very long, tedious, and will consume vast majority of your gameplay. And on top of that, it doesn't benefit you much to be at this time in front of your screen as speed-ups are rare and sparce, and autipilot tends to use most of them anywa. So most of your experience while trying to play this game will be spend... playing another game, or watching youtube. Or doing any pleasruable activity.So do yourself a favor, spend your money elsewhere, this isn't worth the AA pricetag, especially for such small and undedeveloped game. For gods sake, it also becomes unplayable if you have high-dpi display, since fonts are of fixed size, designed to look good at 1024x768 resolution. And there is no way to supersize them."
76561198041761401,Recommended,223410,12731401,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,null,"I genuinely like this game.  My standards are not your standards.  All I ask is you do your research.  This game does not reveal itself in your first pass.  6000+ hours and I am still learning.BackgroundPerpetuum is an indie, sci-fi, sandbox mmo, with target-to-shoot combat with cover/Line-of-sight obstacles, 3rd person WASD piloting (with auto-pilot outside of combat).  Player-driven market, player-run organizations (corps), open and closed pvp zones to accommodate all play styles, hardcore/casual.  No griefing, no crime/punishment system.DisclaimerThis is not Mechwarrior.  This is not an FPS.  This is not a AAA subscription MMO by a big publisher.  This is an indie developer team, that loves their work, and want to share it with others, and for a very affordable price.  And its Not pay-to-win.I think most negative reviews can be summed up with expectations for a game it clearly wasn't but research was not done.TL;DRDo your research!  There are screenshots and videos on steam to watch.  Check them out!Noteworthy updates since this hit Steam in 2014Skill progression is Activity AND Time based.  Seepatch notes11 new bots still being released! SeeblogAssignment system update:patch notesI'd list all these as Pros, in addition to the fact this demonstrates a consistent pace of new content development.ProsPrice (cheap, no sub!)Combat systemIndustry and resource gatheringPlayer-driven marketSkill-point system (Time and Activity-based)Gamma (player built bases and terraforming)Risk:rewardDetailsCombat:  All combat involves line of sight or ballistic pathing for weapons to reach their target.  In addition, plant life, buildings, and other obstacles act as cover when this intersects the weapon's path upon firing.  Terrain elevation, slope, and obstacles also can block shots.  Having the high-ground actually matters in this game!  And I've certainly seen it change the tide of a battle, for and against!There are other anti-blob mechanics that are unique to perpetuum.  Interference, and bot explosion damage on death (beta/gamma only).Resource gathering: Gathering, or the acquisition of raw material, comes in a number of flavours.  Ore mining, liquid mining, plant harvesting, artifact hunting.  This gives indy players a number of different activities with more or less risk:reward and activity:reward.  Liquid ores can be mined mostly afk, but they are cheap as a result.  Rare ores are on beta/gamma but this comes with risk.  Look at guides and videos for more!Industry: Complex, eve like, but the analogy doesn't get you very far.  Research unlocks the ability to prototype, prototypes are made and consumed to make CT's, CT's can be install in a factory and run until its rating decays to 0.  No BPO's, everything is perishable in this process, and that keeps the economy churning.  A high skill investment to do well, but there are many guides on how to get started even as a new player.For the skill point system, outside of the new change to it, I would say having a cache of 'points' that you can accumulate without limit and invest in skills whenever is a much better system than a training queue or skills that require you to do that same activity to get better at it.  This way skilling is more flexible and gives new players a chance to learn and research it before investing!ConsDated graphicsInflexible UISmall communityGraphics:  With a custom, homegrown, ""the-way-your-grandma-used-to-make-it"" game engine might be a great experience for a software engineering team, it also means features it doesn't have might be hard to implement and add.  It's something devs have expressed interest in updating, but it falls behind many other things.UI:  The ui is also the artifact of a custom game-engine with a rigidly implemented ui component.  For example, the text size is fixed to pixel size.  This means high res displays might render text too small to read.  I recommend running the game at 1080 even if your rig is capable of higher...Small Community:  Now enter the cyclical argument of ""I won't play a game because no one else plays it"".  This plagues all small MMOs.  The game world is also small, but some people just need numbers before it registers for them.  If this is you: don't bother.  If you look at this as an opportunity however, this world is free to be shaped.  It takes very few to make very big changes."
,Recommended,223410,13553605,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Blaze,"This is mostly EVE, with robots instead spaceships, no monthly fees, player driven market, skills development with time...If you enjoy EVE, or can't afford it... this is you only alternative for EVE Online  without monthly fees"
,Recommended,223410,16572539,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Ristle,"Long time EVE player who took notice over this game due to Steam recommending it after binging hard in New Eden, and reading about how it plays similar to EVE, only with mechs as opposed to space ships. What I found was a playable game, but one that makes EVE the clearer choice for those who can afford the monthly sub.First order of business is that Perptuum is only Early Access as a Steam title. It has existed since late 2010, and as such, will be reviewed fully on the merit of what it has presented to me during my brief playtime, with its four and a half years worth of content.Good+ DEV Zoom seems to mingle with the players quite often, both on the forums, as well as ingame. Most games have the developers stay just out of reach of players, but this game always has this one team member accessible for a good portion of the day by day, which I applaud for a show of passion.+ Newbie Island is a thing here in Perp. I'm going to list this also as a con later on, since I feel the training section is a bit mishandled, but they place new accounts in a ""training simulation"" which is basically a confined zone of modest size, where you start with all skills at halfway, and they force you to progress through all manners of content, to allow the player to become familiar with how it works. You can skill up as you wish here, with no harm done to your account once you leave this area, so it allows players a chance to tinker and get a feel of the skill system, as well as how it impacts elements of the gameplay, which I personally feel EVE fails at outside of a cold lockout for new players that join New Eden.+ The game overhauled its mission system to be far more accessible, which as a new player, I found as a great boon. While EVE would try to sugarcoat their quests with flavor text and other vanity, Perp has reworked their system to be more streamlined, allowing players to focus on their personal interests such as mining / combat, go out into the world and accomplish the goal, and return to a mission terminal in record time to collect their reward.Bad- Horrible UI. In EVE, you have your toolbar that you can move around as you wish from side to side, yet in Perp, it is always at the top of the screen. You can move the various HUD elements around as you wish, but you cannot resize beyond certain points.- Unable to change resoulution. Due to some wonky design choices from the dev team, the screensize is either locked to your full resolution, or a screen size befitting 2004. When you go to a larger resolution, it merely pins items spread out, but does not adjust the font sizing on these items, as one of the devs stated in the game that their engine treats the UI as 3D elements or something or the other, and that is why the dev team cannot readily make changes to the endless barrage of players requesting this feature to be overhauled.- Lack of shortcuts. Again with EVE, you have your toolbar and it lists various keyboard shortcuts for you to utilize to access any element, as well as even having the option to close all screen clutter with CTRL + ALT + W.Perp? Next to nothing seems to flow the same as you would expect coming from EVE, and your toolbar does not say what any of these hotkeys are. You have to dig deep into the options to find them on your own accord, and it just should not be this way. Information is ammunition, so having it all readily available at your fingertips is somthing that should have readily been copied from EVE's toolbar, not merely left to an options menu. This style of gameplay is the type where more info = better, and taking excess time to click icons manually or assigning things serves to merely drag the experience onward, instead of propelling the player through aspects of the game.- Training is pretty bad. Compared to EVE's approach of Aura acting as a questline agent to advance you through various elements of training you desire, Perpetuum forces you to advance through all the training before you are allowed into the ""real"" game. On average, this takes about two hours or so for most players advance through, which is both a blessing and a curse. It is a harsh reminder of just how complex EVE and Perp are in their game systems, but EVE allows players the chance to completely skip the training and take a ""feel it out"" approach, while Perp does not allow this freedom. Making an alt to play the game differently? Too bad, hope you like getting stuck doing training.- Overly convoluted gathering system. To gather in EVE, you merely need skill training for the tech, and of course a mining laser / gas harvester. With additional training, you can have mining crystals for certain loadouts to increase your mining yield.Gathering in Perp? Oh boy, you better get ready to yell at how needlessly involved they have crafted it by comparison. First, you need to equip a mining attachment, or a gathering attachment. From there, you need ammo per cycle, and it gets more aggrivating with mining. Gathering has a universal ammo that you can obtain rather cheap, mining is nowhere near as easy on the user.To mine, you need your scanner setup with two ammo types. One is a ""range finder"", the other shows you the density of an area after you've played Marco Polo with the system and wasted enough ammo charges to find the location on the map of where items are set. From here, you need the right mining ammo charges set to mine it. Looking for something low class like Titanium? You need specific Titanium charges to mine it. They can ONLY be used to mine Titanium. This means that if you're not mining for a mission, but rather for yourself, you must waste precious cargo space with various ammo types, which might not be an issue anyways, as you need specific scanner ammos to seek out any mining.In EVE terms, this would mean having to equip a scanner with Veldspar locator ammo to find the location of a belt, then using another type of Veldspar scanner ammo to actually be able to lock onto it, then you need to cycle your ammo if you have not done so to equip Veldspar mining ammo, so you can actually mine it. This is very horrible design in my opinion, and does not add depth to the game, only tedium to an already arguably tedious playstyle.- Launcher is unoptimized garbage. A recent update that overhauled the mission structure was implemented with a 1.6 MB download on Steam for the game, which then led to having to load the Perp launcher and sit through updates. The update was a mere 16.06 MB in size, but it took about 15 minutes for my PC to download it, which I haven't seen done in any MMO since FFXI and its 56kbs speed cap.- Pop is severely low. Usually sub 50 players listed in chat channels, with over 100ish logging in daily to keep their skill points churning in. I see it as each player holding more meaning to the game overall, but others will see this as a dead game walking.- P2W. In EVE, all choices are final with your skills, unless CCP nukes a set somehow. In Perp? You can pay real money to reset points and have them to spend on whatever you want. Recent balance changes before I joined severely nerfed many loadouts for PvP and other aspects of gameplay people spent months or more training into. Solution? Just open your wallet if you want to and get SP back to invest into the new meta, or lament having skills wasted by wanton dev decisions and train normally into the new meta. EVE works it so new can compete with old by specialized training, while Perp lets the old stay on top by wallet or ingame ICE (PLEX) use.All in all, I found Perp as the offbrand cola for my desire for a namebrand fix. Sam's Cola is not quite the same as Pepsi, nor is Perp really EVE, but I found myself enjoying it despite its many shortcomings, and appreciating it for what it offers. I can easily recommend EVE for those seeking quality, but at the same time, Perp exists as a cheap pay to own option to EVE's fees."
,Not Recommended,223410,18063963,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Khevor,"This game is an interesting premise; sandbox/resource-centric game featuring robots.  Unfortunately, I cannot recommend it.Pros- Persistent, open, sandbox, malleable world.- PvE and PvP with distinct and separate areas for each.- Player controlled economy- Player created/maintained corporations (guilds).- Extensive crafting system.- Complex time-based skill system- Good number of robots to choose from each with pros and cons.Cons- Not newbie friendly (Overly long and tedious tutorial)- Clunky UI (Not suited for people that have trouble with small/fine print)- Few, large, old, player empire corporations- Silent in-game community.  Overly helpful with too much information for a question asked then quiet the rest of the time.  May also overwhelm new players with 'gifts' of in-game money for no reason.- Extremely low population for an MMO.- Boring combat with limited cover mechanic (target, press button, watch auto-combat, rinse, repeat)- Crafting system is a long, drawn-out process that can take several hours or days to complete an item.This game could be so much more and does have elements to it that can make it interesting.  The background story also has merit but hasn't been expanded upon at all since its initial inception.If you played this game before and wish to return to see what's changed, some things have but the biggest change is the sheer lack of people.If you're new, this game will test your patience and you're likely to walk away bored or frustrated (or both)."
76561197962832174,Not Recommended,223410,9976247,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,ItsAbonanza!,"I'm going to write an unbiased review as possible, this is coming from a person who has played many, many games, across many genres.The good and bad in no particular order:1.Now as it stands, the UI is atrocious, especially for a game where so much attention is needed to information on the screen for you to get around and do things, anyone with even slightly poor eyesight will probably be annoyed and have a hard time reading the font size that is unchangeable (as far as I could tell) on the UI, I know I was annoyed and my eyesight isn't bad enough to warrant glasses or contact lenses. (bad)2. The World does seem to be alive, with things going on around you, though when I played there hadn't been that many people on, but I found some nonetheless, and the possibilities for exploration are very, very great. (good)3.  The Tutorial is very, very well put together, you learn everything you need to, to get started in the game. Though the tutorial check list seems a bit daunting at first, its pretty easy to follow (with the exception of the horrible font size), and at the end of it all you get some free stuff after completing it that helps you out when you finally get to the game world proper (if you skip the tutorial you don't, good incentive, not to mention you'll be completely lost if you aren't already coming from a game like EVE online). (good)4. One of the bad parts about the game is that after the tutorial (and chosing the faction you want) you aren't really prompted to do anything, you kinda just spawn at the beginners base of said faction and nothing comes up to tell you what to do. The Quests (Assignments) are very repetitive, mostly go to ""A"" attack ""B"" get ""Item"" from ""B""'s wreckage deliver ""Item"" to ""C"", or go to area ""A"" scan for ""certain mineral/Artifact"" locate ""mineral/artifact"" mine/retrieve ""mineral/artifact"" and deliver to ""B"" or some variation there of, the only difference is that the more in good standing you are with the faction you chose at the end of the tutorial increasingly difficult assignments are unlocked for you to complete, but they never stray far from this template. The game feels very grindy for a game with time-based progression, you have to log in once a day to get certain points to level up skills of your choosing, and you need to level up certain skills to be able to use more powerful mechs, so even if you have the money, you can't use the mech till you level up the skills to use it. (bad)5. The graphics are atrocious for 2014, or even 2011 or 2010 when the game launched beta or alpha. Maybe for 2003 or 2004 they were good, but damn they ungly now. The mechs don't feel like mechs... look kinda flimsy, even the ones you get to try out during the tutorial which take some time to acquire, (not that they are bad in combat, they just don't look it is all). The sounds for the mechs are also bad, too low when they shoudn't be and cut in and out constantly, the ""thump, thump"" that you would expect a heavy bipedal mech to have as it walks isn't there, the sounds for the weapons are also bad, except for the missle, which I'd say is alright all around. (bad)6. Combat is in the vein of Mech warrior online, just with longer locking target times, and point and click targeting/firing, and chance based hitting depending on the weapon used, not as exciting as mech warrior online, but still fun, if you manage to get into a battle that'll make you sweat a bit (that probably won't happen early on), may be too many variables to take into consideration for some people though. Mechs of the same class from the 3 different factions balance each other out well. (good)7. Crafting in the game is also very, very grindy, you must acquire research points by the hundreds by looting ""kernels"" from wreckage of mechs you destroyed. Only one kernel amounts to one research point, and you get anywhere from atleast 1 (most of the time, rarely none) to 10 kernels from a mech you destroyed (though i only played the beginning and therefore they may drop more kernels the harder the enemies get), and you need from what I saw in the research panel thousands of them, and you need 2 types of kernels for some 3 research trees with atleast 1 different type of kernel required for each tree. Honestly though you can start making money after your first investment in any one of the trees (you can pursue all of the them, choosing one doesn't exclude you from the rest), by building that first item (which requires you to scan, locate and mine for minerals/metal), and selling it on the market, which gets you a good amount of money from what I saw. Making money seems to be very easy in the game, but money doesn't give you everything, because skill trees and research points must be advanced/unlocked/gained first which is good, but the hard grind you have to commit to isn't. (bad)These aspects are the ones I chose to review the game from, there are a few more but they don't matter as much to someone just starting out in the game, because it takes a lot of grinding to get to those aspects. Time is something someone who plays this game is going to want to have alot of to get anywhere in it. EVE players wouldn't mind maybe, but not all players are are people who've played EVE and thats why I've written this, because most people who reviewed the game don't seem to review it from an unbiased point of view. But don't take my word for it try it out yourselves if you have the money to spare, its great in some aspects and poor in others, I'd give it a no on the recommendation rating, but I dont speak for everyone."
,Recommended,223410,19271474,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,subot.robot,"If you want to play a single shard (single sever/world) game, there are only two options, this game or Eve-online. I have played both. I like Perpetuum mainly because of robots and lively planets as opposed to endless black space in Eve-online. Another reason is low population on perpetuum, which allows you to rise quickly within the perpetuum community and make lot of friends. In Eve-online, considering the size of the universe and player community, it is easy for a new player to feel lost. It is hard to make significant impact within the game, where as in Perpetuum you can.This game has it's learning curve and earning the in-game experience before your robots can take on veterans. But trust me, this game is addicting as hell, once you get into the grooves.If you want one single reason to buy this game, this is a single shard, perpetual world. Just like a alternate life. You will feel part of the perpetual world."
,Not Recommended,223410,26350368,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Gadzooks,"The trailer on steam makes it seem like its some sort of cool action based mechwarrior online game. Fast paced, mech combat stomping around blasting stuff. Nope. Not even close.This is closer to EvE online (ever so slightly), with mechs, only much worse graphics and very slow paced gameplay . UI is very clunky and overly complex. Hated how so much of my screen was needed for UI elements. Controls were pretty bad too. Not very intuitive.Unless you have a LOT of time to invest into just learning this game and dealing with the complex mechanics, its probably not a game you will enjoy."
76561197971877162,Recommended,223410,22715868,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,Asses of Fire,"A time based MMO involving mechs.  The only other game remotely like this is Eve online.  You can't dispute it.  The skill progression here is much better though because you don't have to actively pick what skills you want to level up, you just accrue points every day.I'm pretty much addicted to this game. I played it in 2012 but stopped due to boredom.  But I'm back several years later because there just aren't too many games like this on the market.  Perp definately has potential.  A few short comings in certain areas, such as the poor graphics and GUI.  The lead dev Zoom has stated that they'd like to do a graphics update but lack of funding is preventing that.  This game has a very small audience but die hard fans.The PVP and combat isn't as intense as Eve.  You can't rotate around your opponent so fast that their lasers cant hit you.  But you can use the environment to your advantage.  Faster mechs generally do far better as they can run away if things get hot.  PVP is Perp is full loot.  That means when you die, you lose everything and your opponent gets some of your loot.  PvP isn't completely open however.  There are various islands.  You are relatively safe from PvP for quite some time as by the time you make it to the beta islands, you're pretty powered up.  With this being a time based skill progression game however, that will take some time......unless you purchase the two packs along side the main game.  Those two packs save you 5 1/2 months of time.  I think they're worth $20.So the main issue with Perp is the lack of a player base.  The game is mostly player driven.  That means that after the starter islands, you won't find gear or new mechs sold by NPC's, only by players.  So if their aren't any players left, then you pretty much have to craft everything yourself.  I've never found it difficult to find gear though, at least not yet.The game has ALOT of grinding and is pretty much P2W unfortunately.  This really can't be disputed.  You can pay real money to buy extension point upgrades that give you more skill points over time than non paying customers.  As this game has full loot pvp on the beta and gamma islands, people that put alot of real money into this game will get ahead faster.  The argument could be said that those that don't wish to pvp can just stay on the alpha islands.  Ok....so about half the content is on the latter islands.  If you want to build colonies and terraform for your guild (corporation) then you need to leave the alpha islands.  You will eventually pvp with other folks that want to ruin your day.  I can say however, that pvp in Perp isn't as sadistic as Eve.  You won't have people camping your mining spot waiting for you to jettison some ore so they can steal it and flag themselves as hostile.So there you.  You can mine, treasure hunt, do combat, build modules and mechs for other players, etc etc.  The only thing you can't do in this sandbox MMO is be a trader I suppose becasue most of the game is player driven.  So I suppose you could raise inflation if you wanted to be a jerk.  But this isn't elite dangerous level's of trading where one hub needs supplies more than another hub.  It's all mostly player driven after the starter island.Here is a Let's Play I did.  It explains the UI and how the mission structure works.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R_54e8V4B5M"
,Recommended,223410,13486643,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,EaTCarbS,"EVE Lite, as I like to call it. Very similar to EVE, much smaller, and no subscription. Definately reccommend, even if you only play on and off."
76561198053569670,Recommended,223410,12578209,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Silkdawn,"I might be biased, but I like sandbox MMOs and theres so few true ones out there, but this is one of them.Sandbox MMOs are usually only targeted towards a very small community of players and Perpetuum isnt any different. It has a decently low population compared to many other typical class/level/themepark MMOs. However, it doesnt lack any proper tools or contents. Everything needed in the game is in there. Some things could definatly get a little overhaul, like organisation and UI for corps (alliances?) ect. but nothing is truly missing, its in there and it works."
76561198079236165,Recommended,223410,12418351,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,GwyndorTheZulu,"Cant write enough about this game. Definitely a hidden gem that only lacks a bit of investment by those seeking an amazing futuristic scifi sandbox mmo. If you enjoyed EvE you will enjoy Perpetuum. My only issues with the game after 650 hours of play time is the poor UI. If there was a better elevation depiction on the Radar for pvp and also a sort of Tactical overlay like what EvE has I would be completely content giving it a 10/10. Main reasons for the lack of said fixes? No one seems to know about this game :PI played EvE for over 6 years and got fed up with the subscriptions and lack of pvp mechanics to support small scale combat as well as large scale combat without becoming the ""death blob"" where any monkey who can listen to an FC call targets and hit F1 can be a pvper. In Perpetuum there are mechanics such as interference and AoE damage when robots explode. 100 man drake fleets would not want to orbit the fc at 500m in Perpetuum because if one or two die in close proximity to the rest of the fleet it would be a beautiful cascade of exploding drakes. I have been on the winning and losing side of those cascades and it gets me every time. PvP in perpetuum is the reason I remain here instead of returning to EvE. Every individual needs to be aware of their strengths/weaknesses/surroundings to avoid being a hindrance to a group let alone being effective.I also spent my first two years in EvE doing industry. As far as crafting goes in EvE it is usually straight forward until you get to t2/t3 manufacturing. All of the crafting in Perpetuum is like t3 and t2 where you must first unlock what you wish to create by gathering kernals and then spending said kernals. After an item is unlocked (there are two trees, one for personal research and one for corporation research. Having an item unlocked for the corp as well as the individual will give bonuses) you can then prototype it. A prototype is much more expensive than the module/robot you wish to produce. It also requires some additional resources that are gathered from destroyed npc's. Once the protoype is done it can be Reverse Engineered into a CT or Calibration Template. The CT is like the BPC in EvE. There are no BPO's, you must continually prototype and reverse engineer what you wish to produce as your CT's get worn-out. As the CT gets used it becomes less and less efficient also. To get the materials needed to actually do the manufacturing side of things it will require components made of a combination of plants, liquids, and ores from various islands to make a finished product.I know these are fat blocks of text but every detail is needed for this game. The pvp system far exceeds EvE online and the Crafting system has such a depth to it that eve will never reach simply because the sinks for resources and currency are so high. It requires a very hardcore gamer to truly understand this game and it requires an equally hardcore community to utilize all the picks and shovels in this sandbox."
76561197960292462,Not Recommended,223410,31355481,Posted: 25 April,all,Hudson,"The game itself is still ok, but I cannot recommend a game that is reliant on player numbers, but does not have them.Sadly developers have failed to find a course that would bring Perpetuum back to the days when playing it was ""Eve, but on the ground with mechs"" and not walking a ghost town."
,Recommended,223410,32161298,Posted: 3 June,all,robobot1747,"Imagine if EvE Online and Mechwarrior had a baby, and that baby only cost $10. This game is that baby."
76561197984116531,Recommended,223410,12528602,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Acidraven,"MMO, Complex gameplay, Permanant losses, and one time required cost. And now out of Early Access."
76561198027439737,Not Recommended,223410,26369579,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Arianoth,"As idea of game is good, so gameplay itself is weak... Fighting is somewhat not finished? (Slow targeting, problematic attacking - [space] not always working). Generaly far from enojoyable control of robots."
76561198031365132,Recommended,223410,24242505,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,Toharan,"Overall this is a great game.  It is Eve done better.If you're familiar with Eve, then...You pay a little bit of money, once, and never again.  It truly has no further maintenance costs.Rather than space ships you're piloting robots and mechs on a planet with day/night cycles, terrain, trees and cool structures dotting the landscape.Better, easier, faster travel.Does not end up feeling like an exercise in spreadsheet analysis.You can't be podded, so all you can lose is the vehicle and whatever it was carrying.If you think Eve is a biblical reference, then...We are talking robots and mechs, baby!  Big ones, little ones, scampering ones -- all shapes and sizes.  All set on a futuristic planet where you are remotely controlling one to do whatever you want.You can kill other robots/mechs.You can gather resources (harvesting and mining).You can process gathered resources.You can research new technologies.You can prototype your newly researched technology.You can reverse engineer your prototype to create a blueprint.You can use the blueprint to manufacture copies of the newly researched tech until the blueprint overheats and melts through the floor.You can play with the in-game economy, buying goods in one place and selling them somewhere else.You can claim territory (with a corporation), set up defenses and then work to defend it from all comers.You can terraform part of the world to remake it as you see fit.You can do at least half a dozen other things that aren't springing to mind right now.They start you off with a really nice tutorial and a tease.  The tutorial guides you through all the game areas and lets you try out everything.  You can max out all your skills, buy any 'bot or mech in the game, trick it out, etc.  The catch is, once you're done, everything resets back to zero and then you actually start the game.  If you do the whole tutorial they give you two robots (one that you really shouldn't be piloting yet) and enough modules to get decent starter configurations.  The tease is that they let you drive mechs you won't be able to use effectively for at least a couple of weeks.You progress through the game primarily by improving your skills.  Skills are initially purchased for a token fee (only really a barrier for the first week or so) and skill points (called EP) and then improved up to a maximum of 10 levels with more EP.  EP are earned over time (so long as you log in every 3 days).  If you're in a huge hurry, you can pay them money to get it to accumulate 50% faster, but it still isn't instant gratification, so most people don't bother.To start you off, they give you a months worth of EP.  That is enough for a decent start in one area of endeavor, for example, combat or harvesting/production.  If you make mistakes, you have 30 days to undo your skill choices (with some restrictions) and, in time, you'll accumulate enough EP that it won't matter anyway.If PvP is your thing, there are whole islands with open PvP.  Even if you're not into PvP, it can be worth it to take a risk and mine, harvest, mission, etc in those areas for enhanced rewards.If PvE is your thing, there are plenty of areas where you can not be attacked unless you take a hostile action.  So, you can ignore the PvP altogether if you want.There is a death penalty in this game, though.  You won't lose any skills, but you will lose whatever you were piloting and everything it was carrying.  You can insure your ride, but, that really just serves to lessen the blow.  As in real life, they will only pay a faction of what a new one costs.  Again, money comes pretty easily, though, it can take a while to put the configuration back together the way you like it -- of course, thatISpart of the fun.The developers are actively working to improve the game.  They release an update every couple of months or so and fixes as needed in between.Overall the online community is friendly and helpful.  They come across as a little sleepy simply because most people are paying more attention to what is going on in their own corporations (guilds) rather than the public channels.I do see a few negatives with this game:It is an open world sand box in the true meaning of that phrase.  If you're yearning to have the game set the goals and/or lead you around by the nose, this is not the game for you.The mission system is really designed to give a little variety to your normal activities.  If you're looking for a main storyline quest or questing hubs or to be told a story through quests, this is not the game for you.The skill system is very complex and takes a fair amount of research (read the forums, read one of the excellent game guides, play with the skill planner).  If you're looking for straight path to the omfgbbqpwnzor button, this game is not for you.As with the skill system, outfitting bots and mechs is very complex and takes a fair amount of research.  If you're looking for the zomgTitanSmitesYou world beating mech, it doesn't exist and this game is not for you.I've experienced some intermittant game crashes.  It really isn't too bad and tends to happen right after I deploy into the field (where I'm still in a safe area), but it is pretty disappointing in a MMORPG that has been around for four years."
,Recommended,223410,31473724,Posted: 30 April,all,Aargab,"Great game, just needs more people."
76561197990862643,Recommended,223410,12580386,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Lolz,"Quite an interesting game with enough chalange to keep you busy for quite some time. In comparison to many other games it requires some thinking, this side has enough to keep you going for a long time. However, the servers seem kind of empty, and it is a true sandbox game... it is what you make of it. If you like a steep learning curve, don`t mind the somewhat outdated graphics, no fancy cutscences in combination with a game that actually makes you think you will enjoy this. Take in account that it`s at the fee of 2 months of subscription of most MMO games it is very enjoyable."
,Recommended,223410,12658166,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Kor,"This is a fantastic game over all, with more than enough to do to keep you occupied and happy for quite a while. The only negative thing I can think of is the player base. There are two angles to this. First: There's not many people that play this. Second: some of the people who actually do paly this are nothing but trolls who only play the game so they can be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥to other players.Despite this, the game is pretty sweet and I'll be playing for a long time, even if I only play it to get rid of the infestation of trolls on Perpetuum."
,Recommended,223410,20190966,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Balaam's ass,"tldr; I'm a nub, and so far the game is ^^^ with lots left to learn - but the early game is a sharp-ish learning curve.--Disclaimer: At the time of this writing I am 6 hours into the game; this review is written from a very nub perspective.My first impression of this game from the trailers was, ""This could be what a Mechwarrior/Battletech MMO could have been...""  Well, it turns out, not exactly; while the game view is notably more like Mech Commander than anything else I've played, the rest of the game play is very reminiscent of EVE, complete with things that sound hard to do, until you do them.  Once.  That's all it takes.The tutorial is very detailed (and for good reason) but moves quickly as you go step-by-step through learning the interface, which is largely accessible by visible buttons on the UI.  The mech bay view (where you get your missions, store your unused-but-not-sold items, store materials you will eventually sell/use for crafting, research, skillgain, buy/sell, and configure your mechs [called robots in the game, since your pilot is remote rather than within]) is fairly easy to adapt to, and is one of the reasons I mention EVE.  Cargo is nearly identical in terms of access, repairs, movement between bays, and unit configuration, and market access and use it all but the same as I recall it (from about 4 years ago), but skill gains are different, almost opposite.  Where in EVE you would select a skill and a timer would start and count down to completion of study, this game accrues skill points daily at a set rate (which can be increased with ingame functions); when you login you get your allotment of points, then for the next 2 days you gain points again, whether you login or not.  If you don't login after the third day though your skillpoint gain stops, and will begin again when you login next.  Said points are then spent for an immediate gain of a skill on a scale from 1-10, with difficulty/complexity ratings that modify skill gain (again, same as EVE did) to cost more points the more complex the skill is rated.Combat is fairly straightforward.  The one thing that I do not like is that there seems to be no 'shooting from the hip' at all, ever; you wait until your guns lock on, even if you're at point blank range, then engage them and they fire on a timer, automatically quitting when the primary target is out of range or destroyed.You can loot containers while fighting.  You can lock several targets at once, provided they are in range of your gear/skill.  You can reload guns in combat.There are non-combat focused missions as well as combat missions, and you can toggle PVP on/off.In base areas there are tiles placed to speed movement; very helpful.The chat community seems friendly so far, and is knowledgeable and helpful when asked clear questions.Completing the tutorial was an area of boredom, until I realized that I actually did need to know 'all this crap.'  DO the tutorials, but don't stick around trying to farm easy loot from drones, or using your materials to gain research, or anything else; you all but full reset once you join the real world via choosing a faction.I advise that you want to budget ~2 hours for the tutorial.That's LONG, and don't be in doubt, it can be done much faster, but use this time to learn the game as far as you can, given no true baptism by fire.This is a serious game for serious gamers, but can be enjoyed by teens on up to graybeards.  There is some number crunching, and I have yet to PVP, but so far... so good.Bottom line: I reckon I can get a couple hundred hours out of this game in its current state.8/10 would buy game on sale again.  For the time I expect to put in, paying full price would still be a good deal.Nice job, Avatar Creations!"
76561198057100405,Recommended,223410,14423429,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Quinn ║ FOXHOUND,"Eve online for people confused by space . please don't get scared by the tutorial , look for a corporation and ask help it's not that hard once you get it."
76561198044579822,Recommended,223410,21759701,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Rum & raisins,This game is not for everyone especially those who just wants to jump in and play in mechs due to skill system and permenat mech and equipment loss upon death.Though if you can over look that you will find a very good roboust sandboxish mmo with mechs in it and fairly friendly playerbase (if not small).Once you get settled in and learn how the game works you are basicly free to do what you want within your skills parameters.In shortPros-Very in depth systems with lots to do-rewards exploration and risk taking-big worlds-Lots of crafting and building/terraformingCons-Time based progression that can hinder player enjoyment due very slow leveling-Low player population-Crafting is very complex so don't expect to beable to make anything without investing a large amount into gathering and -skills to make crafting easier and cheaper.-Permanent loss of mech and equip early on can be huge issue for new players.Over all if you don't mind doing a bit of reading or experimenting and have a bit of time to kill every now and again this is a great game.Though I would avoid this if you are looking for a game with moderately paced progression system and general.
,Recommended,223410,10009530,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,123,"This game is full of detail. From the crafting to the research. Combat can range with multiple tactics and styles. This game has taken my new mmo favorite spot. If i had to say what it compares to, id say star trek online and a mech game. Very unique and fun to play!"
76561198007278766,Not Recommended,223410,26342966,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Mac,"I was expecting a bit more from this game. For me it's just too low key, very slow paced. Graphics arent the best but not terribad for a game of this caliber. I just felt under and overwhelmed at the same time with this game. The tutorial was a great one, and explained everything with good detail, I just didnt find any of it appealing, and I love games like this. Crusader Kings 2 is one of my favorite games, I love Eve online. Just for some reason, this game didnt click with me. Its missing something, for me anyway. This isnt saying it's not a good game for someone else, apparently it has plenty of good reviews, it just isnt my cup of tea."
76561198033542462,Recommended,223410,12808427,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,,"If you're the kind of person who enjoys empire building and large scale team play where you're in an open unforgiving environment setting your own goals and making your own fun then this game is for you.Perpetuum doesn't hand you victory. It doesn't take you on a stroll through a beautiful theme park like most MMOs. You have to work, fight, and build every inch of success you make here. As a result the highs are incredible and the lows are quite low.  I personally love it. This game is very much in the hands of the person playing it.  It's hardcore for the hardcore type of player.Many have compared it to Eve Online circa 2004 except with mechs."
76561197978790489,Recommended,223410,10062506,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,KING-iCoDaa,"Once you get past the ""OMG WTF DO I DO"" this game is brilliant. I'm addicted. Think EvE online with robots and your there.All i will say is, if you want the best from this game then run the tutorial or you will be asking for help every 10 seconds and get lost in the complexity of the game. This isn't for carebear gamers who want rewards for just turning the game on. It is hard, It takes some getting used to AND YOU WILL DIE and lose your stuff and mechs. Decent MMO though. 9/10"
76561198051245395,Not Recommended,223410,29099021,Posted: 7 January,all,Wenuk,"I gotta say this game belongs to a genre of games that I love. open persistant worlds where mostly everything is player made. that being said I found this game had very little to do. lots of go here and kill 5 things or go drop off this package at x location type missions that felt extremely hollow.  I asked around looking for something to do in the game and I found most of the things you could do had little point to them other than ""leveling for a bigger robot""The pvp sounded interesting but with the lock on combat system I figured it wasnt really worth my time..ProsGood mechanicsLots of customizationSingle persistant open worldConsLack of activitysBoring aiugly boring world with next to no depthfeels like a themepark mmo and not a sandbox"
,Not Recommended,223410,12853160,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Bifrost,"I really wanted to like this game - no subscriptions and a player-driven economy?  Sounds great :)  Throw in a sci-fi setting?  Now you're getting my juices flowing!  Unfortunately two things let this game down - the environments, while pleasant enough, are lacklustre in terms of context (there isn't any).  On each island you're just presented with a landscape plus ""frills"" which include frankly derpy looking vegetation and buildings which not only serve no purpose but also which aren't even attributed a purpose - they're just there.  Secondly, the graphics are really poorly implemented.  They're not good graphics in the first place and I have a half-decent and modern GPU-processor combo, yet I had appalling framerates.  The worst of it is that this wasn't a product of the engine being really great, or of not having suitable graphical nerfs included in the menu - the framerates for me were low even with all the graphics settings turned right down and, worst of all, seemed to drop off as a result of calculations being made regardingvisualstuff going on which wasn't being rendered in any way.  It's a really stupid problem - say I'm sat at the edge of an island, near the coast.  Looking 180 degrees in the coastwards direction, framerates are fine.  The other 180 degrees entail a droppng framerate which is worst when looking towards the centre of the island where all the ""stuff"" is happeningdespite the fact that there's a fecking mountain in the way!This can't be due to anything other than sloppy programming, since the ""stuff"" going on is always going on, no matter where I'm looking, and is not rendered because of BIG geographical obstacles.  There is also the immersion-breaking issue of walking robotsskating over the ground.I mean how difficult would it have been to time the animation to the movement speed so that the impression of walking is actually achieved?  The community is good, nice people, very helpful and the idea is not too bad.  It's just poorly implemented.  I wouldn't recommend this to anyone unless it goes F2P, it's certainly not worth £20-odd."
76561198031441716,Recommended,223410,27030425,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,[NOPE] Sigvar,I have played this game for about 5 days. I hate to make the the comparison but it most closely resembles EvE Online though with robots on islands instead of ships in space. This is not a mechwarrior first person game rather it is mechs from third person perspective. There are some differences from EvE that are notable. You can use environmental objects as cover during combat for one. The community is small but dedicated to the game. There are player corporations and territorial disputes with safe zones for PvE and zones for PvP. For whatever reason this game hasnt taken off and lags behind EvE graphically by about 10 years. It does however have an entertaining slightly addictive feel to it. It is definitely worth a try at the under 10 dollar price.
,Recommended,223410,16587135,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Anilusion,"A very good MMORPG that unfortunately lacks players. This is basically EVE Online with mechs, and with a larger playerbase, it could possibly be one of the greatest MMOs."
76561198138316729,Recommended,223410,12571974,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Bludbonez,"As one who has played MMO's for many years. Eve for some of those years. I have found a good home in Perpetuum.  The pvp is addicting. The crafting and mining in this game has no challenge except for perhaps EVE. This is a sandbox mmo. So you do what you want. When you want. There is no subscription fee.While there is a tutorial to learn the basics.  It is basically up to you on what you wish to do. You can make your own corp or join one already in game. Currently there are two alliances. War on a continuous basis(Both economically and military).For those players who have to be hand fed things to do. I do not recommend this game. But if you like a challenge. Would like to build your own little place on our planet of Nia. Like pvp, like combat, like making your involvement matter. Then this game is just for you!This game is not for the feint of heart. But if you enjoy a challenge. Then I challenge you to take part in a highly dynamic world and community that is Perpetuum."
,Recommended,223410,16434449,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Fluffy The Destroyer,"30 Sept 2017 UPDATE: the game is officially dead. But the developers have made tools for the community to keep it alive. Now the game is available through standalone format. Want to still play: well read this :https://community.sequer.nl/2017/09/24/announcing-the-open-perpetuum-project/+ Lots of career choices (combat, mining, trading, exploration and a couple more)+ learn skills with time and not with killing enemies (gives you time to appreciate and learn your current set of skills+ player driven market+ emphasis on player corporation and co-op play (its more fun)+ research and craft your own components for your robot3.5.7 UPDATE (15 June 2015) + missions are given on the field which means less time traveling- not enough players in total playing the game- player driven market is not filled enough- graphics are outdated- updates are slow compared to other mmo- not enough exploration- Combat is static (lock and shoot)- not enough lore and stories- Lack of gameplay contentI played the beta a long time ago and I liked it at that time. Unfortunately they went with a subscription model and I wasn't ready to spend cash on a monthly basis. The reason it wasn't to my standard.before I begin my review, to be clear and honest, I did not touch the pvp so take that into account. I've only heard about it.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5avh6Au80T0"
76561198113965360,Recommended,223410,27846415,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,,"What an excellent game! I'll preface this review by saying that I'm an OLD-school player. I  enjoy an honest-to-goodness sandbox game, and played EvE for years. I have been looking for a game like EvE but more suited to my personal tastes, and Perpetuum is perfect. The skill system is similar to EvE, but is different in one important aspect: points are based on playtime instead of simply time. There are skill point rewards you receive while you do certain tasks, and then these points can be awarded to the skills you choose. That's more satisfying to me than EvE's platform, and it moves much quicker because the point system is pretty generous, and is not fixed. Point bonuses are random, but you have to play to earn them.Another improvement is the fact that the mechs are land-based, and line-of-sight along with terrain becomes very important in PvP. The mechs can be specialized in great detail, much like the ships in EvE.Fair warning about this game. If you like complexity, depth of gameplay, and the rewards that come with a player-driven economy, you'll enjoy Perpetuum. If you are used to theme-park games and are looking for constant action, this is not what you're looking for. PvP is expensive, and finding a good corporation early in order to teach you the ropes is essential. There's a lot of repetitive play involved, but this is rooted in old-school game philosophy.I've recently played Xyson (good game but no one plays), Albion Online (too commercialized for me), Anarchy Online, TERA, SotA, and a bunch of others looking for a good crafting-based game that also has PvP. Perpetuum is it. The sale right now makes it extremely worthwhile to pick up, and the optional DL's add huge value to the package. For less than 10 bucks you can get enough points to be competitive in-game.Most people giving a thumbs-down are simply not interested in the type of gameplay Perpetuum offers. As a genuine sandbox game, there's very little in the way of competition on the market. (Especially if you enjoy EvE, but want some interesting differences in mechanics and the way skills work.)Lastly...in a game like this, graphics are secondary to gameplay. However, the game is beautiful, and the graphics are pretty damned good tbh. They just aren't cutting-edge. Some games have great graphics and no gameplay at all. NO MAN can argue with that, yeah?2 BIG thumbs up!!"
76561198021007756,Recommended,223410,10153985,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,,"If you want this game go try the free trial for Eve online first. The game hub is nearly identical to Eve and can be overwhelming for some but if you can get used to or like the the way Eve is set up you'll be right at home in Perpetuum. Continueing with the Eve comparison this game does feel easier and more welcoming than Eve. While i haven't reached that stage yet, you will need to find friends/corparations to continue past a point in the game, just like Eve.Sorry for all the Eve comparisions but it's the closest thing to Perpetuum out there that can be tried for free. Try it, if you like it than you can play Perpetuum without being disapointed or shocked at it's gameplay.-dark*This is my review but in games the best way to find out if you like it is to try it."
76561198197753582,Recommended,223410,32066219,Posted: 30 May,all,,"I've played Perp for a long time, even before I got my steam account and a secondary character. Its a game worth playing if you like using robots to harvest plants, mine material or just shoot other robots down and so much more. And you dont have to do it all alone. Perp has corporations where you can join up into a massive company of hard core gamers. The game is long term and I always have things I could and need to do. Its definately better than Eve Online and absolutley refreshing. Its a shame it is losing its popularity and members. Even I, myself took a year off from the game."
76561197998503071,Recommended,223410,12585657,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,,"Never played EVE, wanted something along those lines.  I've forgotten what other games are like."
76561198084077567,Recommended,223410,12225442,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,,"Game starts off a little slow but after 7 hours playing it and learning the game abit....I love it , more than i thought it would be.Feels abit lonely by yourself , but as my friends got it and met some great people that help out it felt more alive in a sense .Don't listen to the guys giving negitive reveiws ...they only played tops 47 hours lol<i know i only have 10 lol> listen to the guys giving positive reviews they have 100 to 900 hours <look for yourself> and seem to have a grip on the game.It I think will be great and I am very happy buying it unlike others I own .Give it a try its good."
76561197983407313,Recommended,223410,23773011,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,,"No monthly subscription required.Open world.Player based economy.Time barriers have been pretty much lifted so its easy now to get into all kind of mechs.No better time to experience this than now!Claim land, terraform it and build Your base and empire!Game is worth every penny of its ridiculously low price."
76561198025837006,Recommended,223410,10073607,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,,"I'm not here to repeat what everyone else has stated already with the comparisons to Eve, I am here to talk about customer service. In less than 6 hours not only did i put in a ticket for an issue, but it was solved, done, fixed.I had a Perpetuum acct from looong ago and enjoyed it, but didnt have the time for subscription based games. Long story short, I purchased this on steam, then linked my Perpetuum acct..., well that was the wrong order lol, i now had a steam acct and my old account that wasnt activated.So I sent in a ticket asking to kill the steam purchased account and activate my old acct. DONE. I log back in later and it was fixed, no email bragging how awesome their service was now please fill out a survey, no secondary form asking for unnrelated information, just DONE.Tnx Avatar Creations, for the no muss no fuss fix."
,Recommended,223410,9989182,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,m3chladon,"This game is great. Seriously. If you even remotely love EVE online and you are looking for that kind of a fix, bam this is it. This game is great soloing and with friends. It's relaxing and exciting when you want it to be.Community is way more active then I expected and I'm already chit chatting with people almost the entire time I'm on.I'm doing hauling runs for friends, and harvesting plants on the side trying to figure out if I want to go hardcore mining or hardcore NEXUS support industrial bots.I'm loving this game and since it isn't monthly subscription I'll be staying with this for a long ♥♥♥ time. 4 of my friends joined me in jumping on this game and we are all satisfied with playing.I give this game a solid 9/10. Well done, this is how you do early access."
76561198006838759,Recommended,223410,16554057,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,,"ok, here's my review for perpetuum ....bear with me it's my first and english isn't my mother's tongue.so what can i say , technically, having an i7 and 980 gtx sli with more memory than is reasonnable , i've seen better !so let's talk about what i've never seen instead .....fascinating gameplay mechanics i have only scratched the surface of....awesome community that feels more like a family than an mmo community even so that there's always a devteam member acknowleding in the general chat the issues and questions ppl may have....members of so called community that are giving away prizes and loot for others to promote the game ....seriously what can i say , if you're not a trigger happy brainless COD fan, enjoy using your mind and interacting with friendly people in the middle of a complex and fascinating world of warfare and / or (yes you have the choice) economics ... i'd say this game is a bargain .... very low entry fee in a universe i never thought existed .now let's get down to steam basics :10/10 will get rich while making friends again ! AND THERE ARE ROBOTS !!!"
,Recommended,223410,10055398,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,Yarxie,So far so good. I even recorded an hour of my first gameplay if you want to see how it handles and so on.Seems like it will be an entertaining game. Hopefully they go towards more realism than arcade.If you want to see before you buy:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ltInj0X5NQI
,Not Recommended,223410,26273139,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Occamsnailfile,"I can't recommend this game unfortunately.  I bought it on sale and was immediately baffled by the extremely obtuse UI; I managed to die somehow in the tutorial area and while I was immediately resurrected, I still do not understand what happened.  Interactable objects give no feedback and are not clearly marked.  The real deal-sealer was the chat though--people there were discussing how they never left the noob zone because of the PVP hunters waiting outside to absolutely murder any attempt to play the wider game. Newp!"
76561197985744477,Not Recommended,223410,29267076,Posted: 15 January,all,Malkadore,"Dead community. 1 server with at most, 50 players online at one time."
76561198007371700,Recommended,223410,32996958,Posted: 29 June,all,Halflyfe,I would give this game a 3 1/2 out of 5. Anyone with past Eve experience will pick up on the game pretty quick. Bit of a learning curve but after doing the tutorial you'll be in better shape (Do not skip the tutorial).
,Recommended,223410,16563043,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,tsukinosuke,"true sandbox, open world, easy to understand, easy to play, lot of things to do, no lag, no monthly fee, no grinding for leveling, good community, good staffs, well balanced environment, well designed Sci-Fi...about small community, quality over quantity.. it grows gradually.do you like, Mech? Sandbox? Open World PVE-PVP? so you have the answer now.."
76561198123009083,Recommended,223410,16587230,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,,"Despite what you would think based on small, littl eknown developers and a free to play model, is one of the very best mmorpgs currently on the market.  And the best thing is it's constantly evolving.  I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,223410,16554778,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Bamda,"I just started playing the game but it seems a lot like EVE using mechs and robots instead of ships without the annoying monthly subscription. The game seems extremely deep with multiple paths to take, from what I have read you can actually open all paths with enough time. Which I think is a good thing.The combat is engaging and fun, the industry/crafting has a lot of depth. Another nice feature is the currency used to upgrade your skills are provided for free as long as you keep logging in every three days. The assignments (missions/quests) are helpful to learn the game. I strongly suggest that you play through the tutorial to get the additional rewards provided on upon completion."
,Recommended,223410,20682653,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,YellowJacket,"I was quite surprised by this game.In this you are effectively a computer virus of some form that infests one of the local robots. Through this you eventually grow on your path towards a specific race of robots, each with their strong suits. The green bots favor missiles and shields (basically turning the game into a form of high-stakes ""peek-a-boo""), the blue robots are quicker and utilize railgun tech, meanwhile the yellow robots are sturdy armor tankers that enjoy lasers. There are many, many traits that go with the robot, each of which can be skilled up by spending daily-acquired skillpoints. The skills vary from mining efficiency to how fast you can fire a weapon.Even in the earlier stages of the game you can find good and sustainable ways for income to your character in the form of hunting mobs/pvp raiding/industry, familiar to the ever-so-referenced EVE Online. You can even start an alien farm. With simple gameplay mechanics it is strangely relaxing to have your robo simply unleash hell on mobs while taking in the well-thought-out alien environment. Plus, if you decide to throw down only 10$bux a month (which is about the price of a chipotle lunch) you get a lot more skillpoints that grow at a continual rate.PROS:Simple gameplay, high ceilingPlayer-ran ecoPlayer-ran territory control (higher levels)Does not take all of your day, can be played in segmentsNew-player friendly communityCute robotsMurderous robotsBizarre art-styleSurreal OSTSolo play is very feasibleCONS:Requires a thirst for knowledgeUI can feel a bit strange at timesEarlier areas are very open, almost lonesomely soEnemy AI may need a bit of tweakingAlmost too easy to farm at times"
76561198052366856,Recommended,223410,10087468,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Arrision,"Great game, lots of detail and depth"
76561198030336925,Recommended,223410,14397221,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Flashand,"This game is not for every one, but there are many things you can do to amuse yourself for those that like this style of game. Yes it is eve'ish, but that is good and bad both, yes it has a very long very hand holdy tutorial and then drops you off and lets you run with out any hand holding. There are many things i can say positive and a few that are negative.The positive is it is robots! You can build, reasurch and destroy them.  The game is being revamped to implement some good ideas, no they didnt think the origional design was good enough , basically an eve clone on the ground.The negative is there is a low population and takes awhile to get anywhere in game be it reasurch a manufacturer or a battle bot.So come try it out and if you like the comunitty then stay, if not ... well there is always wow for you....."
76561198034780952,Recommended,223410,28199873,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,FULLMETAL,"If you like EVE you will like Perpetuum!ProsEasy to get into if you played EVEDynamic tactical action packed combat (compared to EVE)Great community of playersConsGraphicsSmall Indie Dev teamFor the reviewers that don't like this game I notice 2 main things, They haven’t played EVE and the steep learning curve and UI that this game and EVE share turn off a lot of people when they expect it to be an action game from the trailer. Or the reviewer has played EVE but believes Perpetuum to be inferior. Mainly because of graphics but also the game is different in some ways.What made EVE a success wasn’t the graphics, but the dynamic player driven gameplay, and I believe perpetuum captures that same feeling. At first it’s hard to adjust to crawling around on the ground, instead of cruising through space. But the fact that you interact with terrain gives the combat in this game a level of depth and interaction EVE will never have.When I grind combat missions in EVE, I warp into a “room” target the enemies and then fire my weapons to destroy them keeping an eye on my shield bar and slow boating around in the meantime like a blimp, if I am in a battleship.In Perpetuum, I travel to the combat site and target the enemies from afar and then run in to engage them, while firing at them I can run around the terrain as will the enemies, using cover to block weapons fire.The shields in perpetuum are very dynamic, while you have your shield enabled it consumes your “capacitor energy” directly to absorb damage, meaning as long as you have capacitor energy you will basically be invincible. The tradeoff is of course while your shield is up your weapons cannot fire back, but they can reload! This gives another level of depth and management to combat, having your shield up while reloading or when you anticipate enemy fire, and lowering it to counterattack. The shield also seems very useful for industrial ships, as they can activate it to by time while they run away from whatever would be attacking them, having no need to return fire.In my own personal experience the people in this game are fantastic. I was concerned about playing such a team and cooperation oriented game without my usual group of gaming friends and going into the world solo. But after a few hours of playing I and several other new players in the starting area received an anonymous donation of in game money from the individual who had been answering all the questions in the help channel all morning. I only found out who it was because of my experience in EVE I could find the sender of the money in the transaction window. When the other newbs asked who it was in chat he never said anything or took credit.Needless to say, after talking to him for a bit, I’ve joined his corp (ETHOS) and couldn’t be happier. I was already starting to enjoy the game more and more as I got into it and it became more challenging, but now that I am part of a great community it is 100% better. Some of the people I talked to have been playing for 5 to 3 years!. Most of them tell me they have quit Eve because the community on this game is much nicer and I have to agree. I haven’t seen a single negative person or anyone spamming dodgy money doubling schemes in chat. And so far, no one has cheesed a way to destroy my robot or grief me in the non PvP areas. The amount of time I’ve lost a ship in High sec in EVE to a player without willingly engaging in PvP is staggering. (for reference, I have 925 hours on EVE and have been playing off and on for years)Bottom line for the price point this game is 100% worth it if you know what you are getting into. The people that play are dedicated and it isn’t hard to get involved in the action and community."
76561198023095542,Not Recommended,223410,10578541,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,R401JL,"I wanted to like this game, I really did.  The game seems quite polished and easy to pick up.  Although it is basically just EVE with Mechs instead of ships, I really don't think it brings anything new to the table.  Unfortunately...well, here's an analogy: it's like owning a sweet car but you always have to car-pool with a foul-mouthed misanthrope who continually demonstrates surprising immaturity.  The most vocal component of the community really lets this game down.  Shame."
76561198020429630,Not Recommended,223410,13855902,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,,"It is dead game.Online is about 120 players on top.Lack of content, bad graphic.Good concept, that can't get the proper care of its developer team.Sad, but only a miracle can save that game from being killed."
76561197960295521,Recommended,223410,12738143,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,,If you like EVE you should try this!!Never had more fun!
,Recommended,223410,33772974,Posted: 24 July,all,Froz3n Smoothy,"Pros: sandbox, has many types of mechs to choose from, veriaty of diffrent wepons to fit your mechs with, very indepth crafting and gathering system, even though the graphics are not the best the gameplay is their and its good.Cons: (this is just me but) When the mechs move it feels veary ""stiff"", Its like EVE online so its not for everyone, only way to level your skills are waiting in real time ex. it could take 9 days to level your balistics skill up, their is a lerning curve for newer people who are not familiar with EVE online.Would I recomend the game? Yes and no, if eve online is your thing and you want something a little diffrent pick it up. BUT if you dont like how EVE online is give it a pass."
76561198114191086,Recommended,223410,15241983,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,,"This game deserves A LOT more attention and support!On the beginning...sorry for my english...I really want to recommend that game to EVERYBODY. It is NOT truth, that only EVE ex-players will find it enjoyable.Also, there is really nice TUTORIAL at the beginning. You can go step by step there with most of game activities. It is explained quite nice. Also players are very helpfull and can help you with your questions.This is not a easy, fast game with arcade-style fights and pew pew explosions. This game require some time and effort to fully enjoy, but it's worth it.Check it. Really."
,Recommended,223410,19943153,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Orange Juice,"It's like EVE, but with robots instead of spaceships. I really like how they handled mining, even if it is still a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ Buy this game, play this game, pilot a green missle boat."
76561198015503000,Recommended,223410,16499418,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,-Cocco-,EVE online with Mechs10/10
76561197970724676,Recommended,223410,9915581,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Varrig,"Control interface and large parts of the mechanics of the game resemble Eve Online.  But your in a mech instead of space, and skill training doesn't take real world time.  Has a fairly steep learning curve, but its fairly easy once you get the hang of it."
76561198034940235,Recommended,223410,19402321,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,,"Firstly this game is awesome. Now you most likely want to know why, well I'm going to tell you.Perpetuum gets referred to as being like ""Eve Online"" alot. Well there are similarities but It's not quite the same deal. In Perpetuum you get to costomize the fit of your robot or mech and run around the world doing as you please. Literally you can do whatever you want. You are going to be making the most fun for yourself, there's nothing that guides you through areas like a quest line.Secondly it's a sandbox so having a goal in mind is a good idea although the missions and npc fights are fun. The bread and butter is the pvp which is a high risk/reward system.  There is somewhat of a learning curve but It's not that bad. The amount of freedom and choices you get for customization is enough to keep you interested especially if you like robots and mechs. It's fun experimenting to see what works and doesn't.Next is the Industrial options. I think everything in this game can be made by the players. It's quite in depth and I had to read into it a little but after getting the hang of it, industry is alot of fun. I'm having fun with industry even though I primarily pvp. Gathering materials and kernels to make items, robots and mechs is the simpliest description of industry I can make.  The Market is player driven. Which also gives players options to ""Buy low and sell high"" if you're into making NIC that way. NIC is the in game money.Lastly the community is great and willing to help, just make sure you join the general chat as well as the help! chat. I've already learned alot from the community and there's quite a few corps currently recruiting.  If you like games with depth and appear to be ""more than meets the eye"" this game could be for you. This review has hardly scratched the surface of Perpetuum."
,Recommended,223410,9928066,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,CombatCasualty,"I played a lot in early beta and was excited to see how things have come along but I was severly disappointed in the lack of graphical improvement since then. It's extremely bleak and simple. The gameplay is complex and engrossing and worth playing for but don't expect it to be very pretty. This is a real economy game, everything is made from resources gathered, station markets are independent and almost no products are seeded. Explore, scan, mine, gather, refine, research, build, manufacture, transport, trade, fight. It's all there and done well. A game that can recreate all aspects of a real world and can be played as simply or complex as you desire. Many comparisons to EvE Online are made. As I've spent many years in that game with high level characters I can say similiarities are present but Perpetuum is it's own game with it's own merits and deserves to be recognized as so.I would vastly prefer Perpetuum would they overhaul the graphics, possibly with the funds received from their Steam launch! lol.. It may be what makes the difference in new player retention as well. Now that the subs fee's are gone it's up to selling boost time. Something I plan to do to support this excellent game regardless."
76561198027318760,Recommended,223410,11075384,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,mattadams007,"Very EvE Online like, with the basic appeal on EvE Online but now B2P much like Guild Wars 1 and 2 payment model, so buy once and own it forever. helpful small community and sandbox open maps, player driven economomy in the truest since easy enough to play with a minor leaning curve to get the hang of it.  You can spend the whole day playing or just as easily play it at your own pace with no pressure...  ""HIGHLY RECOMMEND"" now that it's B2P...  keep and eye out for steam sales like I did to purchase but considering how much you get for a single purchase it's still worth it even without a sales price."
76561198146623366,Recommended,223410,27887897,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,HaloValen,"From a player coming from Eve Online to this game, Im diggin it, its more relaxed and alot less stressful, should give it a shot"
,Not Recommended,223410,29315802,Posted: 17 January,all,Mysterymeat,"There is no reason for it to be as complicated as it is.All you need to know is that there's a hundred different screens, tabs and graphs you need to look at. And that there are just as many shortcuts you need to memorize as well.It suffers from a none intuitive interface. A game like this would have been very acceptable in the early 2000's, but honestly, it just falls short to games of todays standards. Making everything feel clunky, and, as I said, more complicated than it really needs to be.If you're a die hard fan of old-styled MMO's, then, perhaps give it a chance for 10$. It might not be that bad for you.However, I tend to judge games by their purchase date, and, as of today, there are just plenty of better games you could buy for your money.TL;DRJust have a look at one singular gameplay video on youtube. It should tell you enough, wether or not you want to buy this for 10$."
,Not Recommended,223410,22623120,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Tigax,"Horrifyingly convoluted process to do anything in this game..Example, to fight something, you need to open your inventory, open your cargo, open your storage, drag each thing in and deploy.  (Not so bad so far).  Now you need to open your poi list, click a guy to kill, wait 10 secs, open your interaction hud, open your gun menu, click the guy, fire a bit, then right click the gun menu, click reload, wait...This is not a game, it's a chore."
76561198059245464,Recommended,223410,12544560,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,,"As you can tell by my ( at the time of writing) 425 hours of game time, i like this game and yes it is alot like eve, but also not sogood things 1. like eve without a subscription2. not hard to understand once you get the basics3. faster pased then eve4. HELP chat is actually helpfulbad things1. its alot like eve2. the UI can be a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥3. the little things that you find ( here the main one i get is getting out of the station and not haveing the bot you just spent 5 minuts fitting activated)4. small ammount of robots can give a small selection to choose from9/10 would recomendedit at 650 hours played, pvp is fun when it isnt one sided. all you have to do is find some friends and go have fun. NSE FTW"
,Recommended,223410,17095683,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,stig atle,"I bought the game when it was on sale, the trailer looked good, and since I've been playing EVE online and such then I figured this was a game that fit me. And it surely is.I really like the way the user interface is designed, it's very clean and easy to understand, not too fancy but not to dull either, it's doing exactly what it's supposed to do - give you the info you need fast.The music is also something I really like, for once I do not have to mute the music, it's a bit psytrance\ambient inspired, and works very well with the game.The graphics is good, I really like it, and since it's a MMO it's that kind of style on the graphics, all though in this game I'd say its better then what I expected. Lot's of nice little effects on the different machines.The tutorial is great for new players (me included), it goes through everything step-by-step, so when you run through it you get to know everything about the game to get you started.The good part is that you can also skip it if you want to.One of the most positive (and surprising) things about this game is that you pay once, nothing more.The type of missions you can do range from mining to transport, fighting to exploring, so you can always take on different types of missions.Now - heres the small negatives:(Keep in mind I do not expect this to be 'fixed' in any way, it's just my thoughts)Environment feels a bit static, by that I mean the foilage and such.No creatures roams the landscape, it's pretty 'dead'.Big world, realively few other players (depends on what you do), I mostly do transport, so i do not encounter many others yet.No native linux version (I personally prefer linux games on steam).But these small things does not impact the positives for the games.You like MMO's, sandbox scifi games? Then this game is worth it for sure."
76561198011027312,Recommended,223410,16900017,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,,"Impressive, good, HARD.... Mind Explosive, but very pretty and addictive game!!!If your  need Hard and Strong  games  with HARD rules - you need  This GAMEMess with the best — die like the rest."
76561197995602213,Recommended,223410,19368155,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,,"OK so there I am reading an EVE post about a major merc contract / Heist and in the comments one poster mentions eve online but with robots replacing spaceships....so being an EVE player for a number of years I am now interested.I jump on steam and I am pleased to see black friday is in full swing and I get Perpetuum for £6-00 now thats a great start.I do the tutorials (4 sections) then I pick my race do the avatar thing and make my character.now I have 3 robots to play with couple of lights and an assault.I jump into general chat and ask for a few tips and am instantly given some options from the player base which I thought  was a big plus for the game.I get a PM and im being invited to join a large corp who are doing all aspects of the game from pvp-pve-indy stuff so i join up, get given TS info and where the corp base from and im off teleporting around islands to meet up with my new corp.the market is very eve like there is quite a bit to learn eve style also with regards to skills and robot roles and robot fits etccorp starts a pvp op  I squad up then proceed to get lost ^^ didnt even get into the fight but corp still threw me 1mill NIC for joining the op \o/so this is the first couple of hours and im in a corp I have 1 mill NIC a home base.I think I am going to enjoy this game the more I play, the player base is small at the moment but I think this is going to change as more people join the fun.I would recommend this game it does what it intends MMO sandbox with robots as your mode."
76561198101234890,Recommended,223410,19348871,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Hit,EVE Online with giant robots and without monthly fees.Only con is it will be better with more players. Anyway the economy is awesome in this game.
76561198052367844,Recommended,223410,19814333,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,,"Very early viewpoint from a new user -Like has been said before, this game does borrow ALOT from EVE, which I played for nearly a year and probably understood about 25% of the game.  The two games are very similar in both pros and cons.  The depth and possibilities are fantastic but its a steep learning curve.  The basics are easy to master, so its quick to dive in, but more advanced combat can be difficult to grasp for new people, and the bigger global territorial pvp aspect is nearly impossible to really understand without help.  Luckily it seems to have a very helpful, if small, playerbase that seem to be mature and friendly.   The one time cost with no monthly fees makes it definately worth a shot.  I'd recommend you try."
76561198173445901,Recommended,223410,16811007,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Ridgeback,"There is a staggering amount of things to do in this game. It does have much in common with EVE in that it is highly windowed, but it also has some nice features that EVE is lacking, such as the ability to actually control combat (use cover, etc) and the ability to make changes to the world itself. The learning curve is steep, like EVE, but if you enjoyed that game, and have ever wondered how cool it would have been to have gotten in on the ground floor of a game like that before everyone else had an account 10 years older than yours, then come play this one. While it is early access, it's already 50 times more polished than EVE was when it was much older than this."
76561198000447793,Recommended,223410,19370744,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,☼Reapist☼,"I haven't gotten very far into the game so this is just my first impression. Already, I would say that the particular gameplay style will appeal moreso to those who are familiar with that of EVE Online. This could be both a good thing and a bad thing depending on what your experience was with EVE as the gameplay is quite comparable.The learning curve difficulty also exists if you are not familiar and/or used to navigation of heavy use of menus and other UI.At this point, I am still playing in the early stages, but so far, as a long time EVE player, I'm enjoying my experience."
76561198110053573,Recommended,223410,16814701,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,rconk27857,"Only played for a few hours so far, but it is similar to EVE which i really enjoyed. I finally gave up on eve because of the empire ganking and all that was related to that. This game is a blend of EVE and SWG style of play where you can choose to PVP or not. So far I feel this game has the aspects that i am looking for."
76561198007326308,Recommended,223410,19340637,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,,"Where to begin as many people have said this is like eve the set-up and layout to the way you pilot the mechs is nearly the same.So down to what I think, as normally I don’t write reviews but this is worth one as it is a game that has gone under the radar for most, me included.My cons are greater than my pro list. But there not gaming breaking con’s more a wish list on how somethings I feel should work or could be improved a little but there current state does not ruin the game for me.Pro:Quick and easier to pick-up the mechanics are easy if you have played eve before.Good intro guide in part for new players to get there head around the game before jumping in, see con for bad part of guide.Dev’s are in-game helping people.Con:UI needs to be update for example Landmarks windows needs to let you break it down in to other windows like for missions only items or for drones only this would be of great benefit for pve and pvp.No way to skip training guide it seems and it can get boring if you just want to get in and play felt very long and could get boring for someone who has played a lot of mmo before. However as stated as a pro it is good for someone who has never played this type of game before.(Edit the above can be skipped  by going to the teleporter it turns out but right away. This should however needs to be made clear for players who are bored with the training.)They do not explain extensions very well in training or what you would need to get started properly, maybe they should offer templates after finishing the training area for what you would like to specialize in. For example a bounty hunter template will give you the basics for pvp\pve Template or a harvesting\mining Template and so on as this took a bit of time to read what I needed to get the most out of a basic pve setup.World feels a bit empty not player wise but Npc\AI bots wiseHate having to keep going back for quests one at a time and would like to take 5 combat quests at a time and just go out and do them instead of only being able to take one level 2 combat quest.Need more mech’s to choose from feels very limited on the choice of what to go in to battle with?Overall great game and worth the money and from reading the forums and seeing new and old screen shots of the game the dev’s are continuing to improve the game making it better."
76561197976963266,Recommended,223410,17072069,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Krystara43,So im going to start off by saying i have never been able to get into Eve online  and i almost didnt buy this because of so many comparisons made to eve online  now that said i never felt Eve was a bad game it was just one i didnt enjoy.but after spending a couple of hours  i find this is a decent way to unwind after several hours of writing codemy biggest issue with Eve Online was is combat system which felt like i was clicking and waitingcombat in perpetuum is somewhat eve like in which you are are waiting for  weapons lock as well as weapons to cycle before they can fire again but unlike Eve i never felt like i was waiting for them to be active to click them again... because you can continue moving around via wasd  so you can do things like duck behind cover while you weapons cycle up  and then pop out  to fire  so it feel more strategic  and less of a  game of waiting.i have yet to delve to deeply into the crafting and research systems but the look fairly standard for scifi  type gamesso far the game is good  and im enjoying my purchase
76561198008652659,Recommended,223410,18353398,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,sadmomo,"So i own this game for about 2 dayss now and i gotta say it´s awesome! You can play it any way you like, PVE, PVP, just raising up your mining corp. or trading business. Even though it´s called an indie game it has some really ambitious developers working on it´s progress. The trading system works great and the skill system is well balanced, so you don´t have lesser chances because you are not into pvp stuff. I made 10.000.000 credits in the first 24 hours by mining, producing and trading without being in a big corporation. You don´t need any fees or in game currency to develop and i reallly encourage you to try this game. Takes about an hour or two to get into the mechanics, but once you´ve been through that it´s definately getting addictive ;-)"
76561198006250833,Recommended,223410,19848505,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,dev_boy,"Eve-online but with mechs is the best way to describe this games controls.  However it does lack alot of the depth and playerbase when compared to eve.  The lack of player base is a big issue as the PVE get boring and repedative quite quickly, but they are trying to address these issues now.The game has never fully grabbed me and kept me for more than a month or so but I still enjoy playing every now and again and now its a pay once game thats not really too much of an issue.I hear the price is going to be dropping, and for £10 you gotta give it a go, even if it only grabs you for a month or so you've got more than you moneys worth."
,Recommended,223410,16905498,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Chiquita,"Other reviewers have likened this game to EVE Online, and they're all pretty spot on. The UI, market, combat, crafting, are all very heavily taken from EVE [which is a good thing]. The difference in Perpetuum's ""time based skill system"" is that you're a number of Extension Points (skill points) each day which add to your pool instead of selecting a single ability and waiting X number of days/hours.Pay attention to the tutorial, and find yourself a good corp or some friends to work with.If you can manage those two, you'll be set."
76561197963712075,Recommended,223410,16646265,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Traiel,"First review....Came across this game in the steam sale. It is EvE with robots... its a little bit simpler than EvE, and the tutorial system is very helpful to really give a feel for the game and lead you through all aspects of the game necessary. It is obviously lower budget / update iterations than EvE as its main comparison.The biggest difference though is terrain.. there is a lot of terrain which makes the battlefield a lot more dynamic which is an interesting addition.I have found the community to be very helpful and found a corporation which has fully outfitted and looked out for me. I have spent my EP well and can fit quite a few things out of the gate.. although not terribly well :PThe biggest minus to this game is that the economy is very immature, in that there is little demand on the market, and little selling due to the low population. Bigger population would be the fix for that, or maybe centralising the market into 1 market to stimulate as a temporary fix.With no economy there is no real need to mine/sell/haul except that it is the only realistic way to keep yourself robotted up, but if you are in a corp then they probably have resources to look after all that... so it seems like once you have skills to play a role in PvP / PvE, then you can support the corp and have no real need for your own in game wallet."
76561198167849004,Recommended,223410,17024840,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,,"Only playing for one day but been an EVE fan for long this game is perfect for me. all EVE features but with a better control on robot and more intuitive combat.  one word this game is awesome.A game you must play, game still early but no doubt in few years will be big."
76561198021657255,Recommended,223410,20095373,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,dutchelms,Only just started this game but feel that its has alot of potential.
76561198018679592,Recommended,223410,16654274,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Slumlord,GOOD GAMEvery hard to start out but the rookie check list was very helpful. about to get my first new mech cant wait. If you like EVE you will like this.
76561198047855560,Recommended,223410,17739683,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,crimson blade 2,"for you like your robots and complex industry, PVP,PVE,crews-squrd-clans and a player controled economy and going around killing thing with your friends then i say give it ago.but it hard to get use to but when you do it easy.  I do recommend playing with friends"
76561198014696589,Recommended,223410,19320483,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,666bloodynex666,"I've played for about 4 hours and so far Perpetuum is pretty fun. The tutorial sequence seems to drag on, perhaps the robot category introductions could have been condensed, but otherwise it's understandable given the amount of information there is to cover. Entering the world and doing missions is nice, especially since doing a particular type and level of mission a lot will increase the rewards for that type and level of mission.My one gripe is with the time-based upgrade currency it uses, Extension Points. According to the tutorial, these points are only accumulated once per day as long as the player is logged in once per three days. While it's nice that people who can't play much can still advance, I think it holds back players who are actually playing and doing things in the game world. Perhaps the research system is the balance to that, but I haven't had much opportunity to play with that (and I blew all my starter EP on unlocking robot categories and improving reactor and accumulation capacities)."
,Recommended,223410,16863666,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Fait,Interesting game. Kinda like EVE Online but with robots. Lots of room to improve and expand the game if thats the goal of the dev team.
76561197979478059,Recommended,223410,17127766,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Krazydinger,"This is one for my few reviews on steam that i felt was needed. I have been trying to find a game like eve online for months now. I soon realized i already had it! Perpetuum has a small steam following, but a large population of people who purchased the game outside of steam. Building up your little bots, upgrading to Mechs to rock other pvp players, or just doing combat missions with a friend is a blast. Be warned, the tutorial is slow, but is needed to earn the important mechanics to play the game. Once you're through the tutorial, your off to the races!Here's one of the best guides i've found:http://forums.perpetuum-online.com/topic/4736/zortargs-guide-to-perpetuum/"
76561198004319603,Recommended,223410,16972284,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Hooch,"I'm hooked! I've just finished the training and struck out to make my mark on Nia. Somehow four hours have disappeared. This game is deep with years of potential enjoyment, all at the best price too - no subscription fee.The developers seem genuinely engaged and keen to build on what they already have. I can't wait to see where it goes."
76561197971101385,Recommended,223410,19308421,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,slosh9956,"Self-starter type of game.  If a player is looking for green arrows to tell them where to go and what to do, this isn't the game for them; however, if they like to research or theory crafting, setting goals, running basic missions, and near infinite customization of the bots you'll be piloting, then it will be challenging and rewarding.Time-based skill leveling (regardless of logging in) rewards long-time players and has a tendency to off-put new players.  The development team off-sets this by giving new players a cache of skill points to use to get started.  Resetting the points require cash-shop credits, so one should research what they want to do in-game first.  The tutorial gives a great range of options of what a player can do.Official information sites need to be solidified: the official wiki is broken(http://wiki.perpetuum-online.com/index.php/Main_Page), the twitter page wasn't updated for the last hot patch, server status page wasn't updated for the last update or hotpatch(http://www.perpetuum-online.com/System:Server_status).  The best place to find information is the official forums where Dev_Zoom tries to keep people updated.Many of the information sites and tools on this game are now broken links or outdated from updates/patches.  A greater player-base would help with hobby sites containing information, e.g. Perpetuum planner or Profit Reloaded.One last FYI, a large part of this game is based around PVP and the population typically isn't forthcoming with ""trade secrets"" like robot builds, money makers, etc.  A more healthy Alpha island population, with little interest in Beta/Gamma island politics, would help players get started on successful assignment completion."
76561198104956145,Recommended,223410,20075736,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Wyreweed,"Even though I only have 25 hours of play time so far in Perpetuum, I can say it feels like the game I have been looking for for a long time. It has it all, pvp, pve, crafting, a player controlled market, a very good community feel, and a wonderful look to the graphics. If you have played EVE you will get a feel for how this game works straight away, but being a bittervet is NOT a requirement to enjoy Perpetuum! There is crafting, a deep and complex system I have not even scratched the surface of, and resource gathering is interactive and absorbing. The combat is also something I am only just getting into - I have been focussing so far on gathering - but it feels and looks rewarding and fun. The ""levelling"" here is aka EVE too, you assign points to ""Extensions"" to boost various attributes or parts of your robot (did I say you are a consciousness controlling a robot via a miniature wormhole? Very cool premise to this game!), but in this game you accrue Extension Points daily, and assign as you want. This is a pvp sandbox, so combat in certain zones is inevitable if not mandatory, but I am looking forward to it:) This game has a lot of similarities to EVE, but it is not EVE, it is it's only animal and stands apart from its more well known Icelandic relative. The dev team here seem friendly, and the small but dedicated fan base certainly are friendly and helpful. You do not need to buy the upgrades, but it will give you a leg up in terms of EPs, however due to the nature of EP accrual, new players will catch up with veterans soon enough. This is a game where the long view of things is needed, but honestly that is a good thing in this day of ""rush to the end game and move on"" gaming. I really do urge you to get this game - B2P and worth it even if you miss one of the frequent sales. Hope to see you soon on Nia!"
,Recommended,223410,10411002,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,eee,Comparing this game to EVE is like comparing League of Legends to Smite.
76561197990908468,Recommended,223410,16658525,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,SVD,"My first impression of this game is that it looks like EVE online.For me, that's allright, because I liked Eve.The big difference with Eve, is that you control robots, instead of spaceships.That's a nice change of looks, and you have a lot more control of movement at your disposal.A big pro to this game is that it has no subscription based system ( any more ).A negative could be the outdated graphics, but that doesn't really bother me.If I want to play a game with amazing graphics, I'll play the witcher 3 or something alike.In this game, the mechanics are what's pulling me in the game.I do like fitting my robots, like I did with Eve's spaceships.I understand the Assignments (quests ) part of the game did get a complete overhaul in one ofthe latest patches.While I haven't done very much assignments yet, the combat ones that I did weren't too hard at tier 0,but at tier 1, with a newbie robot, they are fun and challenging.I am still exploring the other aspects of the game, while mining and combatting npc's.I haven't seen a lot of the community till now, but the ones I did see, where really helpfullif you ask them something.I m gonna try out the production part next.hope to see you all ingame!"
,Recommended,223410,19852279,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Asphyxiantologist,"Borderline positive review, I think the game has a lot of potential. A lot of small details are really annoying and I'm wondering why the devs are not ironing these out since it will improve the game drasticly in my opinion. Like the character creation models feels like I'm playing a game back in the 90's seeing how outdated they are. The UI customization are really annoying specially if you are playing 1440p or 4k resolution, Its almost impossible to read those small texts even with large text enabled it still so damn small. Even though I mentioned way more negative than possitive in this review, I really think these are issues that can easily be dealt with if devs are actually willing to listen to their playerbase."
76561198103706343,Recommended,223410,20322054,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,elsimate,Had experience with Perpetuum couple years ago and decided to return back. First impressions are that they improved tutorial alot and made the start easyer for newcomers. If you liked EVE and like robots you should try this game
76561198031545299,Recommended,223410,16944325,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,sulerian,"Started Perpetuum a couple days ago and really like it.I've been playing MMO's for the better part of 2 decades,and haven't found a game i thought worth committing myself to since WOW and Eve-Online.Perpetuum is definitely worth trying out!"
76561197961214152,Recommended,223410,20166421,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Moobs,"I just started playing and this game is definitely taking me back to the days when I played EVE Online. There appears to be quite a bit of overlap between the two games, with the exception of being a mech on the planet Nia.If you have enjoyed playing EVE find the time to check Perpetuum out."
,Recommended,223410,20146377,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Neo160,"I've been itching to get into this game for quite some time. but there were two major issues at that time:1. Price: 30$ may not seem like alot. but it's alot when the reported playerbase is quite small. no one wants to pay 30$ to test the waters and find a dead world.2. Playerbase: the reported levels of activity have been low. really low.After the Winter sale, Perpetuum went through a price restucture. NOT a price drop, a restructure. if you pay 30$ now, you will get the same starting bonuses, premium currency, as would have before. but now the barrier of entry is much lower. want to get into a game as deep as Eve online mechanically, but aren't too sure about it? getting in is a mere 10$ usd, plenty low for me to jump in and check things out.I'm an old eve player, so there is some bias there. if you've never played eve, then BOY OH BOY LEARNING CURVE OF DEATH.If you have played eve, but left due to the pricey subscription, and was annoyed with the skill system, then this game is for you. the user interface is a carbon copy. down to the market system, character profiles, man even character creation looks like pre 2011 eve online.  that may not be for everyone, it's a little more noob friendly than eve, but the nostalgia factor is strong. the gameplay, and combat system is pretty much exxactly eve online.But neo! these aren't space ships! how can they be so similar?you target enemies the same way.you cycle weapons (and reload them), the same way.you loot the same sorts of things.you use the same module systems, power grids, power management.this game is essentially mechwarrior and eve had a secret affair and this is the result. you may hate it for the learning curve and pace of gameplay. or you may absolutely LOVE IT TO DEATH for it's deep, intricate gameplay mechanics.it's as deep and rewardingly intelligent as EVE online. It's also just as brutal, can be just as tedious, and just as fustrating.if you left EVE online for good, but reminisce about old friendships, corporate antics, political upheavals, and personal stories, then you NEED to give Perpetuum a chance. it feels just like home, at a fraction of the price.the only major flaw is the size of the playerbase, and that's both the fault of the gaming community at large, and lack of advertisement by the developers.for players who don't even know what EVE online is; this game has an hour long tutorial, and you'll need to absorb every last bit of it. skip it and you WILL have a bad experience. this game is not for casual players, but it can casual be at times if you want it to be. it's a very, VERY deeply crafted system with industrial mechanics, mining, marketing (at a low point atm only because the player base is small), and excellent pvp.If you don't want to risk 10 USD to give the game a try, then watch plenty of videos on starting out on EVE online. it may look totally different, but all the core mechanics and ingame menu's, as well as ship equipment systems are identical. if you don't see yourself playing eve online, then this isn't probably for you. if you're interested in EVE online but balk at the price tag, give this baby a try, and you'll know whether you'll like eve online.FINAL SCORE (scored higher due to personal bias and experience in EVE online):Eve light (as in dirt cheap, seriously. it's practically f2p up in here)6.5/10 needs playersassuming playerbase doubles or triples, or amount of players a non issue:  9/10 Old eve farts welcome any time.needs more mech variety. eve has a countless number of ships. this game only has about 25-30 or so mechs, which tbh really isn't that many considering internal game mechanics. there are 4 factions that split mech's across combat system styles, laser, missile, or firearms. and then those mechs are split into 4 size groups, light, assault, medium, and heavy. that means there are only 1 to 2 mechs per faction and size class, with alternate advanced versions of each."
,Recommended,223410,9994848,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Sidd Vicious(VR),"excellent game engine, fun to learn"
76561197965543016,Recommended,223410,16725963,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Scout,"I've only been on a week ... and I'm hooked.  Complex research, prodcuction, mining, and harvesting.  Or you can just load for bear and go on rampages to clear out NPCs for loot that you can reverse engineer, recycle, or sell.  I've only scratched the surface in PVE and am looking forward to PVP.  Playerbase is small but friendly.  I've been invited to several corporations and just joined my first.  Can't wait to improve my skills and more.  So fun!Does need a ""emty equipment bay"" option on robots.  Right now you can pull item by item or completely strip your bot."
,Recommended,223410,16744545,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Nikol Naeblis Grall,"Do you like robots? Do you like EVE? Do you not want a monthly sub? Well then come join us in Perpetuum.Pros:1. Well done, and still being tweaked assignment/mission system.2. In depth crafting and gathering system, far more engaging than the aforementioned game.3. One time cost with premium perks available.4. Helpful communityCons:1. Worlds worst tutorial, thank goodness for the community and help chat.2. Playerbase badly needs expanded. Please come join!All in all this is a well designed alternative to that other game which will provide many hours of entertainment. The mixed reviews may or may not be fair, but if you expect a completely open world, completely open ended game play, this is it."
76561198029072853,Recommended,223410,20040190,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,nesohC,To keep it short..Is it a 30E game? at this state... NOIs it a 7.5E game? SURECompared to eve-online+ No monthly subscription+ movement control+ Misions- less complex and fewer options- lower population (but growing)
76561198054509708,Recommended,223410,20067588,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,IQtheDragon,"Only been playing a while, but as an old EVE player, everything feels comfortable and the learning curve is not that steep.If you liked EVE and you like Mechs, this is the game for you. I love the terrain aspect where you can use cover in battle. Go ahead, just get the game!"
,Recommended,223410,20955211,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,EyeOfRa,"Excellent game.Im really enjoying playing.Huge depth of gameplay,10/10 One of the best games i have ever played."
76561197970966103,Recommended,223410,17171194,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Dunkelzahn,"Love the open-sandbox aspect of the game.  Do what you want to do with no real direction.  The tutorial will teach you the basics, and I do mean the basics.  The community seems helpful so far, and it has yet to become the toxic environment you see in other MMOs.  There is a high learning curve when it comes to manufacturing, but a game that makes you think is a welcome change from most of the stuff out there.If you like not being told what to do, enjoy PvP, or just want to learn a new way to craft, then come give it a try."
,Recommended,223410,20266693,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,DearlyDie,"I've been keeping a close eye on this game for the past couple of months, as I took an eager interest into the MMORPG aspect being combined with mechs - a deep passion of mine. Needless to say, as the Christmas sale came on and the price dropped, I grabbed myself a copy.My first impressions is that the game is very intimidating, there's so many aspects to the game - from being careful in what skills (extensions) you purchase out of the hundreds to use robots and get an edge in combat, to simply purchased ammunition or robots, as the price of them fluctuates from area to area.However, the community in this game is amazing, and the tutorial makes the game much easier to understand. I have had no issues playing the game so far with the outstanding support I've recieved in chat for any of my questions (no matter how noob-y they sounded).Overall, I'm very satisfied with this game and look forward to playing many more hours."
76561198135820570,Recommended,223410,15202512,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,witcher2337,"It is a sort of game, if you like it... you leave it, hate it...but you always return back.P.S: EVE fans should definetely give it a try!"
76561198022728143,Recommended,223410,16693499,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,goldenwolf11111,Im an 8 year Eve online vet and needed a brake. i found perpetuum and it a nice change of pace. it still rough and needs work but it ok to dabble with.
,Recommended,223410,17760577,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Noneatme,This game has potential but I have absolutely no Idea how to play this game.7/10 would play again.
,Recommended,223410,15340011,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Norrox,"If you enjoy eve online, then this game is for you."
,Recommended,223410,20597748,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,quite_,"WARNING: THis game requires a large sum of time and effort. If you don't like waiting for a few days then this is not your game!I loved this game. I still love this game. Its robot warfare with mre than 1 mechanic to it like in some games. I love the community, although they are a touch childish at times, its a well knit communitty that enjoys a good fight and a good troll on fourms and killboards. 8/10"
76561198007146907,Recommended,223410,20854191,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Micmac,"Like the game,going back to it,at start needed more work,but now it got some improvements. A+"
,Recommended,223410,14906521,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,EiEiO,Great game.Fun.Lots of Mechs to kill stuff.Make your own base on the pvp islands.
,Recommended,223410,20364151,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Beef Turnmail,Like EVE online only less faffing about with subscriptions and more robots
76561198006605378,Recommended,223410,17145876,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Dreadburn,"First impressions of the game:Coming from a RPG gaming background this is a total change for me.    Once the introduction was done and megacorp chosen , entering the world and not having the faintest clue what to do was actually quite fun :)Once I figured out how to start assignments I'm starting to get a hang of it ( a little bit ).Only having played a couple of hours I can't give an in-depth review, but so far it's well worth the money  taking me well out of my gaming comfort zone and making me have to use my brain for a change.Would i recommend it? So far yes"
,Recommended,223410,20315760,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,fedmage,pleasantly familiar
76561198114946083,Recommended,223410,19411946,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,aberun,I always missed the control of action in EVE but here you can use terain to your advantage !!! even if the mechanics is similar to EVEs but it has its own tricks and twists. so far comunity was friendly. Still have many things to learn and discover but so far it is entertaining and fun. Recomended to mech lovers and ex Eve pilots
76561197970736846,Recommended,223410,20262120,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,i_dc_i,"If you enjoy Eve Online, you will enjoy PerpetuumIt has the best EVE game mechanics:-Weapons with different energy consumptions and ranges-Factions with specific armor resistance profiles (along with hardeners for damage resists)-A Player based economy with resource gathering at its base-Passive character progression-Intricate fitting to balance dps, tank, cpu and shield consumption, and e-war-Scanning for artifacts, and looking for elite npcs that drop high end modules-PvP on both a small and large (though not EVE 2k vs 2k, though I cant say I ever enjoyed those)It is however not as polished off as Eve online especially in atmosphere and the smaller touches. The exploration is also not quite as intricate as EVE online's latest updates. There is also a much smaller selection of Bots, though they have higher tech variants.That said it is a lot faster than eve online. You dont go into a mission and then treck for 4 minutes to the next jump gate. The mission waypoints are a bit closer and you actually travel the map area, not a locked away bubble made just for the mission.I'd deffinately recommend it to anyone looking for break from EVE or simply an alternative with less pressure to play as there is no monthly sub.If you'd like an idea of jsut how much it is like eve, google ""Zortargs guide to perpetuum"" for a bunch of info sheets on game mechanics."
76561198041150422,Recommended,223410,20413298,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Trollitar,"Short version - it's EVE Online on the ground with robots instead of spaceships.  If you like EVE, you should like this game.With that said, unlike EVE, there's no interdictors waiting for you after you change maps, so that's a definate plus.  You also get several seconds of immunity during map changes until you move your robot or activate a system.  There's no montlhly fee, but you can get 1.5x skill points per day if you decide it's worth it.  If you don't, as long as you log in to one of your characters once every three days, you still get your points.  Userbase seems small because most players aren't on any of the general chats, and mainly stick to their own corperation chat.  The people that are, though, are generally helpful and accomidating to noobs.   The tutorial is long, but answers most questions new players should have, plus you get some free stuff from doing all of it.  What corp you pick at the start determines your starting location and what bots you get from the tutorial, if you did it.There are a few things that might put you off to the game.  Such as it's similar to EVE Online.  Which means that the same targeting system is in as well.  Spend several seconds for a lock, then pray to the RNG gods that your attack hits.  I've had missiles somehow land well behind and to the right of the target, despite both robots standing still on a flat terrain.  The graphics sorely need an update.  Yes, it will run on a toaster, but for people who have bought a video card within the past couple years, the game could look so much better.  Even a few tweaks like having the sun position update more than once every few hours, and have fog roll in and out of an area instead of suddenly on or off would help greatly."
76561197971005060,Recommended,223410,17583107,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Просто По,The game is ok. But the huge gap between newplayers and old players multiplied by time based skill system kills all the fun.   Most players have 2+ acc so it is a small playground not really made for newcomers. The game is still in constant devolopment so it might become better in the future or not.  If you are interested in a corporation stuff maybe you will like it...after a year.
,Recommended,223410,20156733,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Rygaku,If you love eve online and how complex it is well this game is up your alley then.Great game good controls easy to learn and pick up and also great crafting. There is a lotto learn and the beginner missions are easy enough to do to help you learn the basics.The graphics are good for a game that was pay to play a few years back but overall itit doesn't take back from the experience. overall the game has been  out for yearsi would  have expected much more mechs and other types of  robots maybe i haven'tlooked hard enough. The game is fun and peaceful to play also when you get injoin a corp PVP is fun.
,Recommended,223410,20197579,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Errickfoxy,"-- The Pepsi to EVE Online's Coke --Have you ever played EVE Online?  Then you'll immediately recognize this game.  This is not a bad thoing though.  What I like is the lack of monthly subscription, so if you liked EVE and wanted to be a more casual or passive player but were discouraged by paying for it monthly, this could be for you.I can't personally speak for the PvP, though, since I'm definitely the mining/harvesting sort, but I can say I'm happy with the gathering mechanics at least."
76561197974570975,Recommended,223410,12060455,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,[TBR]ScottyB,This game is honestly great. Sadly as of now there arent alot of robots to chosse from but they are a good little bunch to have.The player base is nice and helpful and the gamma islands will be relased soon. More then likely brining back almost all the player pop back cause from what ive been told that is what everyone is waiting for.The gameplay is great even tho the missions can get a little repetative but combat system is great with a decent cover based system.You can use the landscape to your advantage in combat to either help you or to kill you.I highly reconmmend this game as if you were into games like EvE online this game is fantastic for you.
76561198142400892,Recommended,223410,16554373,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,AngerHUN,Highly recommend ! Fun and sufficiently complicated.
76561198026606264,Recommended,223410,21055545,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Chrispin,"One of the only two hard-core MMOs on the market today (the other is Eve). If you are bored from how soft-core/casual all MMOs have become lately and you miss WoW vanilla, Lineage2  vanilla, AION vanilla, etc. I think Perpetuum is right for you. Yes, it is a different lore and play style, but nevertheless a very good hard-core MMO with great community."
76561198116479134,Recommended,223410,10017781,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,freemindpower3,"Finally i can put my loooonng awaited  search to rest when i say i found the game ,the cousin, the second cousin, brother, sister, zombie child, premature birth hybrid child .....of EVE ONLINE in the sense of an awsome locking  gameplay and the sooooo much to do . the aura , the ambient music and the feel of progress is awe  MOST IMPORTANTLY THE COMMUNITY  my corp and the whole social aspect of it is...... YEEEESSSS ......i LOOOOVE IT AND HIGHLY HIGHLY RECOMENDED :)"
,Recommended,223410,10905271,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,pvt_tomato,"EvE Online with Mechs, what more could you ask for?"
76561197966251203,Recommended,223410,16910772,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Deo,"Though I am a fan of this game, i'm not fond of the economy system. If you're a freelancer you're screwed if you want to mine and manufacture and make your own $$$. The private corporation marketing system basically screws the whole thing up forcing you to join a corporation to really make a decent buck. Or any buck in my case. I was selling in the New Virginia and Hershfield areas, just basic ammo and raw materials speficifally targeting the newer players joining the game. Fundamental things everyone always needs and yet nothing was selling. An example for those who would defend against this point. Conversly, there may not be that many active freelancers who would contribute to that market. I can't say...I still recommend this game in hope that an increase in population will occur and maybe solve this problem. It does still have potential."
,Recommended,223410,19960352,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Stryfe,"This game is solid.  Its EVE Online with big stompy robots, what's not to like?  Getting used to the interface is pretty easy if you have played EVE, it is very similar.  Adding this game to steam and lowering the price has caused a population boom, which is very welcome.All in all, a  very fun, and very futuristic game that reminds me of the Sci-Fi novel Great Sky River in a lot of ways.I wish they would develop the back story and fiction further, however, the concept is pretty solid."
76561198086239318,Recommended,223410,16684950,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,jerometheodore,"The game is easy to get started in.  I love the ""SANDBOX"" game play, and the ""Player Controlled Economy"" is wonderful.  The game plays very similar to EVE Online."
76561198006593625,Recommended,223410,16783218,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Eenor5000,"Very enjoyable, group oriented game. The crafting system is much deeper than comparable games. There aren't many players on so the player driven economy is a little lacking at the moment, but overall a very enjoyable experience."
76561198050010207,Recommended,223410,20192274,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Mortal Wombat,"if you like Eve, but dont like monthly payments, this is the game for you (basically, eve on legs).+ very friendly, helpful community+ open, sandbox world where you can do whatever you want to - do PvE missions, PvP, build bases, search for artefacts,...+ robots and mechs, hell yea! :)- the robots/mechs for all 3 factions do look very similar, and i dont really like the looks of any of them :( in Eve you can immediately tell which ship belongs to which faction, here you can tell by the colour, but they all look so similar... :(- missions are quite repetitive, for instance there are 3 kinds of combat missions. would be nice to have 5 at least, the more the merrier!- graphics is quite outdated...- the player base is quite small, this game needs (and deserves) more players!"
,Recommended,223410,18248169,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,evilgoodness,it feels alot like what eve would be if it were with robots on an island. i think in time it could be a great game although some of the tutorials and a bit of the market system and such is a bit of a steeep learning curve.i recommend this but i didnt see any pvp or other players to be honest.
76561198044035661,Recommended,223410,19424440,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Zioniaus,"Perpetuum in my eyes is a perculiarly interesting game, I've played some EVE online and definetely see the similarities that some people make, but to be completely honest, I much prefer Perpetuum, it's a little bit simpler, whilst still being very involving and fun."
76561198149529726,Recommended,223410,29915233,Posted: 13 February,all,bmoreprince60,Really suprised at how technically advance this game is. Feel like everything about this game just constantly pushes how we think of mechs. Talk about beyond it's time.
76561198052718011,Recommended,223410,16395635,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Gotharic,"This game is been one of my top 5 MMO's ever.  IF you like sandbox games, open PvP, base building, resource gathering without any part of the game dictating your timelines as well as time based training, then this is the game for you.  I have 12 accounts on this game and have been playing since 2010.  I love it, please play and support this growing game so we can get a larger player base and more development!SunnyJesterCEO of NSE"
,Recommended,223410,17854985,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Adanxx,"Steep Learning Curve but Expected in a game this Complicated. This game is an Amazing Sandbox for Playing with and building Mechs. Open world, PvP, PvE, Industry, Artifact Scanning, player owned bases, Mining, Harvesting,  and ALOT more im not mentioning. Reccomended for Anyone that found ANY enjoyment in playing EVE Online, as the 2 games are very similar in alot of ways. Again, Great Game and Hope to see some new Faces :)"
,Recommended,223410,19956632,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Dreezel,Fun and Relaxing gameI Enjoy this game its fun witha  lil grind and at the same time the grind is relaxing no hard rush ecttutorial was a lil hard but fast understanable to have a smoother gameplaylike the Skillpoint system so you are not forced to grind over and over to become beter you just have to log in dailyFun and Good game
76561198232724552,Recommended,223410,17124776,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,i.SpaceJawa,"Excellent Game, wish I had found this long ago! Things Id like to see in the game future, 1. Lites! lites would be so sweet to see all the little bots performing tasks at night, and would create some sweet shadows. More physical customization to the equipt robots. Banners, graphics, Component colors. A repair side kick, little guy, pet if you will, collectible. Maybe a texture overhaul, and lastly LOT LOTS LOTS more players so come on! Try it out!I will say this to potential new players, please be very patient, I almost gave up on it. The tutorial is quite long but you get basic knowledge that you NEED to have to scratch the surface. I did the tutorial twice on a second Character, everything was much easier second time. Also you get some excellent rewards including Robots! Next I decided I would just run around and Mine, Harvest, Explore to start out. I got very frustrated trying to figure out my modules, scanners, locations etc. (This is why I did tutorial again) but my point is don't be afraid to get some guns on and run around and kill stuff, the initial robot is replaceable, make sure you choose a home terminal for it, and have insurance if your taking out one of the upgraded robots. Keep in mind that all your Extensions (upgrades) remain across the board for future robots so don't get to caught up in what your next robot will be because you wont start over with that at least. Only second day but hope this helps you to decide to try it out, its pretty sweet."
76561198044761780,Recommended,223410,17146151,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,asthma.war,"I just installed this game yesterday and played a little and I want to write my first impressions of the game. I love it! :)I was scared that I would not understand anything the game being compared to Eve a lot of times, but the tutorial is very nicely made and it covers all the points of the game. So now I am just very little lost after being teleported to main game from the tutorial island. I know how to mine and refine end even manufacture, the missions are easy when you take the first ones. The travel mission was a little bit frustrating as it is hard to find the corect path between the travel points, but I liked it more like this as it is not boring just going from one place to another in a straight line.I did not yet explore but the surroundings of the terminal I was teleported to and caanot say much of the depth of the game, but after the tutorial my impression of the game is very good. I will continue to play it and hopefully also find a corporation to join :)10/10 thumbs up and keep it going !"
76561197960880494,Recommended,223410,19300803,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Wandris,"Perpetuum is a game which has evolved nicely over the years. It is alot like EvE online in many ways, with the diverse areas of gameplay like PVE missions, fitting, time based progression, industry, trading, mining, warfare, politics, base building, research, PVP, clans etc. The graphical features and game engine are a bit dated but the art is still good and does a good job of making the world feel extra-terrestrial. The music is also unique and fits well with this game. The robots and mechs are pretty cool and have modules in a similar fashion to eve such as lasers,  ballistics, kinematics, magneto-statics, and missiles. The world has been going through a pretty major overhaul over the past year with random missions assignments, roaming mobs, localized combat stations and a lot more I can't name off the top of my head.In some way this game is better than EvE for new players, as it has not had over a decade of expansions roll out and such a massive disparity in progression. The biggest problem Perpetuum has is playerbase, right now the game is suffering from a low population, however that means it is a good time to get out there and take advantage the situation.You got to look at a game like this as a long term endeavor. It will take years to get high level skills and master multiple modes of play. It does not require constant attention either, so if you are like me and play dozens of games you can get sidetracked and come back after a few weeks and have a ton of skill points to blow.Lastly I would comment on the monetization. The game is B2P and totally playable without a subscription boost, you just need to log in for at least a  few seconds every three days to refresh your skill point generation. The sub system works from subtracting game credits and it works out to less than $10 per month. There is also a Plex type system(ICE) that you can use for the booster or to trade for NIC(credits). Compared to most MMO's your dollars will go alot farther if you choose to spend.I recommend this game for anyone looking for a game that has some depth and complexity to it and is more tactical than tactile. It is less top heavy than EvE but is modelled after some of the same design aspects. This game is ripe for new players to come in. At its core Perpetuum is a game about robotic gun platforms on a distant alien world some of which are alien(NPC) and some which are controlled remotely by human players(you)."
,Recommended,223410,16442019,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Hermler,"Perpetuum seems to be one of the 'successors' to Eve Online. It is a game of Robots instead of ships, and the familiarity will be a bonus to people who have played Eve Online with a few exceptions. For one, skills are no longer time based, but point based. Meaning you don't have to wait around endlessly while a skill is being trained. In the same vein, however, your points are daily. Meaning that you only get a limited number of points per day to which to spend on 'extensions' or skills in Eve.The biggest plus for me, at any rate, is the fact there is a PvP flag. Meaning that you can't be killed as you wander the islands randomly. There are probably spots where the PvP is automatically set to PvP, but I can live with that. I don't have to worry about my beginning mech being blown to pieces because a higher skilled player got a bee in their bonnet and decided my little inventory scraps are worth killing over."
76561197993605741,Recommended,223410,20219238,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,umdiddly,"I have been on the fence for a while about purchasing the game, but the real incentive for me to buy it was the great price-point and the lack of monthly subscription fees.  If you have read much about the game, the gameplay and mechanics are very similar to EVE online. Unfortunately, the main complaint you will come across is the low population community.  Given the sandbox nature of the game, that can be an issue as player-driven content is severely limited.That being said, I was also looking for a game I can passively play while accomplishing other work simultaneously.  So if you are interested in the same criteria as I am, open-world mmo, single shard server, sci-fi, player-driven economy, and passive gameplay, then take the leap and buy the game.  Can't go wrong at this price."
,Recommended,223410,20867062,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Sisifos,"This is Eve Online with robots (Mechs)  instead of spaceships, on planet surface instead of space. And with one big advantage. NO SUBSCRIPTIONS! Do I recomend it? YES!! Especially now with the price drop (9.99€) which is cheaper than a monthly subsription for most MMOs you buy the game once and play free forever.PROSEve Online playstyle and mechanics. If you are/was an Eve player, you will be right at home.Sandbox gameplay. Play the way you want. Miner, Trader, Manufacturer, Mission Runner, Pirate, name it and you can do it.Player driven economy. All items even your mechs are manufactured from the players and their prices depends from offer & demand market rule.Mechs! How can you say no to the opportunity to pilot and fight with your own Mech?No subscription! One time buy (only 9.99€) and you play it free for ever!CONSNot so big player base. Game needs more players. I hope now with the price drop, playerbase will be biger and biger.ConclusionDo I recomend this game? YES! If you are/was an Eve Online player or just like sandbox, player driven economy/politics open games, don't miss it!"
76561198008968667,Recommended,223410,9916599,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,Frankencastle,"I bought this sincerely hoping to get eve online but with mechs  and using WASD to move. i got eve online with mechs and using WASD to move. plus theres no subs and the skill queue system is a little easier to work with if you cant log in every day, you accumulate points instead of a timer based system and you only need to log in once every 3 days to keep points accumulating, unless u pay the 10 bucks a month in which case you get double skill points and dont have to log in at all. all round im having great fun with this so far."
76561197995221378,Recommended,223410,12454710,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Harv,"If you like the gameplay style of Eve Online, you will enjoy this. Only a few hours in and I'm loving it."
,Recommended,223410,10009113,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Inspector Spacetime,Literally so much robot. You are like EVE the robot but you are robot instead becasue it's such a game and you do♥♥♥♥♥♥ It's really good if you spend like to time but tere is nothing wrong with apples.
,Recommended,223410,21439727,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,LordFraggington,"I'm not the greatest at writing reviews, so I'll start with the basics: Should you play Perpetuum? Yes! Now that we have gotten that out of the way, let's get into ""why"" you should.Perpetuum is a very interesting and deep game that you will hopefully spend many hours playing. There is so much that game offers you from mining/harvesting materials to crafting various commodities to running various assignments for different factions to base building to combat... The only true limit is your imagination (and the time and NIC you are willing to invest). Taking the time to plan out and finally outfit the perfect combat robot you have been hoping for, hopping from island to island to make that next big sale, or sneaking around an island full of hostile enemy players hoping to find that next big artifact stash is a lot of fun, especially when you take the time to invest in both your skills and your gear.""But running missions and gathering materials is boring, and fighting enemies is either too easy or too hard!"" Please ask yourself - what is it I really want to do in Perpetuum? Do I want to build large bases in the PvP islands, fight enemy corporations, or maybe even collaborate with other players to corner the market and make a ton of money together? Whatever the answer, you will probably want to join a player corporation that has similar goals. Not only that, but you'll hopefully find a group of interesting and fun people to play with; and don't think you are limited to just talking to your fellow corp members! Not only can you create your own chat channels, but there are global channels like General Chat and Help Chat as well. You are in control of what you want to do in this game.""But I hear that there is a low player population - what does that mean for me coming into the game?"" This is another valid concern; after all, who wants to shell out their hard-earned money for something and not have fun? Steam statistics are only one way of seeing part of the game population online at a given time, and you are able to leave any chat channel except for you corporation's channel and either the terminal or vicinity channel for the island that you are in or on. As such, it will look as though there aren't many people on. At the same time if you are interested in the game, hopefully you will try the game out, find something that interests you and maybe either get your friends to play or find a group of players to hang out with in-game. The population problem is something that needs to be addressed, but we can't address it of you aren't playing with us!""But what about the community? Are they mean? Salty? Tell me more!"" Well, in my time playing the game I've seen General Chat be very quiet for a decent period of time, then someone speak up and everything begins to cascade from there (usually). People are mostly very helpful and pleasant to either speak with or joke around with - always feel free to ask questions! Are people going to respond every time you say hi? Probably not. But the longer you are on the more players you will run into and in turn the more opportunities you will have to talk to people who have similar interests, senses of humor, etc. I lucked out when I joined my first corp, and I hope that you do to!""The whole daily allocation of extension points (EP) thing turns me off."" Okay, I won't argue that this is a more niche game in that sense. A lot of MMOs out there certainly let you level at your own pace and ultimately hit a maximum power level. But if someone has spent the time investing in a particular skillset in Perpetuum, they are doing so because they are interested in it. That also means that they probably aren't good in other areas of the game. You are able to respecialize your character (for an amount of paid-for currency relative to how many skills you want to retrain and the levels of those skills), but you hopefully will start out with an idea of what interests you and only need to make minor alterations or pursue new skill areas moving forward. You can (almost) totally wipe the slate clean if you wish to too (you cannot respecialize your initially spent extension points, so DO choose those wisely!). If you want to gain EP at a faster rate, there is always the option of either buying ICE (basically a 50% EP booster for 30 days that also does not require you to log in every 3 days to receive EP) via the cash shop or via in-game NIC on the market.""Wait, I have to log in every three days?"" Well, yes. Here is why: the log-in system, just like the skill (extension) system is meant to encourage long-term play. It is a good way to encourage community participation and growth, especially since this is not a subscription-based game. Hopefully our logging in every few days will keep us playing, facilitate us meeting new people. keep the in-game market running, cause new player-run events to happen...I sincerely hope that you come visit Nia and the rest of us Perpetuum players. I don't want to make it sound as though I want to justify the game despite its faults (and let's be honest for a moment, all games have them), but hopefully give you a different insight into what you might expect should you purchase this game. There aren't many games like this out there, and provided that this is the sort of game that might interest you, I really think you might enjoy it!P.S.: I would like to make a special mention of the Upgrade Kit DLCs, if only because they did give me a headstart, not only with the EP provided but some of the items from the AID devices being able to purchase a couple months of ICE bought with the credits included. If you play the game for a while and want that extra boost, or want to start off strong when you make your first character, check them out!"
,Not Recommended,223410,26437772,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,†⌐£íƒë¦ìñk¬† ®,"Random notes while playing this game./__Critiques__\-While in-depth, the tutorial is obnoxiously long.-UI is terrible. Way too much going on that requires way too much effort to bring up and arrange.-Using equipment is way too over-complicated.-Combat is slow and very awkward.-Targeting itself is very slow.-Attacking by either using the interface in the UI or hitting the space is unresponsive at times.-29 people online total that I counted from the chats- and no one is even active.-With combat and movement itself: the camera is in need of a lock feature at least.-A lot of small details are in place, but it is all executed poorly.-Trailor depicts an action fest. This game is definitely not like that./__Personal Observations__\-I fell asleep while playing this game because of how dry the experience was.-The game feels like more of a chore than it is fun. This is a deal breaker for me with any game./__Good Things__\-Nice soundtrack that is befitting.-Game runs smooth. No optimization issues."
,Not Recommended,223410,12547732,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Space Walrus,"Keep in mind, this game is very E.V.E.-like, and I am not a fan of that type of game.I knew this game was E.V.E.-like. I bought it anyways because some of the gameplay looked fun. It honestly does look, and sound, fun. It's just executed so poorly.The tutorial takes about an hour, there is way too much to learn at the beginning, It's overwhelming, and that turns off a lot of players, including myself. The UI is bad. It's like playing Tetris, not with your inventory like Diablo, but with all the windows you have to manage. Not 2D tetris, either. 3D Tetris, so you have to know what window is behind what. The fighting is simple and boring, though LOOKS interesting in gameplay videos. You just click on a gun, and that weapon fires. Or, press Space to fire all weapons.The animations and textures are one of the more disappointing things about this game. It looks like a game that my Grandma could play on her 5 year old store-bought PC. Unfortunately, it runs like Crysis 2 would, on said store-bought, 5 year-old PC. The animations are poor. Watching a robot walk around makes me cringe, because they don't step... They slide. Their feet might make the motion of stepping, but they just slide across the floor...The movement is worse than anything else. You don't FEEL like a robot. You can go from facing right to facing left INSTANTLY. No side-stepping, no turn animation, you just snap to that direction and go. It's horrible! I want to feel like I'm a powerful robot, or a nimble robot, or a big, heavy mining robot. But, no. You just snap directions, and go about your day. No matter what design you have, the robot's movement is poorly animated and feels way to fast to turn directions.Overall, I'd give this game like a 3/10. It seems like it would be fun, if things were executed a bit differently. A game like HAWKEN got the movement for mechs right. The stomping, the independent movement of the torso, etc... I just think this game needs more work.I'll never be coming back, to play this game."
,Recommended,223410,16891860,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Koent c. Uranus,"Nice game with a lot of depth, only playing for a week but already raoming with the big guys.Fun to play!"
76561198242753180,Recommended,223410,19314971,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,SSCoding,"First I want to say that this game is not an easy grind for a week or two and you can start working on getting the best gear. But this game has its rewards for your time invested, it separate the lazy want everything handed to you kids from the REAL GAMERS, those that commit to a game and stick with it for years not just a few months once they get bored of the end game.This game does take a good amount of time to learn, but if you've played Eve online you're already going to know a large amount of how things run just need to learn the games twist of how the function works. Perpetuum still could use some work but it is a smooth game, nothing that will make or break you. My own issue with perpetuum so far is, its a little rough on the eyes as theres a lot of small things moving around that your eyes are trying to focus on at once. A dev said they're working an a new UI so it shouldnt be an issue for to much longer.So, if you like robots, player driven market, keeping what you kill, or being the guy supplying the bots being blown up on the battle field then this is the game for you. Yes you will start out with next to nothing, but if you use your head. You will make more then enough game currency to support your game play of choice.I'd give Perpetuum a 8 out of 10 due to the strain it has on the players eyes, the graphics are great just to may little things for the eye to focus on at once.The games 75% off, the price of a large coffee at starbucks which will only last you an hour or two while this game will last you years.Look up Knoxie ingame and we can tackle this beast together one day at a time."
76561198014299198,Recommended,223410,35319681,Posted: 29 September,all,StarBlazer,I enjoy this game it's simple and fun to play compared to EVE once you get past the learning curve.. and it's a good cheap alternative to EVE. Some features maybe lacking but I would give this game a measure of forgiveness for that..Graphics might not be comperable to todays games but it can still be fun if a bit grindy..Also the lack of people talking in game is lacking and it just makes me feel sad to see it almost dead.. it's what I would call a good casual game to play if nothing else..Mostly just want people to play with on it tho..
76561198005985262,Recommended,223410,25477614,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Trumpalot,"A good game that has unfortunately slipped so far under the radar it a real shame. Eve with robots, graphics show there age but gameplay and atmosphere make up fot it"
,Recommended,223410,17302815,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,HyperDrow,"While the graphics seem slightly older, the gameplay is fantastic.  This game is like a mix of EvE, MechWarrior, and Wow.  For the price that is asked and the lack of monthly fees, this game is going on my top 3 currently played games."
,Recommended,223410,16044599,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,YPChase,"It's basically EVE with robots, don't need a subscription, but it helps."
,Recommended,223410,10981423,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,YourPapi,"If you like sandbox types of game this might be one of the cheaper ones to get into. For a flat fee you can play for as long as the servers remain online. No monthly subscription fees. It feels almost like a direct clone from EVE except you are planet based and mech based instead of space and ship based.Like most sandbox games though there is much lacking in the way of an introduction especially if you are foolish enough to skip the tutorial mode.  I've only recently begun to play the game but it seems easy enough, I just need to find the time to devout to this game instead of all of the others."
76561197969266780,Recommended,223410,19466751,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Barark,"This game is very good, similair to eve but more like mech warrior in an mmo, I would love it more if i could drag boxes around my inventory items and send people my loadouts, but right now its still pretty good :)"
76561197985981402,Recommended,223410,20003615,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Wolfbane,"I do not write reccomendations that much, but i think this game deserves one.I played a few days when it was still in it's early stages. When i played it had a very famililiar feeling, because it had the same feeling and setup as a great game called EVE - Online.  Although in a different setting and somewhat different playstyle it is a very good substitute.Atm i'm at the start of the game so have not done that much yet but you as far as i can see you can do all sorts of things in the game.If you are intrested in EVE but are not willing to pay a monthly subscription fee I can definitly reccomend Perpetuum. The game can definitly use more players but give it time and the player base will grow.The developers are still developing the game further as we speak. I have not really been keeping an eye out on how fast and how well they listen to the public, but if I believe the ingame chats and other reviews they are definitly going good and take reccomendations at heart."
76561197969741278,Recommended,223410,20131998,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Jaba,"Eve like sandbox, except robots on land instead of ships in space.Profession based experiance over time you can enjoy industry types minining, production and exploration or farminging npcs to sell salvage on community market be a transporter taken low priced items to sell for prophit. PVE & PVP bassed mmo. Well worth a look for the cost a eve fix without the sub."
76561197975874107,Recommended,223410,17303533,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,mamif3,Spent a few hours in game and the game world feels empty. The gameplay feels very solid and I love the skill system. Really the only way to describe the game is its Eve with robots and no monthly fee. Game would be very solid with a larger playerbase.Will update review once I get more hours in.
76561198019153397,Recommended,223410,10544353,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,57e_Hawkstar,"The community is a bit dead, but its a good alternative to Eve Online for those who can't afford it."
,Recommended,223410,16805354,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Justin,"I will say this first: If you played EVE Online for at least a few months, there is a much less steep learning curve. Though changes are slot to come out and can be buggy as all hell, they respond to the tickets they get about the bugs with a small patch. Usually within 24 hours. This is a game that has been around for quite some time and could use a asthetic facelift,The positive side to things is that if you get in with the right corp, you can get access to Beta Islands (Open PvP with outposts, all but 1 of which a corp can take over and control), and out to the Gamma Islands that have been added back (Open PvP with no outposts other than the ones that players build). Certain materials/plants can only be gathered on Beta or Gamma islands.The negative side is that there are only two major corporate alliances. that control all the Beta and Gamma islands. They tend to shoot you first and never question you about your intent on their island. So you've got to be weary of that.Find out which corporate alliance is which and what they have to offer and how they'll treat you. One is overrun with players who've been playing for so long that they have the best robots and best modules, more NIC than they know what to do with, and several backups of the best robots and best modules all over the islands.I do like that it's open-ended, though. If you were to ask what the end-game is some would say that it's PvP, some would say that it's getting into a corp with a Beta Outpost, some would say it's getting into a corp with a Gamma Outpost, and others would say that it's whatever you want it to be. Specialize in combat and do PvE and PvP. Mining minerals or harvesting plants can pay very well, depending on the buy orders in various Alpha islands.I am in a corp that ended up allying with the wrong group. They were demanding, arrogant, and treated our leadership like they were just a figurehead in a dummy corp. It fell apart, but a few months later, it reformed and we have a Beta Outpost and a Gamma Base built. Our people are friendly and offer advice or front you bots/modules/NIC to get you started. We never ask for anything in return other than you being willing to help out new people like you were helped out.Speaking of joining a chat channel, that segues into the tutorial. It's very informative but it's a lot of information that you won't really appreciate or fully grasp right out of the gate. That's really not something that can be helped. It would be nice if you could skip the tutorial, because I have more than one account, but I've done it often enough I know where everything is and can speed through it.You can see what corporations a character has been part of in the past and for how long, but all they have to do is start a new character on their account and use it to spy. That's probably one of the biggest issues. ""All is fair in love and war"" but the ease of how a spy can slip a dummy character into a corporation and there be no way to tell, is a bit ridiculous, really. Putting the names of what characters created on that account and what corporation they've been in or are in they've had in the past would cut down on the easy way to set a spy in with another corp. If it's going to be possible to create a spy character then it should at least time some sort of skill to do it.Extensions (skills) are increased over time with 1 point per minute every 24 hours (1440 minutes in a day = 1440 EP/day).I've been around since it launched on Steam (about 1.75 years ago) and I still enjoy it. I enjoy mining. It relaxes me. Do I do things on PvP islands? Heck yeah! I spend a good deal of my time on Beta and Gamma islands and I'm not into PvP. I've lost a few bots to other plays and to NPCs. But, it's just a game. So after a few hours break most people have calmed down enough to just accept that it's happened and move on.They've recently redone the Alpha 1 and Alpha 2 islands, both in looks and a different way of doing missions (for NIC and sometimes a module or bot upgrade and tokens to purchase the racial ""PvP ammo"" or Beacons, you'll learn about those if you pay).The pathing script needs work because your bot will take the shortest overland route without regard to speed boosts from Accelerator Srips (aka ""Highways"") and Teleporters. Also, the NPC behavior is in many ways quite boring and predictable but can be very frustrating and evil (in a good way). You get zerged if you don't kill them fast enough or run away (Alpha 1 islands) , you don't aggro the whole group when you kill one (Alpha 2 & Beta Islands), or they do hit and run waves of skirmish tactics (Gamma islands).Summary:Is it pefect? No, but they are working on it.Is it fun? That depends on what you find fun but I still love it.Is it worth the price for 1 account to play it and see if you like it? Yeah. Some people play it for a few days or a few weeks and then just stop playing. Others stick around and get things going themselves.I would recommend that you at least give it a chance. You won't learn everything on the first day. Be patient and choose who's company you keep carefully."
76561198077389914,Recommended,223410,10349094,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Darkheartwolf2011,"This game is awsome,"
76561198038284638,Recommended,223410,19320572,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,phatfield_7,"I think Perpetuum is a great game.I would highly recommend it to others.I just started so I cannot talk about end game or higher leverl play.The tutorial is well defined and I enjoyed the completeness.I think requiring newbies to go through the whole tutorial was very hel[ful.Some may think otherwise, but I believe it can make the game much more enjoyable.I felt I did not get lost eaisly and understood it more completely.The Island idea was great! I think this will make expansion mcuh eaiser.Maybe on the future the bots can do something in the water or use water in manufactring.Boatbots would be a thought. Oil wells, flying bots? lots of great directions to go in the future."
,Recommended,223410,16799922,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,randylin26,"Probably the best Eve Online alternative there is. No subscriptions, identical gameplay as Eve, and pretty much super open world. Liking it so far :)"
76561198215931568,Recommended,223410,19936252,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,ke.vinalthouse,"I like this game very much, although I seemed to have just scrathed the surface of learning it.  I would very much like to recommend it to others!"
76561198137998637,Recommended,223410,20005412,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Icklathid,If your looking for a game of complexity then try this little Gem.A well made Sandbox with a touch of MMO aspects.
76561198010491694,Recommended,223410,10419610,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,Mugatu,"If you like Eve online but don't like the monthly subscrip fee, try this game! It's Eve without the cost! Player progression is the same, but you build and play mechs instead of starships. Very Fun!"
76561198033914598,Recommended,223410,19529556,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,mezilar,I have played now for 28 hours as of today.  The game has been enjoyable so far but there are two things that i think could be added.1.  Mouse/Device -  Need ablility to program the mouse/device buttons2.  More music3.  Map needs a keyboard shortcut in dock.4.  Suggest ability be given to buy items in remote market locations.5.  Suggest adding ability to create contracts for services such as transport to and from remote market locations.
76561198056304168,Recommended,223410,20226305,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Ganondorf,I just started playing Perpetuum today and already am i pulled in.  The combat system is easy to learn and I enjoy playing it.  The only thing i havent discovered is some sort of tab targetting system.  That's my only complaint.
76561197965556207,Recommended,223410,10303740,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Yeager,"I really liked EVE online and this game is very similar to it, the graphics are not as good as EVE but it is on land with mechs and instead of different star systems there are different islands, very sandbox/open world.  I recommend it."
76561197990320072,Recommended,223410,16665016,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Drone,"This is indeed EVE Light, and in a very good way! The population is lower, which allows for a very different economy that is much more accessible to new players. Many systems are simplified or outright improved, while combat being limited to a 2.5D plane demands an entirely new system of tactics- with the same great taste you know and love. This game's tutorial is also very exhaustive, and won't leave you adrift in an intimidatingly complex world. You will get a taste of all the activities on offer, and equip you to go out into the world and start making your name.All that said, this game is still early in development and it is telling at times. Random disconnects and crashes are present but fairly uncommon, but that is honestly the only criticism I can level. If you know EVE, you know this game and you will love it. If you don't know EVE- come and dip your toes into the Epitron. You might leave with a new favorite game."
76561197989645574,Recommended,223410,19425716,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Spamdor,"Eve online, on the ground in robots. If you've played eve and don't like having to pay a subscription, this might be the game for you. Not as polished though."
,Recommended,223410,19378269,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Durendal5150,"More of a first impressions than a review. Havn't had a chance to suss out the community, so we'll talk mechanics. In no particular order.The GUI is...functional. It's something I think would benefit from a once over. Little things like displaying the hotkeys in tooltips would go a long way towards its usability.The tutorial is just...bad. If I were the devs, this is something I would focus on post-haste. Coming from EVE, nothing was confusing, but it was definitely far from engaging. The first few hours of any game are absolutely vital to getting a player hooked, and I imagine anyone who came in here not knowing what to expect may have gotten turned off pretty quick.Combat isn't bad, but I think the 'feel' of it could probably use some refinement. As well, the game isn't forthcoming with various hotkeys, which makes it a bit frustrating to rapid-click around until you look them up. If the process of targeting and selection could be streamlined, that'd help the combat portion of the game a great deal.The gameplay systems are similar to EVE in a lot of ways. I believe another reviewer described it as being Sam's Cola to EVE's coke, and I'll second that. Still, it's fun in its own right, if you can look past  some of the rough edges. I've spent my time in game so far mining, and that at least is a little more engaging than it is in similar games. It does a lot of things so closely to its inspiration as to be near identical in many. I'd hope as they go forward, the developers try to accentuate the differences in their systems more.All in all I'd recommend Perpetuum for someone looking for an open-world, EVE-like fix. Especially with a group I can see how it'd become quite enjoyable. Still, I'd recommend the Devs look into low-level usability concerns, like the UI and tutorial. An EVE-like game is inherently complex, and if they can maange to ease new players into that complexity well, and engage them in the process, they might have a winning combination."
76561198021010575,Recommended,223410,19425959,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Kittani,The game is still an MMO in every aspect even due to lack of a large player base. I have yet to even really meet many players in the game but I fairly new. I think this game has a lot of potential and just need to draw in more players.The beginning was slightly confusing to me. You go through the rookie training and then basically revert back to some newbie character. Just seems odd to me. The picking of an conglomerate after going through the rookie training is a different approach.Overall Need Players but still a enjoyable game
76561198055448351,Recommended,223410,19978631,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,chefcook90,"Third day of playing Perpetuum, I got into a free-for-all Arhke service robot deathmatch tournament -Placed 1st and won 27.5 million NIC's in prize money.10/10, would Kumite again."
76561198005288488,Recommended,223410,25882746,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,KingOfCurtopia,"The excellent tutorial alone shows the quality work in this game. Eve players should feel at home here as there are many similarities ( mentioned countless times ). Good sound effects and nice graphics give Perpetuum a peculiar Terminator-machines aftermath vibe. Pretty impressive game.UPDATE: Bonus, good music. Very good. As in I'd pay to hear this live good. This game is a pure treasure, the find in the forest of junk that is more wonderful than i thought."
,Recommended,223410,20375327,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Teng,"I have been a long time fan of EVE. Played it for years and years.. But I have to be honest, it just didn't do it for me anymore. I needed something new. Insert Perpetuum!I have been playing it for 10 hours now and as a new player I have to say it feels and plays great. Most people say it has a huge learning curve and they would be correct in that aspect. But I do have to say, if you take the time to go through the tutorial area it really helps in getting started with the game. It's clear, to the point and it gives you nice bonusses for your new life in Perpetuum.This game is by no means an EVE replacement, but it feels and looks similar to it. The community is great and helpful but battlespirited and I feel like I will have a great time going forward with this game!I will post a more up to date review once I get more into this game!"
,Recommended,223410,9971060,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Entropy,"100% comparable to secondlife before mesh was introduced.Areas are ""sims"" limited maps surrounded by water, travelling between areas is done through teleports preplaced, this might change.Persistant world is not open world, it's not large, it's smaller than planetside 2 maps. The team may never connect all the grids into one big or several big connected grids.Terraforming, lifting the terrain already below you, or lowering it in specific places chosen by your or others with the capability to do so, nothing more nothing less.Vegetation and ""life"" does not move at the moment, no physics are involved for now either.Everything else in the description is true, a single server game world hosted from europe, etcetcetc.I must add that anisoptric filtering does not drastically improve the textures in the game, they come ""as is"". They may be re-uploaded and improved at a later time obviously."
76561198004743384,Recommended,223410,9983277,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Pygon,"90% eve 5% wow 5% minecraft, someone who played eve took eve and made a mech game out of it. iteven has the same market, damage style, shield , armor  and GI and many many other things. by the time your done your going to be looking for things that arnt in common with eve. its a fan or   bet the old programmers of eve have a new project anyway...worth it."
,Recommended,223410,10159164,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,CupidStunt,"Could be a great game but i find the cntrols a pain and the combot system is not very enjoyable. it would be great if you were not just thrown in without any help pretty much, and also if some things like combat were simplified."
,Recommended,223410,10769769,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,NimrodX,"Yes, this game is almost a ""clone"" of EVE Online, except with robots instead of ships. However they seem to have done a pretty good job with addressing some of the problems that EVE has. Basically this is a good game for EVE fans to try, especially the EVE fans who are disgruntled with certain things about EVE. And best of all, there's no monthly subscription required, though if you want faster skill point accumulation then you have the option of paying for that. Fortunately thats all you can really pay for, so it doesn't suffer from ""pay to win"" issues.It's not as feature filled as EVE at this point, but they're working on it."
76561198061868519,Recommended,223410,9959787,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,ExPressive~,You'll require a lot of patiences and its hard as hell to get into.
76561198010400004,Recommended,223410,9923310,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,lliogor,"EVE Online but with robots.  Its a good time, friendly, open, very flexible game that still needs some polish but is by and large a pretty excellent ride now available for a simple set price too!"
76561198034023991,Recommended,223410,9919607,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,Ozumi,Very good game with a lot of potential as soon as the community grows. Definitely a buy at this price. There is a learning curve though which can scare off a lot of new players (I am too a new player) but if you get to a nice corporation(guild/clan) you'll have tons of fun.
76561197981121103,Recommended,223410,13101304,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Mogsey,"If you like Eve Online then you will enjoy this game.It's certainly one to get the brain working and yet simple in many ways that Eve struggled to get across  to new players (although they have sorted this now).Go and have a look and give this underrated game a chance, you will be pleasantly surprised at the depth here.SandboxEve with robotsTons of fun."
76561197964932452,Recommended,223410,9939682,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Wolfa7x,Its eve online with robots! The UI as well as the over all gameplay is very similar to Eve online. this is not a bad thing. this is a great thing. the game has a lot going for it and should no be over looked.
,Recommended,223410,12405288,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,OXY,"I were scratching my head even after the ""tutorial"", but thanks to Zortags guide, and some persistency to keep on exploring. Perpetuum stands out as a very solid game, if you like mechs, that is. It feels a bit like EVE Online, but with robots, on islands. This game is not for everyone, but if your willing to learn and are not in a hurry, there's tons of exploring, bot killing and harvesting to be done, with a hefty looking carrot as reward. Double thumbs up, worth checking out if youre tired of the streamlined mmos you find elsewhere. This even comes with a nice community too, so check it out and join a corp while doing so (corporations = guilds/clans)."
,Recommended,223410,23836307,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Rhusty,"Feels exactly like EVE Online, which is cool.  I've only been able to play a bit of the tutorial since the newest AMD drivers seem to have an issue with the game (keeps crashing/freezing), but looks promising!  Hopefully, the community is large and vibrant.  Looking forward to playing more when they get their driver issues fixed."
76561198052318030,Not Recommended,223410,23634379,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,heliumbanana,At first i thought this was like a better mechwarrior mmo but then i realized quickly that there is a lot more. The GUI is not intuitive and the resource system is poorly labeled. unless you are willing to spend HOURS learning the system and the nuances of the map/resources/market only to discover that combat is lock on and attack...
76561198070566409,Recommended,223410,12590072,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,altera,"Great game, all it needs is more players.  Try it out, you will enjoy"
76561198089730569,Not Recommended,223410,23975389,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Ahjeti,"Outdated graphics, outdated controls and I can't find a whole lot of positives to give this one. I can't convince myself to recommend this game. Perhaps in the 90's, it would have been a solid contender, but in 2016, it doesn't stand a chance unless you're expressly looking for a clunky MMO with a clunky gui, and slow controls. The combat system isn't anything to praise either. All of the interaction of a sub-standard MMO with all the pretty paricle effects of a substandard indie game. Sorry to be so critical of it, but I have to be honest here."
,Recommended,223410,16590632,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,MOBii,It's like a real job but you don't get payed
76561198016274002,Recommended,223410,14164117,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Das0Mann,Very good EVE online clone for less money! Permanently updated. It's like the first steps of EVE online. The Setting of music and graphics ist also good.
76561197991962805,Recommended,223410,14171267,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Slick Willeh,Doesn't suck
76561197979669370,Not Recommended,223410,32901862,Posted: 27 June,all,WagFeliz,"Devs just confirm today that this game will shutdown and it will became an ""offline"" experience.Do you want to buy and play an online game and have an offline experience ? I dont think so..."
,Recommended,223410,20068518,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,ForgeDrake,4 hours of Perpettum so far - many many more to come.I plan to update this as I go but figured I'd do a early review.This game is a nice casual game as it has no monthly fee's and xp is done every day so long as you log in every 3 days - but its nice cause sometimes I have a real life and can't play a game but I don't want to unsub so feel like I'm wasteing time and moneythe depth and complexity of the game is pretty nice - you get a feel there is a ton of things to do when looking at manufacturing and research - I do enjoy research points are gained through looting them and can be traded which I like because I feel I actually have to get them they are not just given to me so it makes me run around for them.Mining is a fun mini game as you have to use mining scanners to point you in direction driving around following markers till you get close enough to switch to a area map that shows the tiles in different colors - mining itself is pretty solid as well as while it takes time to fill it doesn't feel like I should take a nap while I waitCombat seems a bit simplistic at first - but as you upgrade you get more options from weapons ammos that deal different damages to repair drones to heal allies - mechs can be fitted with several forms of weapons each with there own interesting styleall in all I'd give the game a solid 8 outta 10 - its not perfect but the devs seem to be talking with community and the community is friendly and helpful as welland my best recomendation simply is - would I buy it again knowing what I know? Yes
,Not Recommended,223410,20785726,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Mase,"Very bad graphics, very bulky user interface with a mega ton of information. This game belongs somewhere in 2005!Not worth 10 Euro's!"
76561197976325286,Recommended,223410,25971643,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Hybrid,"It's not quite accurate to say Perpetuum is Eve-Online-but-with-mechs, but it's a good place to start.  The games share a GREAT deal in design and general layout.There are a few things I've really enjoyed so far about Perpetuum.  There's basically always something to do, because running missions is actually a viable source of income.  If you want to get engaged you can choose a combat mission, or if you want to run the game in the background, you can do a transport mission.There are 3 levels of PVP - none, all, and some more.  You can play on the ""alpha"" islands without danger of PVP, or risk a trip to the outer islands for higher rewards, or a chance for a fight!Combat is meaningful because losing bots removes them from your inventory - and you have to buy a new one.  But the prices are aligned fairly well in my opinion, so that losing a bot doesn't feel like the end of the world.  It makes me much more willing to risk something for some fun.The game has a multi-level crafting system that can be shared at the corp level, 3 primary factions and 1 other faction that is still being added, and a lot of opportunity for player-created content.Key Feature: No subscription."
76561198170360825,Recommended,223410,26394355,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Xedniw1,"Im really enjoying the game, however its important you find a good corparation when you start or the game is boring. With a good corp, the game is increadibly fun."
,Not Recommended,223410,17453549,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Maeve,"Good ♥♥♥♥ing lord. I was drawn in by the positive reviews hailing the community aspect of the game, but honestly, I can't imagine it's worth it. I wouldn't know, because after spending 75 minutes to make it only through 3/4 of the tutorial, I realized ""This is overly complicated, I still don't understand anything, nor do I wish to try to learn more. This is not fun."" I can't imagine any semblance of a community could be worth all that trouble. This is the first and only game I've ever requested a Steam refund for, and I sure hope I get it."
,Not Recommended,223410,33161712,Posted: 2 July,all,evie wolf,"So, played this years ago, during one of the Eve Online Rebellions (I think it was Burn Jita? I could be utterly mistaken.)Wanted to give it another shot with the steam sale, so I bought it. Thought it was a steal.Decided to log into steam (Not realizing that there was no login screen, thereby locking myself from a character that is 6~ years old.)Submited a ticket as I found a topic detailing that exact issue, week later, no word back. Starting to suspect the game is dead."
76561198111550108,Recommended,223410,20014808,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Sikclick,"Just picked up the game this weekend, and i havent stopped playing. Theres a lot of information to take in when you first start, but any time i had a question i just put it in general chat and the community was quick to respond. It might be a bit overwhelming at first but just give it time and youll start to understand the games mechanics."
76561197964755519,Recommended,223410,10529814,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Peepop_,"Super fun game, but when you die you lose the robot you die in.  Just spent a ton of time in the game, got killed, lost everything.  Beware, major fun-killer."
,Recommended,223410,30181039,Posted: 25 February,all,CharonAr154,"This game is something. Yeah, it reminds EVE, but it's easy for a bit and more friendly to the player.It's very awesome that DEV's still updating the game after all.You can also go on them forum and suggest your own idea to make game better!It have even in-game twitch streaming! (and it's very awesome integrated)Combat system is quite good, because you can hide behind buildings from enemy fire and use the landscape for tactics.Before buy i was afraid that it's a crappy cheap game, but I WAS WRONG about it.I'm in love with this game. For me - it's like imposing zen or doing yoga in world of MMO. (Soundtrack here is amazing)If you have friends and/or want to buy this game - do it. You won't regret about this!This game costs its price!I want to say thanks to DEVs and i will hope that they will not shut down servers for at least 2-3 years.Perpetuum, I LOVE YOU <3"
76561198006617124,Recommended,223410,33316852,Posted: 6 July,all,Jaswolf,"A good SciFi MMORPG, one of the last few that still exists in our universe.Our breed is dying, give it some love guys !The brainless high fantasy sheeps are winning but we will never surrender...Make Sci Fi great again !"
76561198050090316,Not Recommended,223410,23699334,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Calhare,"Nice ideas, but to much of an MMO with way too much density of just anyone to drop into. Only for the most hardcore of micromanagers."
76561197967165306,Recommended,223410,30205485,Posted: 26 February,all,Dux Magnus,EVE on the ground and with mechs. Its great :)
76561198133820042,Recommended,223410,20634268,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,Pupcake,"Needs more players, but I love the game and is similar to EVE online"
76561198024000046,Not Recommended,223410,14804019,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,MortVent,"I really want to like the game.All around it's pretty good, just empty in the starting areas.  Global chat is pretty much dead as well outside groups... if ya not in a group/guild ya pretty much not going to interact with anyone.Graphics are not the best, but that was a given.This is one of those games where I want to give it a good review, but the experince isn't the best so I can't."
,Recommended,223410,16811175,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,RusWolf,"Не так давно я вдруг заинтересовался роботами. Я стал искать в интернете, и выяснил, что реально хороших игр про роботов в настояший момент раз два и обчёлся. В конечном итоге я нашел две HAWKEN и Perpetuum. Первая игра мне лично напомнила контр-страйк, только про роботов. Я в неё поиграл немного, меня раздесять убили и надоело. А вот Perpetuum меня как-то сразу захватил. Особенно мне понравилась атмосфера планеты роботов, эти равнины, огромные здания диковенной архитектуры, небо, затянутое тяжелыви серыми тучами... Я люблю такую атмосферу, строгую и величественную, несколько даже гнетущую, я бы сказал. Всякую технику я тоже люблю, и техногенный стиь архитектуры в игре радует мой глаз. Ещё я люблю исследовать новые места, проникая вглубь неизведанных территорий, и возвращаясь оттуда с грузом артефактов. Тут игра малость разочаровала меня - посетив несколько остравов я не заметил принципиальных отличий. Разьве что расса врагов меняется, и их сила, ну и сама карта конечно тоже. Мне весьма не хватает каких-нибудь ""сюжетных"" локаций, единственных и не повторимых, куда стоило бы переть через всю карту чтоб просто посмотреть, а возможно и раздобыть какой-нибудь интересный трофей. Как в однопользовательских РПГ. В прочем, нечто подобное, думаю, ещё появится. Так же меня заинтересовала возможность строительства и терроформирования, но пока что я не достиг того уровня когда этим можно заняться, и ничего толком сказать не могу.На этом пожалуй остановлюсь, а то напишу длиннопост, и все читать поленятся))"
,Not Recommended,223410,22192968,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,Acehazbin,"EVE online does it better in every way. with next to no players, dated graphics. theres really nothing that makes it stand out. feels like a stripped down-rejiggered eve.-time based progressionno players*no marketmechs feel coastynot enough mechsthe islandsno variation with npcsto much focus on pvp+none. i wasnt looking for eve mechs online."
,Not Recommended,223410,21653308,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,ShadoWalker,"I was playing 33 minutes and in those 33 minutes I played with FPS under 10 (my PC) and what I could see is that:There is probably less then 50 players;Tutorial is long;Game is complicated (ui, landmarks etc.);Game is no fun (at least what I saw);That is practicly all I was able to do in game play tutorial =_=.So if you just want to spend, for no reason, 9.99e then spend it on this game because you wont get anything in return especially you wont get fun."
,Not Recommended,223410,29263849,Posted: 14 January,all,Madd Matt,"This game is for anyone who wanted to know if Eve would work on the ground. the answer is no.Overall visual quality is mediocre, even on max settings, lots of ""ice skating"" animations where you slide around, the ground is far too smooth to be beleivable as anything more than a conveniently crafted game map. Pretty much every hud element and menu is far more complex than it needs to be.But hey, once you get out of the menus and start doing things its no big deal right? wrong. Combat is a mess. agro range and respawn time of most beginning enemies mean that you will be endlessly chased by dozens of them anytime you have to do one of the countless ""go here and kill 5 of these"" missions. weapon interaction with terrain and objects is inconsistent, so you never really know if you can use something as cover or not. mining is a bigger grind than eve as well, with less payoff.Basically, remove all warping and jumping from eve, constrain your view so you cant see whats going on ever, and narrow the entire color pallette of the game down to about 3 shades of grey. and now you have Perpetuum.Edit: Every sooften I try to get back into the game to see if things have improved (they have not) and I'm noticing just how toxic the community is. Most of the time, a tiny, struggling community will put forth an effort to welcome and help new players. after all, new players mean the game stays alive longer. However, any attempts to ask questions or get help from anyone is met with dismissal in chat, or trolling, or just generally unhelpful responses."
76561198039420210,Recommended,223410,21931976,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,runemyth0,"Pretty ok.Visuals are blocky and textures leave a lot to be desired. But it's basically EVE online, except with robots and limited to a single planet. Game could really use a UI makeover and cleanup, in addition to the aforementioned art stuff."
,Not Recommended,223410,20366153,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Nexumis,"This game is Pay to Win!!! and it is not advertised as so. If you pay a monthly subscription, you can train 50% faster then non subbed characters. This game should be F2P with this subscription model. This game is literally eve copy and pasted, islands are systems, robots are ships."
76561197984167736,Not Recommended,223410,16460965,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,saving101,Very dull game for me. Should have done the research before i jumped into it.
76561198219695536,Recommended,223410,25389093,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,TwistedKoala93,its a good little bit to learn in thebegining but once you get used to it its excellent
76561197960555636,Recommended,223410,28927520,Posted: 1 January,all,Nubby Teh Nub,"Started playing the game today, Wonderful tutorial that explains everything well to me (previous EVE player) helpful community when starting to ask question and help you get started if you have any issues.full ability to go where i want and do what i want (combat, mining, hauling, etc)Would fully  recommend to try it out."
76561198106177845,Recommended,223410,25971375,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Philip Danks,Great game very wide spectrum of things to do
,Not Recommended,223410,15835603,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Psiursus,ZZZZZZZZ..... it's like an eve clone without the fun or awesome spaceships.
,Recommended,223410,28737644,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,thraeq,"Ok bought this game a day ago and it is awesome I love it.  I am playing industry and doing transport assignments (quests) over and over.  Also have done some artifact finding (kind of like treasure hunting).  The game can be compared to eve in many ways, but I like that you have more control over your robot and the landscapes are a lot nicer to look at as you move around.  Really fun game for an MMO, there is still grinding and other such stuff, but you expect that of this genre."
76561197992436427,Recommended,223410,26464504,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Crensh,mechs in rpg mmo? sounds good. I really like the setting and UI is a masterpiece. this game is worth checking out. it does require some learning at first. community seems small but friendly.edit: it hurts when you die and lose all your best gear.
,Recommended,223410,28923953,Posted: 1 January,all,-A- STRK790,"This game reminds me of old school EVE Online. 8+ year vet. This game takes me back to the old days. If you have ever played Eve or equivalent games it is worth a try. I was reluctant to purchase the game, but I have 158 hours at time of writinng this. Worth a try!"
76561198141765756,Recommended,223410,26392884,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,jonbonkoki,This game seems similar to early Eve Online. I really enjoy the mechs and the community. I felt very welcome from the get go.
,Recommended,223410,28202841,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,Gusty,I finally got around to playing eve online yesterday...perpetuum is like eve online but more straightforward
,Recommended,223410,22461789,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,LeatheryObject,"pros:- pretty fun- extremly complex- tons of choices- good time wasterCons:- The game is dead, noone plays it, and when you do find someone they want to kill you"
76561197999715818,Recommended,223410,25893492,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,CC | Thunderbird,"I've been keeping my eye on this game for quite a while, and the sale made me finally jump in.Very underrated game with mechanics (and wonderfully complex player driven industry) somewhat similar to EVE Online - low population is a negative, but with redesign to skill points gain, its much easier to get in and catch up.Gameplay is a little clunky, but involves complex mechanics and ways for number crunchers to have their way with it and play around with mech loadouts - and then go smash someone in the face with their latest experiment.UI is very EVE-like with its own twist, easily adjustible windows and easy access to information and for comfort. Graphics are nothing to write home about, but they are adequate, and the design of the world, environment and bots is interesting.And, despite the small community, there seems to be enough opportunities to get into some battles and earn bragging rights (and/or territory)."
,Recommended,223410,22274866,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Xiluym,"While brand new to the game, Perpetuum is a blast!To start with, playing through the tutorials is a giant help. Not only do they explain, but they provide additional resources to help out once you ""officially"" begin the game.The community is very small currently. However, with more reviews and people in general promoting, this could be a giant game. Along the likes of EvE.I definitely recommend this game, especially for $10. Its a blast that will definitely keep you coming back for more."
,Not Recommended,223410,19329633,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,JestfulHam,"IN NO WAY IS THIS PUTTING THE GAME DOWN, Im giving my specific opinion.Hello fellow Gamers and Gamettes. I'm a huge fan of Mech games, one of my favorites and really underrated one i love is Armored Core. Based on my love for that game and series such as Gundam, Knights of Sidonia, Zoids, Etc. I have a certain desire to find a great Mech-game. And for some this is a GREAT buy, but for me it did not.First and formost. THERES A LOT TO LEARN and the Tutorial even if you read the bottom of the section to do the action just to move on to the nect section, Its still lengthy. SO if your not Willing to learn this game, Simply YOUR GONNA HAVE A BAD TIME!.Second. There is alot of sh*t goin on on the screen, Tabs upon tabs of information (yes you can exit and minimize them, but i felt lost with out them opened when needed.All in all LEARN THE GAME AND DO THE TUTORIAL RIGHT. PERIOD. DONT RUSH IT OR JUST SAY ""F IT ILL FIGURE IT OUT"".for people like me that like the customization (which this game has atleast for weapons, i dont see slots for Arms, legs, heads, colors, etc) This will disappoint you. Graphics arnt everything in a game so dont expect something AMAZING, specially when you create your Agent. It reminds me of a early 90s kids show called ""Reboot"" hi5 yourself if you rember that show, cause your awesome.The world is huge, and im sure there is lots to do, But i just could not get into and im a guy who TRIES to play games against my gut churning desire to quit based of first and fast impressions. Maybe i couldnt this time, and this game maybe GREAT but i just couldnt keep playing there was no desire or burning hope that the game would get better FOR ME atleast.I cant speak much on this game since i really only played under an hour of it.If your a Mech head, this might be for you, But it also might kill your soul and F your wife or girlfriend or mother... Infront of you.goodluckHappy gaming =D"
76561198065471768,Recommended,223410,11622100,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Zer0,"nice game, but controls r too hard and tutorial is confusing."
,Recommended,223410,28379722,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,MindSky,Can be fun but needs more players!Been playing for months now and player base just drops off with out warning.Looks like the max players is less than 100 so it could be good with more people.
76561198143329997,Recommended,223410,17304673,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,kevingaiser24,"Most definatly, to reiterate, in case my other didnt go threw."
76561198041842392,Recommended,223410,17201315,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,ktulu1156,"Very complex game, I never played EVE. still getting the hang of things. grafics kind oldish looking, but still not bad. overall i think the game is worth trying out, give it a shot. long start up training, but it rewards you with basicly what ya need to get going. been fun so far."
,Not Recommended,223410,18059526,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,The Merovingian,"I gave it a shot when it came up on sale because I like these kind of games. I can't recommend it for just a few reasons I will describe.1.) Lengthy and kind of confusing tutorial. Not that bad but it definitely didn't leave any lasting positive impression2.) Uncomfortable UI and control setups. Too much going on everywhere and you have to do too much to perform some actions. This game was marketed as a sandbox rpg not a simulation.3.) Persistent world = Sucks for new players. I played a solid 9 hours and barely found any resources because it was all mined. In 9 hours I found maybe two nodes that had 'grown back'. And there are TONS of nodes...4.) The community isn't bad but there are a few people out there who just want to destroy your mech.5.) Linked to reason 4, if you lose your mech you lose your mech for good and X amount of hours were just wasted.6.) I lost my best mech and literally couldn't dredge up a reason to play long eough to make enough to buy another. Uninstalled.Game has no purpose, not even a faked one, and makes you wonder why you still have it installed when you encounter even one small setback. If you're into games like Eve Online but without the actual fun involved, play this."
76561198073014923,Not Recommended,223410,35151030,Posted: 23 September,all,portalmania,"the game has the structure to make a good game however the server conection is patchy as all hell, i get about five minutes and then i have to spend the next three loging back in just to get to the next part of the tutorial, if i could make a private server it would be ok but there is only one public server and it makes it imposible to play. do not buy."
76561198072976433,Not Recommended,223410,23539464,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,chaosdaemon,"Wow, I was so looking forward to this game.  I waited months to pick it up, waiting for a good deal on it.  Now, I wish I hadn't   (sad face).  Ok, so the '80's called and want thier graphics back.  This is the worst thing about the game.  Everyone likes to compare it to EvE online, but there isn't any valid comparison at all.  the old atari 5400 games had some better graphics, and that is so sad in todays graphical age.  Economy is terrible, probably due to the ridicuously low player population and tax and fee for posting that are so high it's not worth selling on the player market.  Which brings me to buggy game play, now I have seen some awful targeting systems out there, but man this is bad.  I tageted a robot on more then one instance, just to have my missles or guns shoot at some foreighn object not even in the general ditrection of the target.  And yes, I am very sure of my target in question, it was extremely hilarious at the time, but very sad the more I think about it.  So lastly I will touch on the player population, I honestly do not know what is keeping the servers up.  In total I have seen in general chat, max has been 12 players at 1 time.  Now I only have about 6 or so hours of game time, but when I see that few players, and only a handful of guys even talking, then something is definately wrong.  The mining mechanics are ok, a little blah, but ok..  It's the rest of the game that feels awful, I hope they work on it and maybe re-release it at another time with some more spit and polish.  The general concept is awesome, it just seems very 1980's to me..  That is my review and these are my opinions.  I normally don't do reviews, but in this case, I had to."
,Recommended,223410,22932068,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Angel AI Revenger,"MMO? No subscription? Robots? You got me hooked!!!The only sad thing is ,there arent many players.. Lets change that!"
76561198003008871,Not Recommended,223410,21689486,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Taserface,"NOT I REPEAT NOT LIKE EVE, think, if EVE had a boring cousin on her dads side with no boobs"
,Recommended,223410,21536951,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Meat Magician,"Great indie-mmo. Considering the work the Dev's put in to develop their own game engine is noteworthy. It does make development cycles slower. Good cheaper alternative to Eve. I consider the small community an opportunity to make a name for one self and impact greater change on the political landscape than one could in more popular mmos.Market system allows for the same gaming and economic expertise to take advantage of low supplied, or high demand bottlenecks in production chains.Combat is exciting, using cover, landscape, line-of-sight, or ballistic pathing of projectiles to calculate hits/misses. They just fixed artifacting to make it more intuitive (its super easy now).This mmorpg needs only one thing: MORE PEOPLE that plays it!!!Also the dev's are metalheads: if that isn't a reason to try it out, then I don't know what is. :D"
,Recommended,223410,9914860,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Enragedllama,"To start off, this game is still in early access and does have some decent qualities. If you read through other reviews you will all see them mention EVE. This is pretty much eve, I would reccomend this game to anyone that likes EVE. But unfortunatly This nor Eve was my type of game. When they stated "" WASD "" movements, I thought it actually had to dodge and move/duck/dive, and you actually had to aim your weapons, giving the game a skill based gameplay. This was untrue. You simply "" lock "" your target and click the fire button. If your within range you shoot if not you probably shoot and miss.To sum it up,Great game if you like EVE,If your lookin for a Mech game where you actually control your character in a skillbased manner. look elsewhere."
76561198047016352,Recommended,223410,12990593,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,LordTaco,"Fun game  - EVE - on a planet - needs more players, needs to grow, get this game!!"
76561197976312757,Not Recommended,223410,17216706,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Destyre,"Like Eve Online but somehow even more boring. My time ingame is mostly due to logging in to pick up my experience points but I have no idea why I still bothered. It then hit me: I could uninstall. So I did. I'll probably forget about this game forever in a matter of days, that's how low the impact is."
,Not Recommended,223410,18596229,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,Praetorian,"I saw a game with mechs and thought ""neat"" but once you get in and play it, it just feels very boring.  The 'tutorial' can barely be called a tutorial and with lock times on targets at 60 seconds and a very rough feel to it, an hour in and I couldn't handle it anymore.  It feels like a game made 15 years ago."
,Recommended,223410,20138749,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,vvrockerdox,"I really like this game. There are only two reasons why, after 5 hours, I don't see spending anymore time with it.1.) it's dead, nobody is playing, i never see any other players2.) the idea that terrain constraints burn up ""quest"" time is annoying... that is, spending a bunch of time just trying to figure out how my little robot dude can navigate the white vs. blue tiles just to get to something my scanners picks up gets a bit silly... although i agree with the idea that different mechs should have different terrain navigation abilities, it just leaves you feeling like i am going back and forth just trying to figure out a path for 20 minutes - nothing fun about itEven so, I recommend it because it is a very rich game and has so much potential even if it is aging out..."
76561198246853430,Not Recommended,223410,26473815,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Kowarenai,"It's Eve, only worse in every way."
76561198063076705,Not Recommended,223410,26742079,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,andys_hell,"Ok, so I dont mind bad graphics, as I love Mechwarrior 4 mercenaries, made in 2000, but these graphics are just horrendus, I feel like im back in th 90's, I mean come one, MW3 had better graphics, made 15 years earlier! Ok, putting that aside, Im angry because, well the trailer makes the game look like MW Online from a different perspective where you can control your firepower, well nope, takes, with nothing euipped 10 seconds to lock onto a target, making the combat horrendus! They also added random stripes everywhere, so Im sitting watching the AI take me too a place for 2 whole minutes, if not more! Ill say they did a nice job of doing the art style, but the graphics are so poor, you dont even take notice, and I love the mech customization, but the same issue applies. All together, Im glad I grabbed this game in a sale, even though I bought the superior eddition. If the devs work on it, this game could become the new mech game everyones talking about. All together, I dont recomend this game, YET, because the devs can work on it."
,Recommended,223410,29081111,Posted: 6 January,all,Hells,"This game is very good and pretty fun if (and only if)  you have played Eve online or something like it. Like eve it is a player run game ie. market, pvp, structures etc.But this game needs a boost of sorts. This game needs a big comminity or they need to partner up with another group to get this game moving again. But sof ar the content is solid (minus pvp which is fine)"
76561198258159576,Not Recommended,223410,30162229,Posted: 25 February,all,Utoclair,It's not like sandbox RPG. You lose in a battle and you will lose your accumulated assets.Too few players so you have to spend a lot of time to prepare equipments and do again after be killed by mobs.
,Not Recommended,223410,19649779,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Reizla,IMO better get EVE online than Perpetuum...
76561198068154501,Recommended,223410,28952669,Posted: 2 January,all,gamerdingo,"Wow!  WOW!  Love this game.  Mechwarrior meets EvE.  Sandbox love.  Pleae people, buy and play.  This game needs population!  AND IT IS ON SALE!  Please!  Join me! :D"
76561198094226853,Not Recommended,223410,19411078,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,|P5YСH3| <ю====жф>^v^э>,"=======PLEASE READ IF YOU ARE LOOKING TO PURCHASE=======I wish I could have found a review that could have saved me money like this one...I had high hopes for this game before I even tried it and bought a second copy to gift out to a friend... after playing it;Oh, GHOD....I can give most games quite a bit of a chance... at least complete the tutorial and do a couple missions...This game, honestly, should collect what it can and quit now, maybe focus on a new game.I'm sorry Zoom, but honestly.I could sum this up pretty damn quickly:- Has a HORRIBLE character creation that tries to copy EVE Online.... But FAILS miserably- Has the overview and window system of EVE Online.- Has the same buttons and mechanics of EVE Online. (Interact, Approach, Turrets, Reload, Reload All, etc.)- Has the same character progression as EVE Online. (Even skill names)- Even the tutorial agent is a male version of EVE Online.Basically it ATTEMPTS to copy everything in EVE Online, but just fails.... HARDThe graphics, even for being 5 years old, honestly is on-par with PS2 graphics.... No that is not a miss-type, Playstation Two graphics... This is with everything completely maxed, some PS2 graphics nukes this game.Now don't get me wrong, I can jive to a game with crappy graphics if the game has things that can help overlook the complete lack of any esthetics. This, has nothing that I found.All in all, I honestly wish I could get my money back!If you are looking for a mech game I suggest playing these;Robocraft - By far the best customization in any mech game. Period. (Free-2-Play)Hawken - Some of the most intense battles to be had, though lacking players. (Free-2-Play)M.A.V. - Team and tactics oriented combat, some re-birthed Chromehounds after its death. (20$)Those are just games I validate, Robocraft I've supported with 100$ just because it is the best that I see on the market, even though it is free-2-play, you don't need to pay anything at all to have amazing fun.I'm sorry Zoom, but seriously... I'm surprised CCP hasn't sued you for IP infringment... Honestly."
76561197991333976,Not Recommended,223410,34267016,Posted: 15 August,all,Valentin,"So its playable... but it's a bit of a stretch to call it a game. It's all the bad parts of EVE without the player base or prettiness. If you feel like watching numbers increment then it's probably good. Combat completely lacks engagement. I tried this on a lark because I'm just such a mech fan. This is not strategic or tactical or skill based. I don't really know what the combat tests... patience?Get it if that doesnt dissuade you, but pong may actually have more active player engagement."
76561197993666152,Not Recommended,223410,13167721,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Toad,EVE online is better in every way!
76561198121875441,Not Recommended,223410,18682948,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Upside Down Twix,Fun for a little bit but not worth $28.99
76561198063827706,Not Recommended,223410,17561597,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Happy Djako,it is a headache to play this game
76561198064946348,Recommended,223410,25989014,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Nycti,Excellent game with complexity to keep an active mind busy with the long term play.
76561197969006144,Recommended,223410,29102297,Posted: 7 January,all,chirker,"Awesome game, been playing off and on for quite awile now... Glad to see new people posting reviews that have recently bought the game... been seeing more people playing lately also!! nice plus... Been logging in much more due to that.  Purchased DLC at the winter sale, nice bonus."
76561198000789793,Not Recommended,223410,17575724,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Bwinks,Worst game i've played since... Rift? Wow? Anything like that
76561198014636228,Not Recommended,223410,10977933,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,potikoutlaw,Games still needs alot work done it looks like a old playstation 2 game and it dont really have a good guide to it to help you out.i however like the feel of eve kinda wish they robots didnt look like old vaccums from the 80s or 70s
76561197999409210,Not Recommended,223410,21241353,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,-=SOI=- Faren,"Do you like rollerscating robots?If you answered no to this question, then please read on.All of your new players are leaving almost instantly because the market is a great idea and works great in EVE online, which this game is a carbon copy of, but fails to deliver because there are no players to seed the market. If I want to upgrade my robot I have to play for a month and dump all of my skill points into research, because I can't find a market anywhere selling the robot I want.Honestly guys, this game would benefit most from adopting a free to play model and using micro transactions to fund further development. From my limited experience the game community has reciprocated this message over and over again. And they are absolutely right.And fix the scating robots, really. I will change my review to positive.Edit:If I want anything other than the noob robot apparently I'm forced to join an established PVP corperation, most of which are run entirely by the same core playerbase consisting of about 5 players."
76561198190824170,Not Recommended,223410,19689319,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,yuppers,Even the Tutorial is painful to play what a horrid game.  Why would steam put a game on thier service that is total garbage.
,Recommended,223410,11344650,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Operative.Kiwi,just started
,Not Recommended,223410,13815289,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,cRIPpLINg dEpRreSsIOn,"First game that made me check on if i could actually sell games in my steam library, 4/10I've played this game for a bit now and it lacks purpose, for me that is. I haven't played Eve so i can't compare it to that. But i bet Eve is much more fun just by looking at the combat, there is no combat whatsoever that could have been more boring than in Perpetuum. However, if we leave the combat aside, what is there to do? Grinding endlessly while waiting for your daily points to spend to get to a higher level. For what? To PVP and possibly lose your mech. This game doesnt have any PVE content next to some stupid robots to grind. Then you can get massive wealth, for what? Owning a bit of the world... Then the graphics make the game even look less desirable, if i grind i'd atleast like to look at some scenery or awesome effects. but no that aint working well either.This is my opinion and clearly not my game"
,Recommended,223410,22565528,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,STrooper,its alright
,Not Recommended,223410,17814434,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Sembiance,"Very confusing game. The UI is TINY and there is no way to scale it that I can see. About half way through the intro tutorial that I had to READ, I reached a task that could not be performed. So I quit."
,Not Recommended,223410,18640083,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,beenboy,no crap game
,Recommended,223410,22505687,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,killjuss,Why this game is great:join gamederp aroundget invited to a corporationget invited to team speakget free stuff to help corporationget in a squadget amazing lootpro's/cons:small communityhuge lvl/craft/research systemmechsFRICKING LASERS
76561198011732160,Not Recommended,223410,10357988,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,cepheid.81,"Spend you money on two months playing eve, it will be a much more enjoyable expeience.The game is an EVE clone, with just a few systems (in this case islands) to actualy visit and interact with. Support is also non existant. Driving mechs around is fun, but if you really want to do that get Mech warrior."
,Not Recommended,223410,23935915,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,James Revenant,"Sad, bad and with no purpose...Probably because is a sandbox? I don't know but is terrible and boring to play...No batlefront land and faction war for improve this boring application..."
76561197961091775,Not Recommended,223410,10037024,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,tinhat,eve online rip off with robots and no monthly fee after owning the game for a few weeks i can say it is oldunsuported crap with a bad unhelpfull player base im angry at myself for buying this rubbish
,Not Recommended,223410,28276336,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Nosman123™,Its a dead game. started at to high of a price ($29.99) preventing it from building a player base. now there is about 100 active players. so there is no market to speak of. so the only way to play if to make every thing on your own.this game should go free 2 play and just sell cosmetics...there is a ton of content but no players to make it enjoyable.your better off playing eve online.
76561197974873412,Not Recommended,223410,22228230,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,dragondiu,Very hard to understand. I don't think anyone should play this game!
,Not Recommended,223410,26715032,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Alpharadious,"""I miss the EVE"" game. Not worth it."
76561198038689828,Not Recommended,223410,14542425,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Excalibur Dragonbane,"This game is dead, folks. Avoid it like Ebola. Pretty much sums it up."
76561197966302449,Not Recommended,223410,9998957,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Falcore,"Remember how in EVE you could haul goods from one sector to another, and go AFK to releave the tedium? Well imagine that but you can't go AFK, you've got to navigate with WASD over a glitchy terrian where your tank track robot can't even go up a small incline.Remember how in EVE you could go mining, target a bunch of asteriods and sit and reap in the goodness? Well imagine that, but instead you have to keep retargetting every 4-5 minutes!I got this game as an EVE alternative, but its like the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ retard child of EVE. The combat is dull, the graphics are sub-par, the world is tiny, the UI is absolutley terrible (and thats coming from an EVE player) the musical score sounds like it was composed by highschool students (seriously, theres one track where the drummer can't drum for♥♥♥♥♥♥.I really tried, REALLY tried to like it. But it just leaves a bitter taste in my mouth, and just makes we want to play EVE more.If you're looking for an EVE alternative, steer clear of this one... However if you're looking for a glitchy broswer based standard game give it a whirl!I award you no points, and may god have mercy on your soul."
76561198115665383,Not Recommended,223410,10237314,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Kermit,its so bad they can't even implement a way to increase font sizes...For those of us with larger monitors it makes it hard to read anything and i dont want my face smashed against my screen and ruin my eyes more than they already are
76561198055181639,Not Recommended,223410,22729229,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,BlackCorsair,"I did not even last 10minutes - fonts are awfull, it is impossible to read anything, tutorial is way to long and boring... doh guys... seriously.. I just dont feel like playing this.."
76561198040753783,Not Recommended,223410,9957444,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,HipHobbes,"Unfortunately, there is no yes/no button for this game.Those -like me- who had some extra cash to spend and found the first look of this game appealing should probably know that you won't be getting an A-grade game title. It has the basic feel of a very good browser game.This product will get you invested on the game mechanics and community interaction ONLY, as the controls and graphics are somewhat clunky, rather difficult to master and the sheer volume of information one has to process from the very get-go is starteling which might be offputting to a more casual type of player. So prepare to go through a lengthy tutorial process and a long learning curve.Be aware that this isn't 'early access' but a long-established community. Consequently, players might be less understanding of newcomers. On the bright side, there is a well-developed market and team system.Basically, you must know that in order to like this game you should be prepared to really invest some time and effort. For those who do, it might yield a satisfying gaming experience. Everybody else will probably be over-burdened by the complexety of this game."
,Not Recommended,223410,10142247,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Silent Interface,"I just couldn't stand how this game was set up. The trailer up there was very deceiving. I expected something like Mechwarrior online, having an easier time with the combat. But no, you have to bring up 5 menus to fight. The fighting is very RPG-style is understandable, but make it more engaging. There was too much clutter everywhere. The graphics are bad for today, maybe good for something like 2003 or older. I didn't like all the transporting and this and that. I just wanted a mech game where I could jump in and shoot stuff and kinda do stuff (not on their basis), not your regular MMO. Items didn't even show up for the transport tutorial, which I don't even deem necessary for a game where the main aspect seems to be fighting, which is complicated as f*ck."
,Not Recommended,223410,28573643,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Laren X,"[EN]If I remember correctly, I played this game 16 years ago [nc]. Today, it looks pretty much the same (weak), is (still) very boring gameplay, it was empty and is still empty. It looks like Eve Online, and is even worse than EO. Annoying, clumsy, contrived, boring, etc. ...It has only one advantage: you pay once you play forever. And that's it.[PL]Jeżeli dobrze pamiętam, grałem w tę grę 16 lat temu [bc]. Dziś, wygląda prawie tak samo (słabo), ma (nadal) ogromnie nudny gameplay, była pusta i nadal jest pusta. Wygląda jak Eve Online i jest jeszcze gorsza od EO. Irytująca, toporna, przekombinowana, nudna, itd. ...Posiada absolutnie jedną zaletę: płacisz raz, grasz zawsze. I tyle."
76561198047697855,Not Recommended,223410,9988857,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,ivanba,I do not recommend and I pitty the money I paid for it. if you want to give it a try then there is 15 days free trial. Be sure to try before buying.
,Not Recommended,223410,10262783,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Loliebayed,"Mad because you missed out on the EvE Beta?  Longing for the 2007 Graphics?  Wishing you could play a ground-based clunky version of EvE?  Well then this is the game for you!  Hurry, its not long before they get sued!"
,Not Recommended,223410,9971342,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Batmat,"Purchased Perpetuum off a few seconds of video and for a hope of an open world epic mech game.  After less then an hour I am already ready to give up......this game is Very similar to Eve Online with the way with controls are handled, minus Eve's years of optimizations.As it is now, this game is a Clicky fest with a REALLY terrible UI and point command controls.PS: the game is still in early alpha so results may change.  I will not be revisting until a much later date."
76561198102011989,Not Recommended,223410,12384492,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,CloakingSilver,Overly complicated and laggy as all hell.
76561198087896567,Not Recommended,223410,13676281,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,[RAOG]richie234567,0/10I sat down to play the game and it started me off with a tutorial.  I thaught ok it has a tutorial that will take a few minutes to complete.  So I started going through the tutorial and after about fourty minutes I was about a sixth of the way through the tutorial and had no clue what I had done or how it applies to the game so i just quit because a 2-3 hour tutorial for a game is way too long.
,Not Recommended,223410,9964100,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,Deadlock,"Liked Eve Online, but found all those three dimensions really confusing? Try Perpetuum - all the spreadsheet grinding and watching paint dry of Eve, but with only TWO dimensions to tax your one remaining brain cell!"
,Not Recommended,223410,12547779,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Gadget,I had forgotten that I had already played this game for a few months a while back.  It is still boring PoS game with nothing interesting to do.
76561198033308586,Not Recommended,223410,9965998,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,merciless_night,That the most stupid walk in circle simulator i never did... but silly im still trying but god it got such an horrible learning curve that it wont last.
76561198012364082,Not Recommended,223410,12547762,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,deramin,I would lOVE to play this game but the tutorial is♥♥♥♥♥♥and I dont feel like spending 30 plus hours on youtube to figure it out .
76561198194462698,Not Recommended,223410,23786145,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Человек-Борщ,This game has absolutely no fun
,Not Recommended,223410,10520506,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,borgie pooh,♥♥♥♥
76561198136656103,Not Recommended,223410,11197620,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Pie,"I dont usually review games, but worth 30 dollars ive spent."
76561198026762598,Not Recommended,223410,10013554,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,lls4mtm,"Its alright. Starts you off with 10,000,000 [currency] and unlimited skills and after u finish the intro missions it takes all of it away and drops you off with no further explanation. Not what I would describe as a fast paced mmo in any way when you have a fixed amount of daily progression and increase in skill undefined by what you have the skill to do or not."
,Not Recommended,223410,9993212,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,TheGreatGooglyMoogly,Impressions so far... Awful unreadable user interface. Waste of money.
,Not Recommended,223410,24103909,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Ramus,"I have a computer that is capable of running The Witcher 3 on medium settings at 60 FPS. This game looks like it's from 2002, and it locks to 30 when I run it at max graphics. Unacceptable."
76561198088862696,Not Recommended,223410,34750980,Posted: 4 September,all,Malformed_Thots,Dead finally. Game sucked.
,Not Recommended,223410,10082295,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,NotoriousPyro - PyroNexus.com,"Terrible game, wish I hadn't wasted my money on this junk. EVE is far more fun than this monotonous junk."
,Recommended,223410,12539281,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,D.e.v.i.O.S ,EVE had a baby with Supreme Comander 2And boy is it an attention horde =)
76561197964773767,Not Recommended,223410,9955015,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,CramTheDestroyer,"wash rinse repeat of eve online, just with mechs instead of ships. the premise of eve online and perpetuum is a great one, but balancing in eve was disgusting. all the time spent in eve could be wiped away in seconds, and perpetuum feels exactly like eve. i refuse."
76561197974786573,Not Recommended,223410,9952834,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,roze krabkonijntje,ziet er vetter uit dan als het is te ingewikkelde menus
,Not Recommended,223410,12581886,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Floof,There goes another $29
76561197987962175,Not Recommended,223410,12570141,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Hecktar,"Horrible game! DO NOT BUY! Should be free since it has a cash shop, even if it was I wouldn't play it though."
,Not Recommended,223410,14112739,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Ambedrake,"Great alternative to EVE Online, population is not overcrowded as of yet and input to developers is direct (though requires good arguments for convincing.) Players are able to directly contribute to the game in some ways such as with vector graphics designs for corporation logos, tool creation, and other ways.Currently the game needs more players in order to increase the balance of powers, which isn't too hard to do with diligance.The game does suffer from lag due to some datacenter issues that are being worked on, and there are only a small amount of developers (Not unheard of from indy games) so patience is key. Tickets for support have a quick turn around time though can require some technical knowledge by the player to help solve problems.Edit: Dev's disappear on long 'breaks', the game world is still tragically small meaning only room in the game for a few groups and little to no room for new groups to come in and expand (our group actually came in and became a power player with simple strategy easily.) With out some major updates and world level expansion, I can not recommend this game at this time.Current Rating : 3/5 Stars"
76561198154713398,Recommended,223410,22152756,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Cybertech345,Takes abit to get past tutorial slow lvling would like to get a full sized Mech instead of these little dudes you get to start with.Takes a very very long time to save up credits to even get a full sized mech.
,Not Recommended,223410,13833096,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,DekuTree [Dekutree.org],lack of players... what more do I have to say...
