user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198068852662,Not Recommended,223510,12410215,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,LP,"This game was rather attractive when I first spotted it some years ago. Everything felt good at first but after a while I left it. Why? This game, in my opinion, is quite limited. For you are not truly free in your actions. Yes, you got an illness and that's a valid handicap to make gaming more interesting. But that doesn't entirely explain why, for instance, I need to redo some actions which are not that interactive.I'll give you some examples:Discovery:In order to know where you are you need to triangulate your position, it is not difficult and neither bad, but it grows dull after a while and then you feel like gonna quit (luckily you can find some maps at times). The map automatically shows your position which you have triangulated (this is okay) adding some unknown areas (quite unrealistic and I did not like it very much). It would have been better giving you a map of the island, or pieces of it, and then had to triangulate. Some books are filled with a rather common plot but still quite interesting at times. Player movements are really odd: it is completely uncomfortable for the character finds very difficult to climb flat hills.Research:1) You find a flower2) You pick it up3) You take it back to one of the labs within the island4) You run a research over it and soon after process it (in a standardized way indeed for any item you find)5) You get an output: an aspirine or some sort of boost or whateverThis feels very annoying and repetitive after a while. One pro point is that it there's a huge variety of stuff to find and analyse. It would have been quite cool if your working lab had an interactive feature on it.Enemies:The only enemy you have is some sort of black lion-like creature which can kill you with a single blow. It can be everywhere around the map, especially at night during which is almost invisible (this is a good feature indeed). Weapons like knives or rocks prove useless. This is another interesting point which makes gameplay less boring. But still devs had to put some sort of weapon with which you could stun it (for more than a handful of seconds) instead of running away with the thing right just behind you (both you and the creature are liable to some glitches like getting stuck between trees). In order to go ahead with the game you'll encounter it a lot. Same point as before: annoying and repetitive.There are some intangible enemies like fever and thirst but they are easily manageable if you get the hang of the game.You can say: ""The game implies you're desperate to survive"". But I think that if they added some sort of food & build (placing a small camp given the necessary tools and items) mechanics, or just giving more interactive features on the things you do as a habit, it would have been a really good game.In short:I do not recommend this game to anyone who doesn't like doing the same stuff all the time. This game had the potential to be a good game indeed.This is my review, now you are free to choose. I don't give Universal principles here and there so you do what you want.Thanks for reading."
,Recommended,223510,13466664,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Dr. Dank,"Seriously one of the most profoundly underrated games I have ever played.Things Miasmata did that were totally amazing and have not been properly replicated before or since:*A completely original exploration based gameplay concept from the triangulation mapping*A sense of maintained suspense and horror thanks to the complete unpredictability of the monster that can show up at any time or not show up for hours as you explore.*A player character that feels legitimately weak and frail when injured. Your injuries and dehydration make the character more difficult to control and more prone to tripping and falling. Your characters momentum will frequently send you careening off cliffs in a panic unable to stop yourself in time, especially when running from the aforementioned monster.It is a good game."
,Recommended,223510,18704865,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Old Man Reed,"I STUMBLED AROUND IN THE BUSHES FOR 15 GODS DAMNED HOURS DOING DRUGS I MADE OUT OF THE LOCAL FLORA.alright, now that i got that out of the way:miasmata.  a game in which you have the plague, walk like a drunk on rollerskates, and make drugs to keep the plague at bay.  you also occasionally get stalked by what i have dubbed the ""cantalope.""cons:-you control like a drunk on rollerskates-you're bad at everything-lots of walking-the plague-some of the drugs/achievables are bugged-i apparently misread some of the cartography rules and had the world's worst map for the first bitpros:-you control like a drunk on rollerskates-you're bad at everything-atmospheric-really pretty-the cartography is pretty neat-stop being a child and learn to read a map-MAKE THE DRUGS-DO THE DRUGS-the cantalope is probably my favourite monster ever because it's exactly what it should be.  damn near wet myself the first time i ran into it.-the cantalope is pretty chill once you get to know him-seriously though, i've been in quite the state before and handled minor inclines better than richard here."
76561198013248665,Recommended,223510,15027512,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,inlaid.roses,"One of the richest exploration experiences I have gotten from a game. The triangulation cartography system is brilliant, and carelessness will get you lost (and probably killed). The main objective of the game -- find plants, synthesize medicines, cure the plague -- is entertaining, though sometimes I wished for a little more depth in the story and the mechanics.This game made me wish that the developers had more funding, because they could have made a great game instead of a good game with a few very cool concepts. I think that feeling is a mark of how well they succeeded."
,Recommended,223510,16116005,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,supercrazy,"Miasmata is made with humble graphics and an eye (or four eyes) for technology. It executes mapping and movement shockingly well, both concepts working in unison with the fundamental idea of player disempowerment.The character trips, stumbles and gains momentum on an incline. Traversing the environment feels realistic within reason, and the quickest way to a point ahead is not always a straight line.Cartography is tedious and the nature compelling enough that the player is likely to wander off the beaten path and fall into two possible scenarios: inside, safe or outside, lost. Loss of direction evokes glimpses of freedom rarely experienced in a video game.The systems can be time-consuming to grasp and the solution to the mystery surrounding the player is scattered and abstruse. But why should things be easy to understand?"
,Recommended,223510,32224572,Posted: 6 June,all,BigMommaWolf,"I haven't played this game in a while but I recently told a friend about it, and it has inspired me to play it again. It really needs more positive reviews, so here I go.This game is gorgeous- no, not just graphics wise.I appreciated the little hidden lore details added in this game, as well as the thought put into the placement of plants around the islands. If there wasn't a constant threat of a strange creature and a plague-like illness, I would still enjoy walking around, exploring, and collecting all the plants.If you're looking for a nice walking and exploring game, this will probably fill that desire for you, as it did me. Hopefully the beast won't spoil that for you. I didn't encounter the critter enough for it to be a large threat and I was able to avoid him with enough thought and careful stalking. The first few times you meet him, he'll likely freak your biscuits to no end, but after a time, your encounters with him will become ironically whimsical as you try to throw apples at him for achievements or just groan 'go ahead and kill me, my fever is too high to get away from you'.I of course loved the triangulation feature the most. It really gave me a nice challenge. I'm one of those few people with a remarkable sense of direction, so having no clear map and a very dense forest to explore made me quite happy.For having little game development experience, I thought Joe and Bob Johnson did a fantastic job of building a unique game experience from the ground up. I'm proud of them in this almost maternal way. Haha."
76561197975986187,Recommended,223510,11407020,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,moks,"This is the first survival game I've played that really makes use of nature as an Antagonist. In all my playtime I have yet to see ""The Beast"", although I know twice he's been near, which always adds a little tension.But on more than one occasion I have found myself doing a perfect Nathan Drake ""NO NO NO"" as I lose my footing on a cliff and careen down the side, losing my precious herbs and axe along the way. Landing at the bottom of an unknown section of map, with a major fever.This game has the most robust mapping system I have ever seen, relying on known waypoints and a compass to open your map, which you then use to triangulate your position, then adding the option to plot out unmarked waypoints, opening up more map. Make no mistake, if you don't like cartography or map-reading you will dislike this game. But, if you are into conquering nature while trying to map out a survival plan for yourself then this is the game for you. The mapping is the highlight of this game for me, it is fantastically implemented and should be the standard for any game going forward that uses a mechanic like building a map based on exploration.Focusing on exploration and narrative over scares and enemies, your wits are put to the test. Get stuck at night in the wilderness in a section that you have not mapped well and you'd better hope you run across a makeshift camp, or you're dead. yes, Nature is a formidable foe in this game.With a beautiful island (which seems HUGE in scope), and a backstory from the early 1900's that plays out through scattered notes, there is an elusive mystery to uncover whilst acheiving the main game end-goal, which is to find 3 suitable plants that make a cure for the plague (which you are suffering from). With dozens of plants to find on the island you will find your eyesight put to the test as you watch for plants and man made objects to triangulate your map with, all the while keeping note of your surroundings for footing and dangers. Add in research stations that let you analyze your plants and then make different medicines with them, leading to buffs for your character to keep his health, endurance and sanity up and you're adding in hours of careful playtime.The movement system is just as unique as the rest of this game. As a plague victim you are succumbing to the effects of the disease. Stay hydrated, stay feverless. The movement is based on a physics engine that reacts to the environment around you; climbing uphill dehydrated, you WILL know, you will feel the struggle. Going down a steep incline too fast? You will lose your footing, possibly sending you hundreds of feet downwards in a spiralling arc, hurting and disorienting you. Which could easily lead to a swift death. It's not perfect in it's execution, but it is something entirely different that really adds a unique aspect of challenge to the gameplay. Heavily wooded areas increase the chance of slipping on wet leaves. riverbeds are rocky, adding to the fall factor. Swamps get deep and there's always the chance of wading too deep, and if you're health isn't tended to, drowning becomes a real fear.I've hardly mentioned the Beast, as I have yet to encounter him. The Beast randomely patrols the island, the AI is based on sight, smell and sound. When he's stalking you, your heartbeat becomes your indicator. Hide or run, lose the Beast and you're alright...but if he continues to get closer you may have to fight him off, using weapons found around the Island, but I am told that fighting is for fools. Flee and stay hidden. I really don't mind that I have yet to come face-to-face with him. The Beast is almost as much about emotional fear than jump scares. But IMO, he is second to Nature as to the dangers around you.Saving relies on light. Fires, candles and lanterns populate the island, find one and light it and you have a saved game. A beautiful day/night cycle is active, with beds that allow you to sleep, save and skip a few hours ahead. Sticks can be used as torches at night to help in almost pitch-black wilderness, don't let The Beast see that light!I could go on and on about how much I enjoy this game, how great the community is; I could talk about the mods available that make it a more challenging and daunting survival sim. I could also tell you how much value I find in this game for only $15. But you should find out for yourself.If you want a real survival challenge, that fiinally makes nature the main antagonist (while keeping the game exciting and challenging) then Miasmata is the game for you. The laerning curve is in the medium range of difficulty, but the community is always ready to help out, and there are plenty of guides to help you get started.Highly enjoyable, highly recommended. :)"
,Not Recommended,223510,30971453,Posted: 5 April,all,Bold Impression,"A few years ago, Steam began an ambitious and promising new program called Steam Greenlight, a place where aspiring developers could, for a small fee and compliance with a few simple instructions, post information, screenshots, video, and updates about their game projects for Steam users to vote on. Those that reached a certain number of votes would, when development had finished, be released on the Steam platform.I remember I was looking at colleges when I saw the program for the first time. An important task, yes. But I realized how important the program was and how the landscape of independent development was changing. Greenlight would allow developers with the best ideas to be easily published by a major company, something relatively unheard of before even in my lifetime. I quickly stopped what I was doing and browsed through the first wave of hopefuls, casting my votes.Miasmata was one of the first games I voted for. The game oozed potential all over the Greenlight page. For a two-man development team, the environment looked great and a fun place to explore. Gameplay looked fun and different, and the idea of interacting with the mysterious creature intrigued me. I was happy when the game was Greenlit and it became the first Greenlight game I purchased.While I am pleased at having been a small part of this game’s release I, unfortunately, still stand by the conviction I had when I voted for this game years ago: it still oozes potential. But after a release, that no longer becomes a good thing to say about a game. As a beta, Miasmata would be a hit. As a game right now, it is more a missed opportunity.The only area in which Miasmata thoroughly succeeds is in the sky effects and day-night cycle. I have yet to see any other game, independent or AAA, match them. Watching the sun rise and set, and the sky change from day to night, is stunningly beautiful and mesmerizing. Watching storm clouds march towards you is both ominous and entrancing. In all of this, the light compliments, accentuates, and stages(and hides flaws in) the environment well. Shutterbugs, fair warning: you will be snapping screenshots like crazy. For a few years, my own screenshots from Miasmata were the desktop backgrounds on my rig. The music is also very well done and I enjoy listening to it while I work.Miasmata also does pretty well in the overall feeling of exploration. The idea of setting out on a journey through a completely unmapped environment, and uncovering the map yourself, is thrilling (though I found the process of triangulation, albeit realistic, quite a pain). Collecting/analyzing plants and synthesizing medicines is also strangely interesting, probably because it’s so different from anything else I’ve done in games before.Said journey is often so engrossing that it’s very easy to forget that you’re not alone on the island. The creature (inspired by one of the developer’s cats) does not make frequent appearances (about once every 3 days), so every encounter is memorable and sometimes fatal. One of my favorite memories of playing Miasmata involves one such unexpected appearance. During my first month of college, I was playing the game while listening to an (optional) recorded lecture when the creature suddenly appeared. Giving him the slip was such a terrifying experience I had to rewind the lecture 20 minutes.Though moments like these are fun and memorable, they are also jarring, especially in an experience clearly more concerned about exploration. It almost brings up a discussion of identity crises, as there is little explanation (that I was able to find anyway) about what the creature is supposed to be or represent, except a way to occasionally terrorize the player and make them forget about what plant they were looking for. Would it be better if there was more explanation or analyzing of the creature? For that matter, what about making the rest of the plot more meaningful (the madman supposedly on the island, and the civil unrest where the protagonist came from)? Could Miasmata still be a game without the creature? Would it have been better with more emphasis on survival (fighting the creature, hunting for food, not just finding water, permanently deteriorating health to stem a sense of urgency to synthesize the cure? Etc.) My answer would be a yes to all of those—if everything else worked well.Strip all that away, and the rest of Miasmata suffers from a myriad of technical and artistic problems. As an individual with a degree in computer animation, this is both extremely disturbing but also fascinating—It’s like seeing everything I’ve been taught to avoid brought to life. If you do decide to take on this journey, be prepared to see stretched/wonky textures, broken trees, awkward animations (the final scene of the game is hilariously bad, as are the drinking animations), a funny typo at the end of the game, glitched/broken achievements, being able to pick up more than one item in one hand, and odd framerate drops. For the more the more CAD inclined, there is faceting in the animal models, texture seams visible in the arms/wrists, aliasing on the larger water surfaces, and intersecting geometry. Also be prepared to take your own notes on what plants do what, as the notebook is hopelessly disorganized and, later in the game, as more plants are analyzed, is missing information.I know that, to date, this is one of my harshest reviews. I am aware that I sound demanding. I am also aware that I sound ungrateful to the hard work that the two brothers at IonFX put into making this project, and to the dedicated work of Steam member DarkStarSword in creating fixes for some of the above-mentioned problems when IonFX abandoned it. But my reason for being so critical is because Miasmata deserves to be great. It deserves to be fixed. It deserves the love that DarkStarSword has given it—seriously, hats off to you, sir; a job well done and one that I hope you continue. He has proven that not only does the game deserve to be fixed but that it can be.At the end of the day, there would be too much of that oozing potential wasted to just say “yeah, I recommend this game for certain people, it was ok.” No, I do not recommend this game. Not yet. Because this is not the greatest it can be. Not by a long shot. But with people like DarkStarSword, it will get as close as it can to that ideal.It’s only a matter of time."
,Recommended,223510,8450305,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Lord Pariah,"-- this review is lengthy and i would advise you take a gander at it in full --A very fun and emotionally gripping experience.  Unlike other games that shoehorn survival elements in, or simply can't take the leap to make it pure survivalist, this indie game made by two brothers pulls it off.And how.If you read the store page description of the game, you'd know that you are a plague stricken scientist, reuniting with your colleagues on an island.. but, as in any video game, something has gone horribly wrong.  You find a blood soaked page, which details the cure's formula.  And off you go..As a pure survival game, there is no hunger mechanic, but there is thirst and fever.  Thirst naturally accumulates and you must rehydrate from clean water sources or canteens regularly.  Fever occurs from injury{falling from heights and getting scratched by a kittteh - more on Milo later} exertion (swimming, walking about), and ambiently, and you must take medicine that you craft from plants you find to offset it.  Or take a nap.You see, throughout the game, and exploring the island, you can pick up various plants and take them to camps where equipment is located to refine it and synthesize various medicaments and drugs that you take.  These range from simple aspirin to drugs that permanently increase your physical attributes - as well as the cure, which you learn about from the Bloody note that you find from the beginning - detailing three agents each made from two rare plants.Navigating the island is a challenge - you have no arbitrary minimap and you must fill in a map using triangulation.  Which basically means that you must take your map out and get line of sight with two ""known"" landmarks to fill in an area - simply going there does not suffice...  You can also triangulate distant landmarks by triangulating your position as normal, and then selecting said landmark as a third - you must do this from two different positions.  They even give you a compass.The actual mechanic of saving your game is quite interesting as well - you must sleep, select a candle, lantern, or put a log into a fire to save.Oh, and the graphics are pretty too.  The island is beatiful and has many different environments, from swamps to boreal forests to a mountainous japanese style bamboo forest.  They managed to put all hud elements from the game into immersive 3d meshes - the journal is actually a 3d object that you turn 3d pages in and read text right off the texture.  The map is the same deal.Now, onto my favorite part of the game.  The creature.  Well, that and the notes you find that add backstory - but more on that later.The creature is nicknamed Milo by the community, because it is based on the brothers' pet cat, MIlo.  Milo is a strange leopard-lion-elk thing that stalks you through your adventure.  He is very unique looking and can kill you with two swipes of his paws.  You must fend him off with a torch, throw rocks at him(Which may or may not just♥♥♥♥♥♥him off), or break line of sight to get him to go away.  You cannot fight back, and I wouldn't suggest running, as he'll catch up to your plague-ridden♥♥♥♥♥♥in seconds and anjoy a pre cooked meal, courtesy of fever.  His eminent presence can be detected through upgrades to your stats and a heartbeat sound that grows more rapid as he gets near.  Beware the Milo, for you cannot fight back.The story is introduced through the notes you find in the camps throughout the game, ranging from journals, letters, and newspaper clippings, to your colleagues and your own's research notes.  I assure you, if you invest the time into collecting some of these you will not regret it.To top it all off, the satisfying and inspiring ending and final cutscenes, as well as the musical tracks and environments make for such a great indie experience that I cannot recommend this enough for those that have the patience - and if you don't well there are decent guides out there.  And even then there remains the experience of exploring and avoiding Milo."
,Not Recommended,223510,7757847,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,General Rye,"Great concept, poor execution.First off, I'll start with what I liked about the game.Mapping is pretty cool, the idea of using triangulation to uncover the map and mark yourself/landmarks is awesome and works fairly well.The island is large, there is tons to explore, and the game lets you do just that if you want.Night time is dark, and you can easily get lost if you don't have a light.The idea of finding, identifying, and mixing different flora of the island together to make different tonics/medicines is nice.The slightly bad.Map at night. If you're not holding anything, then you pull out your lighter at night to view the map. But if you're holding anything before pulling it out (including a torch) the map ends up being a useless black square in the dark. Requiring you to drop your torch and have it roll away every time you want to look at the map.Weapons. Why give me knives/axes if they're completely useless?The ""Creature"". I played this game for 5 hours and only saw the ""creature"" once. It found me when I was out in the open and had nowhere to hide, so I just kept watching it while walking backwards towards the closest hut. It never attacked me, just followed a few feet away the enire time. Once I reached the hut it wandered off, never to be seen again.The bad.Your character controls like a 400 pound blob wearing bowling shoes. Once you get the slightest bit of momentum going, it's really hard to stop. This had me constantly running off cliffs and falling down hills that I should've been able to stop infront of. Any slight incline and you will either start sliding or just start running down it. This makes exploring extremely frustrating at times.While I have stopped playing out of frustration, I may pick it up again at a later date to see if they've updated it at all. I really do love the idea of this game, and could probably have forgiven a majority of the flaws, but the controls ruined the experience for me. They drove me absolutely insane and were the sole reason I stopped playing the game. It's unfortunate, but I just can't reccomend this game because of the controls."
,Recommended,223510,16271032,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,MellowDan,"Heavy on exploration. Light on gameplay. This is not a game for everyone.Miasmata is one of those modern indie games that, in my opinion, is striving to be an artsy like experience than what is traditionally considered a game by the average joe. And just like those games with similar aspirations, the gameplay is diminshed so the player can be wowed by the ""experience"".And that's why I was on the fence when deciding to recommend this because I couldn't help but feel that this game could've been grander if the developers spent more time on the gameplay aspect. However, it's hard to overlook what effort they did put in the environment/sound effects and I think it paid off.Miasmata is beautiful to explore. Realistic looking and massive in size along with its varied topography, it's almost like hiking in a national park.  But, it has a dark character and history to it as well that will become apparent if you decide to play it.I only recommend this game to those who love exploring natural, beautious environments (and finding flowers for a cure) because that's what 90 percent of this game is. On the other hand, if you're the type of person who needs something constantly happening in the game, then you'll probably be bored with this one."
,Recommended,223510,7917467,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Falem,"IntroMiasmata focuses on throwing you into a realistic open world experience, where surviving the wilderness to find a cure for yourself is the goal. What sets this game apart from other open world games is how important the mechanics are when it comes to navigation and shelter. You really have to learn how to map out areas by using landmarks to avoid being lost.  You want to be able to also make medicine in case you stumble and fall and end up with a fever.Physics Create ConsequenceThere is actual consequences for not watching your balance thanks to the physics in this game. It really feels like you are a vulnerable person on a island trying to find a cure and any misstep can lead to to plunge right off a cliff if you don’t slow down enough.AI is UnpredictableThe AI is also less predictable when making his presence known since he does not get scripted to certain triggers but rather roams around the island.  This actually adds more suspense when you compare it to games like Amensia because the confrontation with the beast is not obvious and can happen at any time.GatheringGathering plants allows you to craft various potions that reward you with stat increases or help reduce fever, resulting in a rewarding experience when exploring the island .The storage system for the plants makes it easier to go from one place to the next without worrying about how much room you have left.Issues and ConclusionI have had some graphical issues that I am currently working on fixing but other than that I would say the game is very enjoyable."
76561198086497152,Recommended,223510,12748755,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,mouse,"Im gonna begin this review with two definitions of horror: You got cheap/graphical horror, in wich its mostly based on jumpscares or things that are scary to look at. you dont need to be skilled to do so, since even little kids can hide behind a curtain and give you a jumpscare. And then you got psychological horror. The tension slowly builds up. you fear what you cannot see, because you know its there. and eventually it will come out.Miasmata uses the last one briliantly. The feeling of being watched is constant. a must have for tense survival fans.The graphics are not that good, but its an indie game made by 2 dudes, so i guess you should judge that. comparing it with, lets say, Battlefield 3 is like comparing your uncle Doe´s lil shop with Wal-Mart.In overall, it requires some patience to deal with some unpolished controls, but its definitively worth it."
,Not Recommended,223510,19960865,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,S7ЯIDΞЯ,"Ice skating simulator 2012.I really want to like this game, but the gameplay is so agonizing, it's hard to keep going. I like the triangulation idea, and the premise seems intriguing, but the bread and butter of it all is very clunky. I understand it's survival, and the ""realism"" of the walking, slipping, climbing, etc. But in the end it really detaches me from the game. Slipping off cliffs, hours spent walking (sliding?) at a crawling pace, fetch this plant here, take it there, I just can't do it.It's certainly a test of patience, and I have quite a bit, but not for this. Everyone seems to like it though, which is good. It's just not for me. I need a better execution for a game that requires these things."
,Recommended,223510,17347484,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Ωhmnoom-kin,"Definitely an unique game experience if you are into area exploring and you failed your botanology real life dream.Wouldn't recommend this for everyone. As a stranded plague infected wanderer on a unknown island, your best friends will be a compass and your own made map. Soon you discover the island flora can be well helpful as for temporary or permanently boosting your abilities, possibly helping you overcoming a plague too. During your research you will need to watchout for all kinds of landmarks which you need to triangulate or mark to expand your map, without this you will get pretty much lost and hunted.7,5/10; As a game made just by 2 people this is kind of top notch result as for atmosphere or music which sadly plays only during specified events. PS: Watchout for a lot of bugged achievements."
,Recommended,223510,653219,"Posted: 7 August, 2013",all,Raduki,"== Story ==Miasmata's storyline is not very complicated and easy to grasp, while at the same time being deep. With deep I mean there are a lot of notes scattered around the island that can give a greater depth to the story, if you care to read them.You are a scientist, stricken by plague and on hunt for a cure. You are washed up on a mysterious island, Eden. Eden is home to the plants and fungi that are nevessary ingredients of the sought-after cure. On this island you find yourself alone, with empty camps and a few dead bodies around the island. Or are you really alone?== Gameplay ==Miasmata is a free roaming exploration-centered survival-game. It is free roaming and exploration-centered as you are dropped on a mysterious island with no clear objectives. You must find your own way around the island, and exploring it is very much a part of doing so.It doesn't have a very heavy emphasis on the ""survival""-part, as the only things you must do in order to stay alive is drink water, stay out of deep water and not fall off cliffs or slip into the hands of a hungry creature.Most of the gameplay boils down to five things:- Trying to triangulate your position and reveal new portions of the (fairly large) map.- Picking flowers- Drinking water- Trying to navigate up or down a steep hill- Running (as means of travel or trying to avoid a threat)That being said, it may sound very basic and boring. Well IT IS NOT. I found it very satisfying to explore the map, trying to find a new camp or new objects I can triangulate. Once I found a new camp I got a tickly feeling in my entire body. Finding a new flowers and bringing it back to the base while hoping that it is of some use to you gives you a feeling that other games rarely can give.== Graphics ==Miasmata is made by a two-man team and the engine that powers the game is made by just the two of them. With this in mind, Miasmata could be a worse-looking game. Sure, it doesn't look like an AAA-title like Battlefield, and the animations are a bit wonky. But what do you expect?It does succeed in giving the game a very cozy and atmospheric feeling, which is core in a game like this. Never did I once during the game (except for maybe the first minutes) feel that ""This game could really use some better graphics"".== Summary ==Miasmata may have some weird movement from time to time, the graphics aren't the best, and you would hope that a scientist could carry more than three flowers at the same time.But what it lacks in those parts, and some other parts aswell, it makes more than well up for in the other parts. Exploration is fun and extremly satisfying, especially when you find a new camp that has important notes or when you find a new fungi that is part of the cure. Triangulating your position in order to reveal parts of the map is hard but rewarding, something that many games are missing.What made me buy this game at first I don't really know. What kept me playing was pretty much everything in the game. Do I recommend this game? Yes, I do."
,Recommended,223510,9535543,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Toysoldier,"Miasmata is a game with a great sense of adventure and exploration. Majority of the time is spent just exploring with no fear of danger leaving you to plot and map out the island as you go. The mechanics for taking notes on landmarks you see and using them to get your bearings around the island to fill out the map more is great fun and very rewarding. It is quite unique and I have never seen it in a game before. By using buildings, statues, and stone formations you can use triangulation to check your location and add your surroundings to the map you create.The creature that roams the island can be a positive or a negative for many people whether they are looking for some slight horror and suspense of hiding from it, or if they just don't want to be bothered by it. The creature isn't a constant threat and holds a good balance to appease either type of player. When the creature draws near your heart pounds and you do your best to stay hidden and hope it passes.The game works very well with exploration and filling out the log book and looking for specific plants to be used in antidotes and medicines help drive you to explore more. Though you will want to keep exploration to the days as much as possible making your way to camps to rest through the night. The night time is extremely dark and after losing track of time and getting stranded in the middle of the night you will never want to be left out again stumbling through the darkness hardly able to see what lies ahead.If you enjoy the slower pace and exploration which you most likely do if you care enough to look at reviews and recommendations about the game then you won't be disappointed. This game draws you into the world and makes you want to spend time in it seeing what lies just over the next crest.I highly recommend it, there isn't much like it."
,Recommended,223510,32779431,Posted: 25 June,all,Hazelnut,"Unique experience, very memorable. Triangulating and navigating is wonderful, and it's a real shame there's no other ganes like this.One of those I wish I could wipe memory of so I could have that first time feeling again!"
,Recommended,223510,13738922,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Ellie,"Miasmata is an ""exploration"" game, you wake up on an island and have to find plants to create an cure for the disease you're suffering from. You have to wander through the forests, spot and collect plants, then carry them back to somewhere you can identify them and their effects.You are also chased by ""something"" during all this, but I won't tell more about it here ;)What makes the essence of that game is the Cartography Mechanic. Basically, you'll have to build your map on your own, not to get lost. To reveal the map, you have to stand at a particular spot and aim with your compass to 2 known objects (houses / statues / ruins) that you know, so you'll be able to triangulate your position and reveal the map.Then, the ""how to get in the forest without being lost"" will make your brain cells works.The graphics are beautiful, every tree has been ""hand-placed"" by the two developpers (they have made the entire game, including the physics engine, on their own... that's incredible).[Pros] :+ Awesome graphics, really (but don't hope playing with a low-end GC), better than some AAA Games+ The feeling of being ""lost"" on that Island ; this is the sole game where I really had the feeling that I was lost xD+ A real ""exploration game"", where you're thrown in and don't know what to do at first+ The Cartography mechanics, quite unique if you like it. It serves the ""I am lost"" feeling[Cons] :- English only, do not buy if you only speak your native language (other than English)- Your character has soap under its feet (not actually, it's realistic, but too realistic xD)~ The whole game relies on exploration, there is (almost) no ennemy (except the controls)~ If you don't like the cartogrpahy system, you won't like that game[Conclusion] : If you're ok with English, like exploration, wouldn't be bothered by a lack of ennemies, have a good GC and want to really feel ""lost"" in a game, give it a try ;) 8.5/10"
,Recommended,223510,115427,"Posted: 26 June, 2013",all,ɴᴜᴄʟᴇᴜs ᴀᴄᴄᴜᴍʙᴇɴs φ,"Such a fascinating experience!  Miasmata is a pretty unique adventure with an interesting little story. This game is all about cartography and exploration. The main goal's to find the plants that will help you elaborate medicines, tonics & the three necessary agents you'll need to cure yourself from the disease. A greater number of activites to perform on the island would have been appreciated but it's still fun and rewarding to discover new areas, different vegetation and plants.The graphics aren't that impressive but the art style is pretty engaging (I especially like the notes and drawings that you can find in your diary). The weather changes are very well done as well as the day/night cycle.Nevertheless, If you're mainly looking for combats and advanced crafting, it's very unlikely that Miasmata will fill your expectations."
76561198052278173,Recommended,223510,25567834,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,w.xscode,"I'm absolutely loving this game.  I've uncovered just over half the map and it's been an amazing journey. This is the thinking mans - and womans - kind of game.  Plan your trips, watch your terrain, think about what you are doing, if you go wandering blind you're in for getting seriously lost.The cartography system is marvelously innovative and once it dawned on me how this actually works I've been searching out landmarks to uncover even the smallest piece of the map.Finding that one plant you've been looking for feels like a massive accomplishment - the map is large! And you did it by using your wits and your compass.If you're tired of zombies, cannibals and scary dog vampires in survival games - this is the game for you.  Your enemy is the terrain itself, since you are terminally ill, you will slip down steep slopes, slow down when running over rocks...The momentum and balance system in this game is probably the most realistic travesement of terrain I have ever experienced and once you learn that you HAVE TO TAKE CARE OF YOURSELF while running around sick it all clicks.The graphics are a bit dated by todays standards - but it's still a pretty enough game and the islands so interesting Ive forgotton all about the fact this isnt Crysis-pretty.Since I didnt buy this game for months due to the issues claimed on the negative reviews I feel I must clear some things up.It makes no sense buying a game where the developers CLEARLY states you are a very sick man, then complain you cant Rambo your way through it.If you simply don't understand or care to find out how to use or compensate for momentum it does not make the game bad.  Use the momentum gained from downhill slides to run half way up the next slope.  If you're in a bad slide, drop to all fours.But most importantly, the terrain is your enemy - treat it with respect.  If it's too steep, find another way.  Calling a game trash because they've given you a new mechanic to figure out, but it's not the mechanic YOU wanted and you can't be bothered to figure out how to move forward without breaking your neck is laughable.Running back and forth for plants to make meds??  Wait, what?  I've played an entire Saturday and most of Sunday and in all that time I've used 4 meds.  Simply because I was careless.  If you sleep every night and watch your footing you will NEVER HAVE TO TAKE A SINGLE MED.  If you're constantly searching for meds you're trying to Rambo again.You can carry 3 flowers in your hand.  The flowers are scarce and storage close enough that only once did I have to leave a less important flower behind.  I did not even bother to go pick it up as you have several different flowers you can use to make the same med and they normally grow right outside the lab huts.The game runs perfectly smooth on my computer.Understand that this game requires you to be careful and foremost take care of yourself and you will come to appreciate the innovation that was used while making Miasmata.  As a side note, once you've completed your secondary objectives and restored your stats to normal, you get to be a little more Rambo if you want while searching for the cure.About the creature, its appearance is few and far between - just hide from it you'll be ok.This game is fun, innovative, slow paced and interesting with zero combat and deeply enjoyable.  Understand what it is and what it isnt and you will find yourself out and about with your compass and map for hours, checking your watch because you sure do not want to be caught in the pitch dark tonight.8/10.  Loads of the more relaxed kind of fun!"
,Recommended,223510,3193548,"Posted: 5 January, 2013",all,DarkStarSword,"Freaking excellent survival / adventure / exploration game. If you enjoyed just exploring open world games like Skyrim of Far Cry 3 you have to play this game.This game has the best cartography / mapping system ever - forget automaps, you will be drawing lines on a map with a compass to figure out where you are, and if you get lost (say, by taking a wrong turn at night when you can only see about 1 meter in front of you), you WILL be lost.Also features one absolutely terrifying Kitty / Lion / Bull / Goat / Frog ... err, thing, but there is NO combat system (other than throwing rocks), so you'll eaither be hiding or running when you see it.The game also looks absolutely gorgeous - sure, many of the models have lowish polygon counts or could do with a higher res texture, but zomg look at that sunset! Oh... it's night now?Update: I recently wrote a story on the experience I had in this game that made me fall in love with it and why it became my #1 game of all time:http://steamcommunity.com/app/223510/discussions/0/540741131417338368/#c540741131521570753"
,Recommended,223510,8661246,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,sam,"The biggest problem with video games nowadays is that the breathing noises are really unrealistic. Miasmata aimed to fix that, and I think in Hindi, Miasmata means ""HEAVY BREATHING SIMULATOR 2K9"" so it is a really fitting title. The basic premise is that you're washed up on an island and you have to find a cure for your fever and also your long term illness. The fever makes everything blurry and you're really weak as well and you can die from drowning and fatigue which is really exciting because I can empathise with the main character. The graphics are great and there's a load of suspense, it's also reaaaally easy to get lost on the island. Yesterday I ran out of breath climbing some stairs and I can see now why this game is so realistic and great."
76561198064143027,Recommended,223510,23407644,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,FearTheMoose,"The woods calling your name?Need a great hiking game?Miasmata is greatgo out by the lakeand enjoy a night in the rain.The game is gorgeous, you see.The wilderness captivated me.Animals populate the world,see the cute little squirrels,And beetles and butterflies and bees.But a game about walking is boring.Unless theres a story tucked in.There's a plague and some guys,but WHOOPS they all died,and a monster wants to eat you for din-dins.Now there are problems within.For you see, there's more than walking.You run and you slidethere's no way to hideand the inertia is poorly written.The basis of the game is find plants.But not just for sustenence.You need them for medsor you'll wind up deadwith a monster doing the happy dance.You use traingulation to find your way,Which is neat as you map out each day.But the trails are confusingYou just keep on losingyour place, and wind up astray.So it's great for looking around,wildlife and vistas abound,But when you can hear your heart,and the frantic bits start,You'll just wind up hurt on the ground."
,Recommended,223510,12795309,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,d00ty (Luke),"I absolutely HATE! Horror games, the acception being Damned, but I found it in my heart to but this game for £9.99 a year ago and ever since... I only have 5 hours on the game. Heres why, I HATE THE MONSTER!, when I was playing I realised that if you run he finds you easier in the first minute of the game I drowned... So sad. The game is challenging for wimps like me because its only about 2% of the time you see the monster but you spend 98% of the time cowering hoping to never see him. But he will find you... He will... Trust me. I did learn something cool about the monster and it's what made me buy the game. The monster doesn't just appear when you go to a certain place (Sometimes he does but thats only in places where theres something to do with the cure there (don't quote me on that)) he actually is always moving and when your in your lab making some science shizzles he's out there following your trail and looking for you... He's not just going to appear when you go somewhere, he appears whenever he has tracked you down! The starting area is safe but once you cross that line the beast will GET YOU!!!! Overall I like the game even though I hate horror games, but hey we all hate something right?, but this one will give you the creeps!9/10 Good but losing that plant that you needed being chased by the monster is a bummer :(P.S. He appears more the more time into a save you do. Example, Day 1: You won't see him unless you run in circles the entire day, Day 2: You might encounter him briefly, Day 5: You will see him on multiple occasions by now, Day 10: You will see him everyday, Day 20: How are you still alive?"
76561198045208825,Not Recommended,223510,28116470,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Shatiz,"Summary:Miasmata is not really a bad game, it has potential, but it is not one I would recommend anyone to play. It feels unfinished, like it is lacking some essential key aspects for making it a really good experience. The graphics, the story and the gameplay are all quite lacklustre. There are no puzzles, no character interactions and essentially no combat.Review:I finished the game, but I cannot say why, other than pure stubbornness.  The graphics are not too bad, but not exactly gorgeous (and view distance is pretty awful), which is a problem. The game consists almost exclusively of exploration, but there really isn't that much to explore. Sure, the island is big, but you don't really get those ""wow, what an awesome place"" experiences. You see an interesting looking ruin in the distance and you run there... and there is nothing to see. That's the experience you will have all the time, in between running through relatively bland vegetation.Similarly, the story is okay, with notes scattered around to give some idea of both who the people on the island were and the place they were coming from. But as you don't meet any people and the main character never speaks, there is a very empty feeling. I did not find all the notes, but the ones I did offered a pretty lacklustre story that evoked more ""Oh... okay then"" rather than ""Wow, I wanna find all the notes and figure out what is going on."". I found myself looking for the notes mostly to find maps of the area and directions to the cure ingredients. And its good that they are there, but it doesn't make them very interesting. Getting the ingredients also doesn't require any special ability or thought-process. It's all spelled out in the notes, you just have to walk to the right place. There are no puzzles in the game.So what about the gameplay? Well, there is very little. The game is actually very easy, I only died once... because the creature hit me through a wall. And it really is THE creature, because there is only one enemy type in the entire game. The only other enemy is the controls. You have to be careful of how you run as you are very likely to fall over, even at small inclinations. And you slide like you're wearing rollerskates. And falling will give you fever so you must make medicine. But that only serves to slow you down. If you don't run too fast and you avoid the creature (which is not very hard) you will be fine. And once you realise that, the tension kinda disappears. There is nothing to fear on this island but boredom.So overall, I did not hate my time with Miasmata, but the only really memorable part was the frustration from the controls. I would not play it again and I would not recommend it to anyone else."
,Recommended,223510,7834876,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,G0ldenSp00n,"Miasmata is a great game with tons of play time!  It is absolutely gorgeous having been made by two people!  Knowing what to do after being directed around for the entire begining is hard.  But once you realize it is now up to you to explore the game become completely different, because then you have a massive island to explore and search for the cure!  I would love to see food and water added to this game to increase the challenge - or at least the option for food or water or both.  I recommend this game to anyone who loves to adventure and explore and has a bit of roleplay in them.This Game is Epic!!"
76561198050359444,Not Recommended,223510,13949525,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Jam_Bam,"While the I think the game has a fresh concept and new gameplay mechanics, there's two main problems to this game that keep me from truly liking this game and reccomendin it. One, actually moving around is awful as it feels like you're controlling a drunk person and not a diseased plague patient. I had too many occasions where I went from calmly walking down a hill to the beach and quickly progressed to rolling headfirst down the hill into the water, killing the pc. Secondly, the game is just so freaking boring. Once the initial fifteen minutes are up and you really look at this game, there's not a whole lot to it. You go from one campsite to the next, getting lost while holding flowers, and keeping an eye out for The Beast. When you first spawn, you'll be a bit wary of the enemy until you realize that you'll rarely (if ever) encounter it and evading it isn't very difficult. Out of the many playthroughs I've had, I only ran into The Beast once and all I did was wave a handfull of burning sticks at it and it ran away. I am a bit dissapointed because there's definitely potential here, but the lack of a general story, present threat, and weird gameplay bog the whole thing down. It's unfortunate that these reasons are enough to make me uninstall this game from my computer and move on to other games worth my time."
76561198076143234,Recommended,223510,20037632,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Wuffles,"I don't see why some of the reviews bash on the walking mechanics. I understood it within minutes and intensely enjoyed how they made that work. It honestly feels like, to me, that your actually walking. If you ever actually gone out hiking when you're climbing giant mountains, you have to be careful you can't just Skyrim that crap and do miraculous things. Not that they were trying to make it all seem too real, just that their main focus is exploration, so they had to make exploration a challenge. I feel they succeeded perfectly in that manner.Within 20 minutes between hills and rocks and trails, you'll get the hang of the mechanics. If you like exploration you'd like this game. On a side note as well, the game is fun because its not a simple ""there's the destination marker on your map go towards it"". You actually have to read notes for certain locations and use your map and compass.*Game is stunning*Calm but eery*Challenging in exploration more so then any other game I've played*Gameplay long enough to be worth $3 damn dollars. Even the full price."
,Recommended,223510,25835350,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Audish,"I want you to try to picture a skill-based walking simulator. Stop before you get a nosebleed and pass out, just try to imagine how that would work. If that hurt your brain, then I'm happy to report that the fellows behind Miasmata came up with a pretty good approach to this conundrum. And while it certainly might not be for everyone, it's a pleasing and occasionally terrifying adventure for those it is.Miasmata is set in some kind of alternate 18th century where a plague is ravaging a society mistrustful of medicine. You've been infected and have traveled to a remote island where a cure is rumored to have been found. You soon find the island's inhabitants have all met strange and unfortunate ends, so it's up to you to concoct the cure yourself. This journey will take you to every corner of a sprawling and beautiful island, and pit you against something that doesn't want you to succeed.Because your avatar is deathly ill, there's not much more he can do than wander the island and collect plants to study. To create the cure you'll have to follow in the late researcher's footsteps, obtaining clues from their notes as to which plants must be combined in which ways. You can research the samples you find to make all sorts of medicines that heal or boost your strength or perception. Early on you can follow the paths between camps to make a lot of progress, but soon you'll be left to explore the island's open wilderness yourself to succeed.The big challenge in your way is finding your way around. You have a map and a compass but it does not update automatically or even show your location. Instead, the game has a whole orienteering system to master. To triangulate your location, you have to sight two of the landmarks that dot the island. This will fill in a chunk of the map around you, and add nearby landmarks as known. You can only use known landmarks to triangulate, but once you establish your location you can mark new landmarks as seen. Mark them from two different locations and they'll be added as known.It's a tricky system to get the hang of, and it drastically changes the approach to the game because getting lost in the wilderness is a very real concern. As a compromise towards survival, you only need to drink water to keep your illness at bay, but you can only get it from camps, fresh ponds, or your canteen which holds five draughts. Lose your way for too long and you can easily run out of water. The nights on the island are also exceptionally dark, which can make it nearly impossible to navigate home and add the very real threat of stumbling off a cliff.There are a lot of nods to realism in the mechanics, but none quite so dramatic as the movement physics. Of all the games I've ever played, Miasmata has probably the most realistic walking physics, and it can be just as awkward to wrangle as you're imagining. Your character slows down greatly when strafing or backing up, and can hardly climb inclines when doing so. Walking straight can get you up most hills, but make one misstep and you'll find yourself sliding or tumbling back down. You build momentum, too, so descending steep hills can easily become one of the most dangerous parts of the game. This might not sound very fun but considering how much walking there is in the game, it actually helps that it's something you have to learn to master.I mentioned a malevolent force on the island as well, but honestly it's a mixed bag. The creature is threatening and searches for you aggressively, requiring stealth or certain behavior to shake it from your scent. However, in the six hours I've put into the game so far, I've only encountered it three times. Twice I escaped by plunging off a cliff (falls don't kill you instantly, so you can medicate out of danger if you're prepared), and the third I heard it coming and simply turned around and backtracked until it disappeared. For most of the game it's bound to be a non-issue, but I'd be lying if I said I didn't panic a little every time I heard it about.In the end, Miasmata is really a hiking simulator first, a survival game second, and a horror game a very distant third. Most of your time with it will be spent deciding where to go, mapping out how to get there, and strolling along the beaches and forest paths. You can accomplish a lot just by sticking to the paths, as most of the critical camps are connected and give clear clues to what you should be looking for. The core design is solid, with some intelligent flow to the island and the discoveries, and it's backed up by some very competent indie graphics and genuinely good sound design. Not everyone is in the market for open-world hardcore walking sims, but if that sounds even a little interesting to you, I think Miasmata will be a pleasant surprise.Did you enjoy this review? I certainly hope so, and I certainly hope you'll check out more of them athttps://goldplatedgames.com/or on mycuration page!"
76561198063301021,Recommended,223510,10119379,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Cheesemönger,Botany/Mycology/Pseudoscience/Cartography. The best game you've never heard of.
76561197996644133,Not Recommended,223510,28776383,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,TimidTanuki,"Like a lot of recent reviews, I'm of a mixed mind on this. I'd like to give this a thumbs up because it's an interesting concept, but the overall execution is just not strong enough to merit it.For the first hour of playtime I was tense because I knew coming into the game that apparently there is a creature on the island that will hunt you down and kill you. I kept expecting to hear it skulking along behind me in the distance, and a few times spooked myself because I had stopped hitting W but still kept hearing footsteps crunching the leaves—which was just me, staggering along I guess. But eventually I gave up on ever actually encountering any real conflict (other than tripping and giving myself a fever or slipsliding into the bay to nearly drowned).Really, the control scheme's wonkiness is why I can't recommend the game, not the overall lack of conflict. The controls are this strange combination of stiff and mushy, incredibly accurate at times and utterly non-responsive at others. I'd find myself trying to turn my character only to move forward instead; I'd have to stop moving a good ten feet from the edge of a cliff because I wasn't exactly sure how far forward I might stumble after I released W. I get that the character is supposed to be weak from plague but if that's what they were going for with the ""can't climb a speedbump-sized hill but careful you're running full-tilt at that cliff and will take three seconds to stop!"" movement scheme, then it's just not going to work for a game.I think this is a solid alpha for a game, and since I got it on sale for 80% off ($3) it wasn't a horrible purchase, but it's definitely not worth the regular $15 price tag. Give it another 4-6 months' worth of updates and an overhaul of the control scheme, and then it might be fair to ask that much for it."
76561198197103130,Recommended,223510,33309595,Posted: 6 July,all,Peter John,"I personally enjoyed the game's emphasis on Chemistry, gathering and conducting research on the local flora and processing them into medicine. What I enjoy most is scouring the island for new specimens and making a bee line back to the nearest Synthesis station, eager to discover what benefits this flower I'm holding will yield, once I extract them at the lab.The quasi-survival element of the game was a nice touch for me as well. When it reached 9PM in game, my character would often suffer heavily from the effects of fever, which I would treat using a dose of Extra-Strength Medication, Fresh Water, and going to Sleep... awaking the following day feeling refreshed and ready for a new day of exploration.The game certainly isn't for everyone, but it certainly is for me."
76561198000205119,Recommended,223510,12767786,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Furin,"This is a great scavenger hunt game. The point of this game is to find 6 plants, make a cure and get off the island while avoiding ""The Creature"". Now this island is HUGE and you'll need to use the unique mapping system to find your way around or you'll be stupid lost. Once I got a hang of how you unlock the map it was alot of fun and felt very realistic. Character movement was something I also give a high score for. Running down a steep hill will most like end up as you sommersaulting down it instead and whatever you where carring to go flying. I also enjoyed all the different biomes. There are quite a few and each one is very impressive due to the wildlife sounds, critters running about and the huge sizes for tress and plants. Did i mention there are ants moving on the ground? My point is A LOT of little details went into making this game and for that i give this game a thumbs up!A bit of a downside for this game for me would have to be the story and threat from ""The Creature"". There are notes around the island that give some story but I felt they were a bit lacking. At the start of the game you get alot of story hints about whats going on around the island then they just dry up around half way through the game. It took me 12 hours to finish this game and for the first 8 hours I never once saw the creature. So it was just me wandering through the woods picking flowers and making my map. Yep slow and boring for most I think. Then near the end ""The Creature"" must have sensed I almost had my cure and was stalking me every 5 mins! This added 4 more hours to my gameplay trying to hide from it and if that wasn't working, running for my life, only to not see a cliff in front of me and I go flying, lose my plant, frantically try to look for it on the ground, oh snap here comes the cat! To say the least those last 4 hours where the best and it should have been that way most of the time.overall GREAT GAME!"
76561198015069283,Recommended,223510,10427169,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Rhaiah,"Miasmata is a game that will test your perseverance and patience. Initially, this came across as a tedious and boring - I wasn't crazy about the game after spending thirty minutes in it, so I put it down and played other games.Eventually, I came back to give it another try.After 9.1 hours of play, I can safely say that this game surprised me, and I didn't expect to enjoy it as much as I did. Exploring the island in search of remedies for Robert Hughes' ailments was astonishingly fun and rewarding; although, this game remains one that had room for improvement.Pros:- Fantastic exploration- Learning curve that makes succeeding that much more rewarding- Beautiful environment (most of the time)- Unexpectedly strong sense of isolation and survival- Very realistic- Beautiful music (during the few instances that you are able to hear it)- Touching plot-Being stalked by the creature was actually terrifyingCons:- Very awkward animations- Bizarre physics when falling down hills (falling down hills is not advised)- Lack of sound effects during synthesis- Pretty buggy (the two devs acknowledged that after five years developing Miasmata, they were exhausted and stopped fixing bugs)- Some mechanics may only be learned the hard way (either never explained or poorly explained)All in all, I will reiterate that I was surprised by how much I enjoyed Miasmata. I needed some time to warm up to it, but once I gave it that luxury, I became immersed in the world and my surroundings. The astonishing sense of isolation and survival kept me on my toes and kept me efficient throughout my in-game experience. It was a rewarding endeavor, and I would recommend this game as long as you are willing to give it the time it deserves.We just had to keep up, and we became the story."
,Recommended,223510,24343080,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,hisbrokenbutterfly,"Although I generally don't prefer this type of games, I was interested in Miasmata first of all because of its title and then after seeing a few impressive screenshots from it.Miasmata is made by two guys, with an engine that they created themselves, thus everything about, around and in this game is 100% original. This for itself would be enough to praise this game, however in the essence of things (ie, gameplay, settings etc) there is so much more to admire.Despite the lack of action, there are a lots of things to keep you on your toes as your character is sick and needs to regularly seek plants and mix them up to make medicine. This is far more fascinating in-game than it may sound theoretically; looking for the plants means wandering around the beautiful and immersive environments, exploring the island, which is the setting of the game, from one corner to another; and we are not talking about a tiny island! There are endless coastlines, deep forests, steep cliffs, ravines, huge trees, dense vegetation, mystic ruins and swamps, all setting up a peaceful but at times bizzarrely hostile environment that, personally I found extremely captivating and charming.I mentioned lack of action a few lines above; however there is no lack of challenge. There is one enemy you have to avoid, and this enemy may or may not appear; once it does appear however it won't leave you easily in peace and it's far more fierce and lethal than it may look. The wonderful music adds a lot to the atmosphere and so do the realistic graphics and ambient sounds.There are a few things that I found a bit discouraging at certain times - like the character being unable to control his speed while going down a hill and ending up seriously wounded, feverish and having lost valuable stuff that he was carrying, or having to walk miles and miles to locate one plant that couldn't be found anywhere else while having no actual hint about where to look - but as it turned out they were not enough to make me lose hope about moving on. I loved this game and I have to say I felt sad when my mission was over and I had to end it."
76561198086809875,Not Recommended,223510,11590462,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Zed Basher,"I've played for 4 hours and though the game has potential I find it lacking in anything that resembles entertainment. The point of the game appears to be nothing more then running around the island looking for flowers to create ever more potent medicines from. You don't eat, you don't build, you don't encounter but one beast type and you do nothing but sleep, drink water, collect plants, make meds and take them when necessary. This game takes place within a nicely done 3D world but the game play lacks any depth. I was bored within the first 30 min but continued, hoping there was more to this then I had already discovered - there wasn't.  I also find the physics very annoying i.e. the inertia. As your character approaches a steep incline, he can't seem to put on the brakes before he goes over the edge. It just feels clumsy. While the notebook is a neat idea for a GUI, I found it to be a tedious way to get to the info you are looking for. After watching the research and crafting animations a dozen times, you will be looking for a way to skip them - to no avail.  As I said the game has potential but is severely lacking in depth. If running around an island collecting flowers (while running from a singular beastie) sounds fun then perhaps you will enjoy this game. If you need a game with more then a singular goal you should look elsewhere."
76561197970358084,Recommended,223510,17490979,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Commander Keen,"I only really bother to wrote a review when i'm throughly impressed with a game, maybe even a little surprised.I have played games for many years and never really played anything like this...Firstly, this is the only game where a person's momentum - whether running or walking  - is modelled realisticly.Secondly, Cartography - the art of map-making  - amazing amount of fun to traverse a lush diverse island having to chart every nook and cranny to find your war around.Shut the curtains, turn off the phone and get lost!Thumbs up!"
76561198008961193,Recommended,223510,23510275,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,bager,"Slow-paced, immersive, and eventually deeply creepy. I had to give up on using headphones because the sound of my own heartbeat in my ears was making me jumpy. The cartography system is brilliant, the island is fun to explore, and the game ends just as the novelty starts to wear off."
76561197990075035,Recommended,223510,12784651,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Shambling GoatMother,This Is an acutal boundry pushing indie game made by two people if I am correct. Its an escapists wet dream as well as a thinking mans game involving finding a cure for yourself and surviving agains the beast of the Island that you are trapped on.This is a really unique and nice game with some challenges such as having to create your own map by cartographing landmarks. all things considered I would give it a 9.3/10 if you are interested in expansive surreal getaways.
76561198032527743,Recommended,223510,18755610,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Ricardo Brandolt,"The amazing forest with a crippled runner and funny cat (Grade: 8.4/10)Personally, it's a game I wanted to play my entire life, a survival where the danger is nature itself (In my opinion it would be best without the funny looking tiger/puma/lince thingie).A nature the actually feels real and full of details. Animals react to the best and flee from it, enviroments have many details towards their construction, the cartography mechanic acctually makes a lot of sense and adds a nice challenge to the game (it's not easy to find your path in many cases), the walking mechanic makes dangerous exploring the enviroment without paying any attention to where your going, you may easily trip and fall (sometimes off a cliff).If your a fan of survivor games and, like me, dreamt about playing in a natural enviroment that acctually looks natural, it's a great buy.But it also have some downsides, for what I have experienced, the running machanics is a little buggy (or I'm just too clumsy to use it), mainly on cliffs. Many times I have been walking down or around a hill or cliff, suddenly the character speeds forward and ends up falling to the ground, and this have some severe consequences towards your avarage health, in general, whenever the guy get enough speed, you will fall and get hurt.In conclusion, a wonderfull game and you should be buying it, unless you're some action fan and likes things to happen oftenly, in this case, the game may not be to your liking, since it's all about patience and observation."
,Recommended,223510,7043564,"Posted: 19 August, 2013",all,FuryI6I,"Between the famous Penumbra/Amnesia genre (which you may feel in Alien: Isolation™) and something absolutely nonesuch, Miasmata is purely a magnificent & highly brilliant masterpiece dragging the player into an amazing never-to-be-forgotten exploration & survival experience. Honestly, in the genre, this is really the exploration game I've always dreamed of. Thanks a lot to Joe & Bob Johnson and Ion FX for this amazing and unique jewel."
,Recommended,223510,22526602,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Stephen,"I'm surprised I haven't reviewed this game before.This is one of my absolute favorite games. It totally surprised me how much I enjoyed this game.The key point to this game is exploration.You are sick. Your goal, is to find the cure to your illness.You'll travel to different waypoints, learn about the history of the island, and formulate the antidote.You are on your own to learn how to navigate the map. The only way you know where you are is by triangulating your location based off of various landmarks that you've discovered. Otherwise, the map is blank, and there is no ""you are here"" marker. Just you, your compass, and making note of landmarks.And that is one of the most genius aspects of the game.I love this game, and I definitely recommend this to anyone."
,Recommended,223510,14877102,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,PH1LT3R_NZ,"Play Misamata if you like exploration and figuring things out for yourself.I applaud the creators for crafting an immersive experience that many faster-paced mainstream games lack.The focus here is on exploration, with elements of botany, map making and evading a prescence stalking you from the trees...If you can forgive some poor textures (especially close up and at long draw distances) you'll find a simple but satisfying experience, best played in a quiet room, late at night."
,Recommended,223510,7714311,"Posted: 21 November, 2013",all,Eternie,It's a infectious game that draws you in to exploring the island to discover your own dirty little secrets.Where you can be own worst enemy.Lovely world sunsets to die for!!
,Recommended,223510,24418085,"Posted: 19 July, 2016",all,The suppish |Mr. Giggles,"I had a fantastic time playing this game.  Something new that hasn't really been done before.  While this is not action packed or radically profound, this game is peaceful (for the most part) and definately makes you thinkand work with your mind.  I loved the cartography and the movement mechanics as well as medicines etc.  Everything seemed to work and function very well a true testament to great game design and good goal setting."
76561198088188117,Not Recommended,223510,12475458,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Lone Shadow,"Its an interesting game but definitely not without some concerns that let the game down.The ideas is good and at the start its quite entertaining, but after a few hours of wandering around trying to figure out what your meant to be doing it get a little tedious.Our lead character stumbles around lost, so weak he can't carry more than three flowers and any hill or bump greater than 10degrees will sent him into a tail spin.He can only carry one item like a knife or axe, at a time and half the time he'll randomly drop it or throw it away anyway.  No big deal really because they don't seem to be of any use bsides waving around when the bunyip monkey monster comes around. You can't actually attack anthing.The biggest let downs IMO is the issues with the day night cycles and the so called mapping.Both these things in particular turn a slow paced novel game into a boring frustrating slow paced game.It seems to be night for a far greater time than day, and in the dark you are literally in total blackness. Even using torches etc are near useless so the only thing you can do is wait. And wait and wait and wait, until daylight slowly comes.  Even during the day, it can all of a sudden become near total darkness because its getting cloudy, or its an eclipse or whatever reason.At night you occasionaly run into the bunyip monkey monster that come at you, sends your heart rate faster and faster and most of the time you just run and hope! Iget the feeling this ""monster"" was put in as a last minute item to try and add some sense of fear. You can't seem to kill it or anything and seems out of place, especially considering theres no other living creatures besides some bugs and birds in the distance.The mapping system is the second let down.  its a good idea where you need to triangulate points from known landmarks etc but is a long, tedious and frustrating affair. 90 percent of the game is simply trying to work out where you are and where your going. Trying to make a map, 1 small section at a time.The game isn't all bad as such, but is definitely not suited for everybody.I quite enjoyed it at the start and the collection of plants etc to make medicine etc is a neat idea. Unfortunately that is all it has. Besides drinking, and taking medicine, then thats it for gneral survival. You don't have to eat, or hunt, or build shelters.  Even sleep is just a way to speed through the night if your lucky enough to be near a bed when night falls, and to save your game.Its the sort of game where every now and then I'll probably have a bit of a tinker with it, but its definately not the sort of game I'd recomend to anyone looking for thrills, excitement and adventure etc."
76561198097550372,Recommended,223510,32684253,Posted: 23 June,all,Foxlight,"This Game is a masterpeace.I already played it, I just bought it to support the developers.I wish they will make more games"
,Recommended,223510,31915084,Posted: 23 May,all,Barry the Chopper,"Imperfect, but I love it for what it is - an engaging exploration and discovery game driven by the need to discover a cure for the plague, as well as the very real need to escape from the maws of the islands cat/bull monster.And gravity is very real. You will inerrably fall off of hills due to clumsy momentum, which is simulaneously more realistic but a bit too far. Still, I did enjoy it."
,Recommended,223510,32591016,Posted: 20 June,all,JurasTW,"Wonderfully terrifying atmospheric exploration game.Has wonderful features in it, most notably the cartography.Sadly no one's playing.Wonderful game, but i guess if only it had an easy mode for players to just mess around with it with no fear to be eaten by a hallucination, it would see more players.It's worth the full price."
,Recommended,223510,32679988,Posted: 23 June,all,Jo,I thoroughly enjoy mapping things so I absolutely love the triangulation aspect of the game.
,Recommended,223510,6189242,"Posted: 17 March, 2013",all,Kal_wardin,A little slow at times but good overall. Get on a sale.
,Recommended,223510,8139996,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Sinathor,"Just.... ♥♥♥♥.Miasmata is one of the games that I wanted to play ever since release but I just kept on waiting and waiting for a sale, and when it was on sale, I still didn't pick it up since I was skeptical and bought other games instead... But when I finally did buy it... It completely blew my mind.Miasmata is one of my favorite indie games of all time and shows that you can make a different game with a low budget without vomiting some ""philosophical"" nonsense on it to make it seem legit. The game is ridiculously atmospheric and immersive and it completely sucks you in. The only ""downside"" is that it's a one time experience. Once you finish the game, even if you're into achievements hunting, there isn't much to return to. The appeal of the game is exploration and once the island is explored, well, yeah. But still, I would wholeheartedly recommend this game to anyone who likes immersive games based on exploration.9/10. Unforgettable experience."
76561198075673573,Recommended,223510,25067888,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,wrygrass,"I rate the game Miasmata 3.5/5. Pretty good..if you have a lot of patience and enjoy games which feature fairly quiet, peaceful natural surroundings.This, being the second game in which I've played as a person who is ill (The first being Far Cry 2) is a slow-paced, generally peaceful, first person perspective survival game wherein you must maneuver your weakened, occasionally feverish character around a rugged series of tropical and subtropical islands to find various fungi and flowers and then bring them back to various scattered laboratories to find out what properties they have in an ongoing attempt to get yourself cured. If you walk too fast or (unlike in Skyrim) walk down a hill which is too steep you may end up running and then falling which will decrease your health, may cause your fever to worsen (because you have over-exerted yourself I guess) and you will drop everything you are carrying and may not be able to easily find it again. Also, in this game your character can get exhausted, dehydrated and, if you make him swim for too long, may even drown. Going for a long time without sleep will also weaken your health. Standing around in the beautifully rendered tropical rain however has no effect on your health whatsoever. You never seem to have to eat anything though if you did have to, the game probably would have taken forever to finish.This game is fairly long and requires great patience as simply making your character walk down a hill without falling down can be a challenge in itself. To put it another way, trying to get around in this game is probably a lot like being really old (except you can move more quickly than the elderly). If that wasn't enough of a challenge already, there are carnivorous creatures (they aren't creepy though as they look a lot like panthers with horns glued onto their heads and odd, hand-like feet) on the island which occasionally show up to hunt you. I don't think the creature was actually one but maybe several solitary creatures which live on the island (like mountain lions or something). But take heart, as you find cures for yourself your condition improves and with it, your ability to more easily move around the islands.The game's plot does have some loose threads. You can find old journal entries which suggest that one of the island's inhabitants went crazy and, given the way the corpses around the island apparently died (with a knife stuck into each them). However this murderer never materializes. I guess he ran off into the jungle and killed himself...or maybe he somehow was transformed one of the cat-creatures which occasionally stalks you to the loud sound of your beating heartbeat. There are also two distinct types of ruins in the island setting of this game but nothing can be found out about either group who built the ruins. Indeed, the ruins exist primarily to serve as mere landmarks to help mapping the islands easier. This game often hints at a more complex and detailed plot the sum-total explanation of which is frustratingly not to be found anywhere in this game. Still this game in all its interest and unusual gameplay and beauty is amazing for when we consider it appears to have been put together by just two people (brothers I think) over the course of what I heard was four years.Now that you know the gist of what Miasmata is, it's time to break down what the pros and cons of this game are.Good things about this game:+This game is often remarkably beautiful, particularly if you enjoy the natural beauties which this world has to offer. The tropical and sub-tropical island setting has lots of wonderful sunsets, trees and nifty rays of light filtering through the trees. The colors are vibrant and the reflections off of water are pretty also. The rain effect was particularly well done and better by far than the awful rain effect in the 2010 version of Need For Speed: Hot Pursuit. The rain in Miasmata was wonderful and other game developers should take a look at how the rain was done here. That said, the overall graphical detail of this game is rather mediocre.+This game relies heavily on the natural sounds of the world with sparse and almost entirely instrumental music playing only very rarely. The sounds are done very well except in one situation.+Overall this game was rewarding and interesting through to the end. A true and beautiful work of art. While not the most moving or emotional game ever it was definitely fun and the sense of mystery never went away (because unfortunately, many things were never fully explained). By the time I was done with the game I was ready for it to be over and so it lasted just the right length of time for me to feel fulfilled and refreshed by this game's unusual first person perspective survival concept. This game was a true adventure.Mediocre things about this game:+/-The graphics do tend to be simple. Your limbs are fairly blocky. Indeed, most objects tend to be fairly blocky when viewed up-close. The clouds are often curiously tinged with brown and when combined with the intermittent atmospheric haze and the fact that the fog in this game looks a lot more like smoke it accidentally feels as though the islands are supposed to be on fire somehow. The islands you are wandering around in are not supposed to be on fire but it often sure does look as though they must be.+/-The carnivorous creatures can, from some angles, almost look cute due to their cat-like appearance. You are clearly supposed to find them terrifying but they aren't. They just seem more like some sort of weirdly mutated, previously unknown species of jungle cat which sees you as potential prey. At the same time though, this lends an added air of realism to the environment.+/- Finding the plants you need to concoct a cure is very difficult and made even more difficult by the presence of the creature hunting you whenever you are near a plant that you absolutely need to grab.+/-You can only save your game at certain geographic locations but these locations are so numerous that saving my game was never much of a problem.Bad things about this game:-The controls are definitely difficult. It often feels, especially early on that your character must be just learning how to use roller skates which have somehow become permanently attached to his feet. This roller skate feeling never really left either but as I progressed through the game I found myself learning how to handle the character better, even putting him into controlled slides occasionally to get down slopes more quickly. Some of the other controls (picking stuff up with your right hand without dropping stuff in your left hand for example) were also a bit clunky.-The one time when the sound is not good is when a carnivorous creature is hunting you and your heartbeat sounds WAY TOO LOUDLY in your ears. This sound didn't increase my sense of tension. It merely increased my sense of irritation. I often wanted to avoid the creatures not so much because they were scary but because i didn't want the loud heartbeat sound to intrude on the quiet ambience of the game more than it had to.-Once you have a carnivorous cat creature's attention it is VERY HARD to hide and get it to go elsewhere. Sometimes I would hide and it would just wait forever for me to come out even though it couldn't see me.-I wish this game had more scary moments or had capitalized more on the numerous scary moments it was sort of trying to have. I wonder what this game would have been had it been somehow done with the far more beautiful game engine used in Far Cry 3 somehow. The graphics often seemed a bit dated. Still, Far Cry 3 was made by a team of people which formed a list longer than my arms and Miasmata is an amazing achievement for what seems to have been just 2 people."
76561198003119848,Recommended,223510,27336538,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Jodeath,"Miasmata provides a unique survival and exploration experience. You play as an ill man so you can hardly run or swim, but that only adds to the experience.What is awesome:-survival depends largely on preparation-using triangulation to create map-you can get lost (and feel it too)-night is dark-beautiful locations-sounds of nature increase immersionWhat could have been better:-laboratory has only one slot for synthesized drugs (be careful not to ""overwrite"" it)I recommend this game to people who can appreciate exploration."
,Recommended,223510,22590263,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,HeardTheWord,Easily one of my favorite games. It's very heavy on exploration and the cartography system is great! I'm impressed that it was created by so few people. My only gripe is that it only runs on Windows.
,Recommended,223510,26857459,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Izzidore,"An incredible game. The most immesrsive, terrifying and beautiful game I have ever played. No other game has made me dread getting lost so much and had me taking risks that felt genuine. It is difficult to describe how it makes you feel so powerless at the beginning and how that changes so much as you get lay of the land and become stronger. An interesting but hidden story keeps it interesting throughout also. I cannot recommend this game enough."
76561198024881176,Recommended,223510,16456894,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,johbowfor,"Kinda like Alien isolation only with out an alien. You are isolated though, and a weird monster stalks you."
,Recommended,223510,21522960,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Anhellius,"One of my favourite games.PROS:+ Idea+ Story+ Triangulation+ Not your average survival game+ Music+ Beautiful IslandCONS:- For some people controls are hard to get used to. Get used to it, it all makes sense in the end."
76561197970437631,Recommended,223510,8570483,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,nikjson,"Maismata - a game reviewExperienceThis, I feel, is the most important part and the best reason for playing this game. The looks, your movements, the sounds, the story and the mechanics all work together to make this an interesting and immersive experience. You feel that the character, you, isn't doing well, that you're often exhausted and have to fight both the exotic environment as well as your illness. You huff and puff at any exertion, thirst and untreated fevers impair your vision and coordination, falls will often disorient you and even finding out just where you are is something of a chore. Day-to-day survival is work here, giving you a sense of vulnerability, compounded by the fear of the Creature.I'll give each of these a closer look below.LooksThis is a very good-looking game, most of the time. There are a few graphic oddnesses, like the arms and hands that, while important and immersive can't help looking a little awkward at times. Texture pop-in and the sometimes very 'grainy' water are easily forgivable sins, seeing that most everything else works very well. Special mention should be made of the day and night cycle. Not only do dawns and sunsets look fantastic, as do the rays of sunlight filtered through the trees, they also actually work. Looking toward a brighter light, like the sun or a torch, will make dark areas even darker and more difficult to navigate. Nights are very dark indeed, there being nothing more than the moon and stars to light your way. Your lighter is a decent emergency light and burning twigs or a torch will properly light up your immediate area, helping you find your way to some sort of shelter.MovementI suspect that many will find moving around in this game to be an awkward business, much unlike the fluid movements in other First Person games. Moving forwards is generally fine but try any looking-left-while-strafing-right to look around while moving or a very quick turn and you're in for a surprise. It would seem that Robert can't run sideways as fast as he can run forwards. This shouldn't be the shock it is, since most people can't. You also have momentum to contend with - running downhill can be a very bad idea and may easily run you right over a ledge into a nasty fall. Climbing hills is a slow to laborious process which is further influenced by your current state. Thirst and fever will make you weaker and slower, making progress more difficult.If all this sounds awkward and off-putting, you can rest assured that there are good and design-conscious reasons behind every seeming impediment.SoundThe soundscape of Miasmata is fairly minimal but well implemented. There are near-constant ambient noises, such as wind, rustles, trickling or rushing water, bird-calls, crashing waves or rain, but next to no score. There's music in the game, to be sure, but it's held back to mark certain locations or the odd special moment.  Your footfalls have their own sounds, in keeping with whatever surface you're on, which is a nice touch. Loose rocks and crackling twigs could have a few more samples though, being a bit repetetive.MechanicsA brief look at some of the different ways things are done in the game.Medicinesare ""synthesized"" in the labs around the Island, using one or two plants for each new type. Each plant first has to be found and examined. How to do this is clearly explained in the first few notes you find and works well. The process does get repetetive but the animations can be interrupted. A few more different animations would be nice to have. Notes scattered around the island will tell you where to look for crucial elements and thus give you a good incentive to travel all over the place.Cartographyis a large and important feature in the game. You have precious little idea of where you are, most of the time, since you have to 'draw' the map on your own. This is accomplished by triangulating your current position, using your compass and known landmarks. Distant and unknown landmarks can be triangulated by moving between two known positions and marking them on the map. Much like in real life. Well implemented, with a chance of a minor 'exploit' as a handy shortcut.Timedoes flow here, as shown by your watch and the well made day/night-cycle. This gives you a sense of urgency, since being caught out after dark has the very real consequense of easily losing your way to that shelter and bed. Unfortunately, the sense of urgency is diminished by the fact that you don't see a definite progression of your illness, that you can stay alive on water and medicine indefinitely.The Creatureis a somewhat mysterious and certainly threatening presence on the island. It can turn up at nearly any time and will likely send chills down your spine as you hear the sudden thump of your own heartbeat, reminding you of your precarious situation. There are techniques and medicinal boosts that can help you avoid being found, which is a good thing, seeing as you're in no shape to fight this beast. Well done, overall, but it does occasionally get stuck in a loop, which can be annoying.StoryI intentionally left this for last, since it's in the manual and of litte importance. When starting the game, you're placed in the shoes of Robert Hughes, a plague-stricken scientist, stranded on an unknown island, in search of a cure. Precisely why a name is mentioned is something of a mystery, since the who of you is of utter insignificance to anything that happens in the game. (Here the developers missed a chance to involve female players a little more.) The more imortant words are 'stranded', made evident by your bloody hands and the wrecked boat beside you and 'plague-stricken', as you'll notice shortly.Fever, thirst, brutally murdered scientists, mysterious messages, baffling notes, helpful discoveries, rain, darkness, swamps, glorious sunsets, coluorful fungi and more plants than you can shake a burning twig at will help and hinder and baffle you on your journey.Your goal, ultimately, is to find the cure and escape this island. The cure is to be found among the rich flora of the island, which you will research, annotate and cook up various medicines from. Some will just be a temporary stay of your recurring fevers and some will give you more lasting effects. To help your progress, you'll find the notes of the expedition scattered around in their huts and tents.Escaping the island, alive, will not be easy.There are some missed opportunities for exposition and deepening the story, such as conspiracies or cover-ups that are just hinted at, the obvious mystery of the murders which could be better developed and the odd and disconcerting Creature.RecommendationAll in all, I found this to be a very rewarding exerience. I thoroughly enjoyed the lush environments of the island, the often beautiful vistas opening up in front of me as I clear the crest of a hill, the deep dark of the nights and the heart-pounding fear of being found by the Creature. I even liked the work of mapping my progress around the island, since it added both realism and a feeling of accomplishment set against the helplessness of being lost.Kudos and a hearty 'Well done!' to the brothers of IonFX."
76561198042757315,Recommended,223510,20585282,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,SamuraiCupcake,"I got a good 12 hours of exploration and adventure!Pros :-A truly beautiful game. Worth it just to get lost in it.-Once you get used to movement, it actually becomes an extra challenge just to move up and down slopes. Its quite fun!-I would get giddy with excitement whenever I'd discover a new plant and would hurry back to the lab to check it out!-Tons of different drugs to craft and use-The creature won't appear often, but when the character's heart starts pumping, yours will too!-The creature acts in a believable way! There are several different ways to deal with it... some ending with your death.-After trekking in the wilderness, you truly get a feeling of satisfaction when you discover an outpost.-You are completely free to explore at your leasure in any direction. The island is also massive!-The cartography system is awesome. Later in the game I had a lot of fun mapping out the entire island.-When night falls it gets very dark... which is very scary. Add to it the monster on the prowl and you have a bit of horror.Cons-Character is a bit too prone to falling and tripping down slight hills. It gets annoying/frustrating.-Some areas won't be of much use later on -  more quantity over quality (vast areas with just trees, useless ruins, etc)-Ruins are a bit of a dissapointment : there are no secrets nor lore to it. Who built them? You won't know.-There is a bit of a tease with ''Psychotic episodes'' and ''hallucinations'' being mentioned in a paper, but it doesn't happen. If you let the fever worsen you just die.-Survival is unrealistically easy - no need to hunt nor eat, and resting in a shoddy cot in a tent will cure you of heavy fever. Taking pills also instantly makes you better. I kinda wish it worked like that IRL.-The ending is pretty sad and disappointing. Didn't feel like my efforts payed off.All in all, I'd say the pro far outweigh the cons. It is very impressive that two guys made this game from scratch!If you like exploration, discovery, ambiance, science with only a little bit of scare, then you will really enjoy this one.Wholeheartedly recommend."
,Recommended,223510,811592,"Posted: 3 February, 2013",all,mark | dj.,"Miasmata is a great idea with a somewhat flawed execution.You're a scientist on an island looking for a cure. To find this cure you have to find plants and create potions, while triangulating landmarks to create your own map of the island.The island is huge and you're free to go wherever you want, as long as you can keep yourself alive. You have to be careful that you don't dehydrate, drown, get killed by a creature (I haven't encountered it myself yet) or that you take your medicine in time.The game is played from a first person perspective, which actually works quite alright, but walking and running (and especially stopping/slowing down) can be awkward and clumsy. It tries to be realistic by slowing down your character when climbing up the hills or speeding up when you're heading downwards. Most of the times it seems random and I've lost count of how many times I've fallen.You're also allowed to carry a maximum of 3 different plants at the same time, and you can't carry more than one of the same plant. So most of the times you have to make multiple trips. However, there are cabins scattered across the island. These cabins allow you to transfer your plants between any of them, which helps, but limiting the amount of plants you can carry is still a bit frustrating. On the other hand, it does create a certain tension so I guess there's something to be said for it. Especially traveling when it's dark is not recommended, because it can get pitchblack without any torches. And then there's this creature I keep hearing about...So, I'm having some mixed emotions here. I guess I shall be taking my journal and compass, and enter the world once more to see if my opinion changes for the better... or for the worse.[Rating: 73/100]"
76561197976515781,Recommended,223510,27247982,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,fishhooks,"An awesome little indie gem, parrticularly when you consider the whole thing was done by a team of two...brothers, in fact.  Pushed me to keep exploring and see what was behind that next hill.  And the approaching night gave me a real sense of anxiety as I searched for some safe place to spend the night.Although Miasamta is considered a ""walking simulator"",  I found it to be a solid stealth and exploration game.  Get it on sale during one of the many Steam sales events and you won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,223510,22136845,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,† Al Ghouti †,"Good game, but needs work still. UNFORTUNETLY, the developers stopped working on it."
,Not Recommended,223510,28732123,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,WizWar100,"I'm not recommending this game because it has problems that would make your experience with it bad. But otherwise the concept is what drew me into getting it.It's an interesting idea for a game about discovering a cure to your survival by finding plants on an island, but was not executed very well with questionable game design with it's movement and terrain system which either controls like a fudging starship or a fatty mcfat fat midget coming out of cryo sleep, lack of a real inventory to store plants, and of course causing motion sickness for those who are suseceptible to it like me. There are other problems but the former are the ones that come to mind. Also it feels very unoptimized since I have trouble streaming it because obs had trouble locating it.If you get motion sickness then I highly urge you to avoid this game.I only got it on sale and that really should be the only time you should buy to try the game out, full price and I would have wanted a refund.also your character irritates me whenever you discover something and the dumbass has to point it out for you. Like 'I know I just made something/found something'"
,Recommended,223510,8399021,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Skyfish,"A great survival game... withoiut zombies! :O You didn't think it was possible, huh? Well it is!"
76561198258470482,Recommended,223510,21752051,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,RoadKill2101,"Other then all the walking It's a fantastic game, i love how you have to gather specimins from your adventure to make medicines and improve your overall strength and health."
,Recommended,223510,21924701,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,lil coccyx骨,"Paranoia: The Game. Very spooky.Let me describe my experience to you fellows:I hear rumours that The Creature begins stalking after 1 hour of gameplay has passed.1 hours passes, I'm extremely jumpy now. Every noise freaks me out.2 more hours pass. No sign of The Creature. I decide that hey, maybe I should stop worrying about The Creature.I head inland, climb a hill, all is good. Then I hear footsteps out of sync with my own. I think: ""Oh, must be the game bugging out again, haha""Then I hear a roar. I scream at the top of my lungs and book it to the nearest outpost.The Creature catches up almost immediately and swats me around like a ragdoll, killing me.Overall a wonderful experience so far, and definitely not what I expected from this game. Is it worth the money?Absolutely. A 10/10 game in my book.(Also, unless absolute darkness is your thing, don't stay outside at night...)"
,Recommended,223510,60378,"Posted: 6 April, 2013",all,Johnny Law,"If you love filling in blank spaces on a map, scavenger-hunting map icons, humping the spacebar to climb hills... this is your game.It won't dazzle you with a lot of different mechanics, but what it does provide is unique. As far as I (suburban dude) can tell, it's an eye-opening wilderness hiking simulator, where you experientially learn how it's a seriously bad idea to set off on a trip without lots of daylight, a clear goal, a good map, and plenty of water.To be clear: the game doesn't lecture you about survival and navigation. Instead you get certain reflexes drilled into you after you stay out too late, run out of daylight, get lost and dehydrated, fall down a hill, stumble into a lake and drown. Since you can only save your game at certain locations, well, drowning after a day-long expedition is bad.The orienteering and cartography mechanics are just plain neat (and well-described elsewhere). The game provides a layer of goals and some mysterious opposition to deal with, but those aspects just add context to the exploration. It's nicely atmospheric and very zen at times. And occasionally scary.Keep in mind that this is an ""indie game by 2 guys"", but more often than not it's a better-designed package than you might expect from that. It's still a niche-audience thing, but outstanding if you're in that audience."
76561197977812703,Recommended,223510,11511861,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Nedi,"Miasmata is, in essence, a game of exploration; moreover, an exploration simulator. The devs went to great lengths to rethink gaming fundamentals such as mapping, stealth, even basic movement. These changes may spook a lot of players, but those that let go of traditional gaming conventions will discover a rich new genre of gaming.At the core of this game is the mapping system. Left to map out the environment yourself with a compass and triangulation, I often tell people interested in this game that it is a cartography simulator. While some find this method of mapping tedious, it brought about something both rare in games, and exciting: getting lost. I was often faced with decisions regarding how far to explore because getting lost sucked. The flip side was that finding your way back to someplace familiar provided an awesome feeling of accomplishment!Stealth comes into play when faced with an undefeatible predator. This mechanic was a rush. You have no indicator of where the predator is except that when it is near, your heart beats. Many hide now/ search later moments. Running like hell works often for a rush of adrenaline. Rushing towards a shack lit in candlelight while the beast is at your heels, then crouching in a corner hoping not to be noticed as you peek your head up to see if it's gone was a common thrill for me in this game.The movement has been criticized by a few (at least), but I really enjoyed the dev's take on it. Think: momentum.Your character starts off relatively weak, so often times you are left to risk walking down a steep looking hill or trying to rush up one. Walking down presents you with having to press the back button as a way to balance/ control your descent. Ascending requires taking a bit of a run to push your way up. Misjudging either causes a tumble which drops your items in hand and a big chance at getting a fever. Both a bit of a hassle. Mostly, this doesn't pose much of a problem, however when chased by the predator I found it exciting as hell. Split moment decisions risking death or losing that plant that took a bit to find provided a truly unique gaming experience.Wrap up: 14 y.o. into COD and hoping to play an indie FarCry? Pass. Enjoy discovery and exploration of both the gaming enviroment and new conventions? BUY NOW.CYA"
,Recommended,223510,23180842,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,aprilia_moon,"This game was very special experience for me. I didn't find yet anything similar. It was frightening, I don't think any game scared me so much as this one, but that was positive experience making high adrenalin rush."
,Recommended,223510,11487069,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,twitch.tv/dehkS_,"Fantastic game with excellent visuals. Really good to play if you're looking for a really mellow game that is also challenging. Look up a guide to ""cartography"" within the game before you play it.8.2/10"
76561198014934960,Recommended,223510,34014112,Posted: 4 August,all,[littleDONNY]arenaq,"This game features exploration and storytelling with a bit of danger. It has amazing game world and graphics as well as music. It could use some improvements in interaction with the environment and perhaps more dangers (for example creatures and means of protection). But the bottom line is that I enjoyed exploring the island and the story, great athmosphere, it felt like I am there."
,Recommended,223510,26327908,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,DragonFax,"Loved this game. Long and slow. Lots of walking, and only a few puzzles to complete. But an entire island to explore and a unique mapping system that makes it interesting and exciting to discover new features to the landscape. Throw in a little survival horror and you've got Miasmata."
,Recommended,223510,26828693,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ᴍMİttenz,"Would strongly recommend this fantastic game to gamers that love exploration.Despite having minimal encounters, I feared being *caught* outside when night fell!... My one complaint is a second game wasn't made."
,Recommended,223510,13219237,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,BlackDeath3,"Please do not let the technical flaws of this game (of which there are plenty) turn you away from it. If you're the kind of person who can allow yourself to get completely immersed into a virtual world, look past those flaws and give this world a try.Yes, there are issues. The uphill/downhill momentum can at times feel a bit... overzealous. Graphical fidelity is all over the place - while the general environment and landscape looks beautiful from afar, certain ugly details are exposed given a close-up. Several Steam Achievements are broken. You should probably avoid Alt+Tabbing the game due to the dreaded ""One Moment Please..."" problem. Performance issues can bring the entire world to a complete standstill for several seconds at a time, and you'll eventually realize that the only thing that ""no loading screens"" really means is that loading can get you killed. As the game was made from scratch by a pair of brothers, this sort of stuff is to be expected. There is an unofficial community patch out there (along with other helpful game utilities), and I'd recommend that you check that out before taking things too far.But to be perfectly honest, since I decided to give this game another try after a near-year-long hiatus taken shortly after the intro, I'm thankful that I didn't pass it up. As one of those aforementioned people who can immerse themselves in games quite easily, I found a tension in this game that few other games have ever made me feel. That moment when I'm standing on the porch of my safehouse, barren map in-hand, building up the courage to take my first step into the unknown. That moment when I've got my headphones cranked up, and I'm crouch-walking through the forest, eyes peeled, my heart stopping at the crunch of every twig. That moment when all hell has broken loose and I've gone into a full-on panic-sprint, knowing that my only chance at survival is to put myself at the complete mercy of the terrain and justrun. Those moments are gaming gold.Miasmata has a bit of a learning curve; anybody who has played it can attest to that. For all of the things that this game can give to you, there are just as many things that it will leave you to take for yourself. You'll struggle with movement. You'll struggle with cartography. You'll leave the house abittoo late one night and find yourself completely lost, hopeless, and staring death in the face. But give this game your time and your effort, and it will give you a completely unreplicated experience in return.Save early, save often. Stay alert, stay alive. You've been warned!"
,Recommended,223510,7965077,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Techerock,"This game was a fun game. With plenty of beauty & eye candy for scenery. It is also a massive game with a lot going for it. If you like free-form games go get this one you won't be disappointed. Cartography was an awesome feeling to triangulate your position on the map. The surprise of ""He is always watching you."" is a ton of fun & adds a bit of fear into the game. I hope everyone does give this game a try because it was made only by two brothers form what I know & for a game like this that is a high praise. The only gripe if you can call it that & this is really minor is the game-play with the walking and everything can be a bit slippery, but if you can overcome that flaw you'll really love this game.I would give the graphics score: 92/100I would give the sound plus music score: 91/100I would give the game-play score: 88/100I would give triangulation plus cartography score: 100/100"
76561198005608230,Recommended,223510,7999410,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Bunny^5Saur!!,"This game is beautiful, and the games concept (or whatever) is awesome.I love the feeling you get when you get lost in this game, because when it is and if you have the map correctly figured outThen you get out of that kind of trouble. And it is kind of scary even though there's only one beastly thing after you.Thumbs up for the 2 brothers making this game."
76561198035934907,Recommended,223510,7837838,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,bvguthrie,"This game is not for everyone. It was made by two people, and it is therefore a little rough around the edges. The graphics are by no means bad, but they are certainly not AAA-quality. The two brothers who made the game designed the engine as well (which is kind of impressive), but they clearly were not able to optimize it to run as well as some better-known game engines, so you may not get quite the frame rate you expect, and you will see lab equipment pop-in when you approach a campsite. There are a few other things that are imperfect as well.All that said, THIS GAME IS AMAZING! The strange thing about this game is that I had imagined a game remarkably similar to Miasmata, but never expected it to actually exist. When I saw it on Greenlight, I was surprised that such a game finally existed. When I played it, I was quite satisfied.This is a true survival game: stand still long enough, and you will die from lack of water/fever/creature attack. Exploring the island, making your own map by triangulation, finding plants to make medicine, finding notes and journal entries that help you figure out what's going on, and hiding from that creature add up to a great survival experience. The movement system of the game is also great. It more effectively simulates illness than any other game I have seen. If you go down too steep a slope, or go down too fast, you'll slip, eventually going head over heels. You have to carefully manage your momentum by holding back while going down a slope, or examining the terrain to find a safe path down or around. This both avoids the usual video game problem of being able to run around everything in a way that would not work in real life, and the problem of walking becoming boring; your illness makes walking a game challenge. As a final note, I love the UI, more accurately, the lack of UI, in this game. Your character carries an actual journal and map that you use in real time."
,Recommended,223510,816273,"Posted: 27 September, 2013",all,SemiSquared,"I love to have the freedom to explore in games and that's where Miasmata delivers. It's actually the entire game. You wake up on a beach and have to roam the landscape, searching for botanical ingredients to a plague cure and piecing together the story of a group of researchers who recently occupied the area.The really great bit to the game is how a handful of minor obstacles shape the experience. Your character starts the game sick, so he's not able to run for long without getting winded, climb steep slopes, or swim more the a few feet in deep water. If you try to push him harder, he'll just get sicker. When he starts to run a fever, he needs medicine or bedrest or it gets slowly worse until he collapses. When you're not as sick, it's still very easy to get lost. There's a map, but you have to update it by triangulating your location from known landmarks. On top of all that, there's a mysterious creature on the island that occasionally harrasses you. All the obstacles are pretty easy to overcome or avoid, but when you make one mistake, it usually snowballs, culminating in a frenzied attempt to get to safety.The story is very minimal and based mostly on found notes, but it's just enough to add to the mood while letting the experience be your own. Miasmata has a very lonely beauty to it and few limits that seem artificial.  Almost the entire experience is just you stumbling through the woods, but it still manages to be compelling."
,Recommended,223510,3384571,"Posted: 7 June, 2013",all,hostile_being,"This beautiful indie title contains one of the most immersive gameworlds I've ever explored. You wake on a huge wild island, sick with a plague which has driven you from your homeland, and you must utilise the islands local flora to create a cure. Through all this, you can try to piece together the story of the island's previous inhabitants while the feeling of being watched encrouches on you - you are being hunted. If you like survival, exploration and subtle story telling, you'll love this memorable game."
76561197966540434,Recommended,223510,7969630,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,DonD13,"This game is one of the most atmospheric, engrossing games I've played in a long time.  It really conveys the lonliness, the solitude, of being lost on an unfamiliar island.  The visuals, and especially the soundscape, really draw the player in and make you forget that you're in a game.  Everything is simply beautiful, without being too overbearing.  You really want to explore the island just to see how far you can go.  The exploration aspect is genious, using real triangulation techniques to plot your own map rather than the game doing it for you."
76561198047710870,Recommended,223510,25109306,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,Magnanimous,I had a lot of fun with the map and navigation (though it's tough until you get the hang of it). It's interesting to have to survey your position instead of just automatically appearing on the map.
76561198002073999,Recommended,223510,21524774,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,[Line of Eld] Cuthbert,Incredible indie game.  More realistic-feeling environment than any I've seen in big budget titles.
76561198056295548,Recommended,223510,22015803,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,The Lone Wanderer,alright so this game is really soothing at first and then hits you with the beasst like BAM and then its adreneline pumping fun (albeit a little scary) the sky looks like your in a fever dream (in a good way) and triangulation your primary method of navigation is probably the same level of fun as making the medicines i just desperatly hope these guys make a sequel with more medicines and a toggleable beast overall 10/10 alwayse wanted an alchemy simulatar
76561198018063344,Recommended,223510,14566417,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Pilgrim,"I thoroughly enjoyed this game. The world in which you find yourself in is mysterious and beautiful. The things you find wihin it gives you the feeling that there is a history in the land which needs to be uncovered. It was one of the few games that gave me a similar feeling and excitement as when I originally played the Myst series years ago.The mechanics of walking and cartography espeicially stood out to me. I've never been so afraid of losing my footing in a game.It is an experience that I highly recommend, especially if do like me and go into it without knowing much of anything about it."
76561197992579201,Recommended,223510,11241734,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Zé do Caixão,This game will scare the crap out of you.Best mapping system ever. In this game if you learn how properly to use the compass and landmarks you can use the same skill in real life.
76561198050386127,Recommended,223510,11629912,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,dsegel4,"Fantastic game--will make any other game hard to live up to.  Difficult to get used to the movement at first but once you ""get it"", probably the most realistic movement you will experience in a game.  At first you don't know where you are or what you are supposed to do, but you figure it out as the game unfolds. In depth triangulation mapping system.  No combat, though there is a foe!  Items to find and create.  Mysterious and intriguing storyline.  Realistic and beautiful environments. Many hours of fun and a game to be played multiple times.If you like adventure and exploration and you do NOT like combat and ""shoot 'em ups""--you won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,223510,26961025,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ratafak Plachta,"A great exploration game, using topography and all that plant stuff."
,Recommended,223510,30078594,Posted: 21 February,all,sandles for ducks,"Cons:-Poorly optimisedPros:-Good puzzlesQuite a tense gameSurvivalOverall pretty decent, get it on sale."
,Recommended,223510,11180929,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,River,"Miasmata is an awesome game. I saw it in the winter sale of 2012 and didn't know anything about it. I passed on buying it but it never left my mind. I found a good Let's Play of this game and watching the first few episodes made me have to buy this. The graphics look amazing, the concept is something neat. I loved Chemistry in school and took a plant class as well so my inner nerd was happy at the fact you can find and make health related items from plants. It's not as scary as I'd like but you are always looking over your shoulder after you find something written on the first chalk board.This game is just great on all counts, a bit of it can be confusing if you don't read the notes you're given properly. It's open and you're not really walled into any place to follow a path. You can go from A to X if you want or you can follow the natural paths in the game. Just beware, you and the harmless wildlife are not alone on this deserted island."
76561198024962044,Not Recommended,223510,3577725,"Posted: 20 August, 2013",all,Orblo,"If you like repetitive fetch-quests where the most perilous thing is falling off a slightly steep hill, then this game is for you! Unfortunately, the only thing I found interesting was the triangulation element, which wasn't enough to make the game worth playing all the way through for me. You get the bang for your $15 bucks if you enjoy agonizingly boring endurance tests. 2 outta 5."
76561197990271265,Recommended,223510,12212062,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,FaeTalan,"This game is beautiful, intriguing, absorbing, simple and complex. Loved almost every minute of it."
,Recommended,223510,12531368,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,History507,This game is one of the most unique survival horror games i have ever played. instead of the horror being 90% jumpscares the horror element comes from the suspence that you know that the creature will come for you and you dont know when or where it will come from. and the survival elements are about getting water and making medicine to protect you from the fever. and my favorite part about the game is the ability to freely roam the entire island and adding more to your map you are making. so this may not be a game for everyone but it was fun for me
76561197980271980,Recommended,223510,17446662,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,jt248_17,my hobbies-hiking-camping-finding unusual plants-finding mushrooms-identifing above mentioned plants-playing hide and seekthis game is one of the best i have played on steam.my heart was pounding and i was happy every time i saw a new plant.graphics were beautiful and concept was great.10/10i will be playing this game through again. and again. and again.
76561198027738623,Recommended,223510,7514316,"Posted: 29 October, 2013",all,severin44,"Ever wanted to play a game as a phsically ill mentally stunted exile scientist!? Wadda  you mean, ""No""? Well if you did, this is about as close as you'll ever get. Take a break from being the super-roid space marine for a day and learn what it really feels like to be helpless in the wild. A survival horror top ten for me."
,Recommended,223510,1400773,"Posted: 16 April, 2013",all,Blood_Wraith,"Its overall an interesting game in which you look for plants to create medicines and eventually cure a deadly plague you have contracted. At first you will make basic medicines to temporarily treat the fever, then later you will make stat boosting medicines that will enhance your Strength, Endurance, or Perception permanently.You could also make temporary stat boosting medicines, then eventually you will find the more rare and important plants, synthesize the cure, then leave the island and sail home.It's a shame it has technical issues up the♥♥♥♥♥for me, such as blue screening sometimes if I read a document in fullscreen mode, so I have to play in windowed mode to avoid that. And worst of all, the random framerate drop that takes my framerate to around 5-10 FPS and won't go away unless I restart the game.In the end, its a game with a cool concept but actually beating the game is a little too damn complicated because the 6 plants you need to synthesize the cure is spread so far across the island I could beat 5 other games betime I find them."
,Recommended,223510,8124033,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Colonel Blotto,"The interface is a bit clunky, but I got into this game.  There's some innovative ideas here, especially how mapping works and turning that into a realistic and believable challenge (having to use sightings to triangulate position and such).It can be frustrating with the slow movement and weakness of your character.  The map is also quite large.  But, the story--which you get mostly via notes you find--is done well and the ending is pretty cool.I got this game for like 3 bucks on sale and at that price it's a good deal for sure."
,Recommended,223510,8375166,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Peter Parking-Meter,"I really like this game, The graphics are great, and the physics are awesome... It is intersting take on a ""Survival"" style game"
,Recommended,223510,7834947,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Adrive,awesome atmosphere where you try to move around the island of eden trying to survive the deadly plague and cute kitten
76561198013865579,Recommended,223510,8682943,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,nilen435,I cannot really say way I love this game but it is strangly absorbing. I loved to explore for plants and triangulate my position on the map. You felt free. The story twist in the game was pretty obvious from the start and not that great.
,Recommended,223510,9061487,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Asatruer,"An excellent game of exploration and survival. The visuals and ambiance of the island are really good in helping set the mood as you find and research various medicinal qualities of the local flora to find a cure for your plague ridden character, all the constructing a map using triangulation off of landmarks, uncovering clues about the what has been going on both on island and off, and running and hiding in terror of the creature that stalks you.Rough edges are a plenty, but still a very worthwhile experience."
76561198036380006,Recommended,223510,4391896,"Posted: 3 December, 2012",all,S.T.A.R.S T-Virus,"It such a big Island and there is so many herbs to examine and mixture.This game is so much fun, and still very scary!After the first meeting with the creature, you can never gat away the felling of being stalked........................And for god sake DONT TRY TO SWIM!"
,Recommended,223510,8044198,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,MikeMulligan,"Miasmata can seem minimalistic at times, but that's what's charming about it. Since there are no zombies or machine guns, you find yourself wandering the woods or just watching the sunset on the beach with a huge stone-faced statue in the distance. Although the focus is on retreiving items, after you start piecing the map together your main motivation is to simply see what's over the next hill.Miasmata is a fun, believable survival experience well worth the minimal price."
,Recommended,223510,771706,"Posted: 12 January, 2013",all,𝕾𝖆𝖙𝖆𝖓,"Miasmata truly is something a little different. The games motivation come from exploring, you keep finding little notes everywhere, which drive the story. Even though it says that you are sick and you need to develop a cure, you will never die as long you keep drinking and sleeping, and out of the creatures way, which is (mildly) stalking you. The game looks a little antiquated, but it still managed to be beautiful at times. It's a holiday on a deserted island - with copses scattered around and a evil creature hunting you - but no pressure at all. It's great fun if you are into exploration. :)"
76561197972146100,Recommended,223510,7915849,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,THE_RaBiD_CanuK,Really cool indie game. Explore and chart your way through a mysterious island. Very immersive and unique experience - everything I love about indie games.
,Recommended,223510,9292475,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Scampi,"Good game, would recommend!"
,Recommended,223510,1449182,"Posted: 1 December, 2012",all,Xevo,"I was very impressed with this game overall. It starts out pretty rough at least partly by design, as being thrown into an unfamiliar setting and being so physically weak that you can barely move around and get easily lost are all part of the character. However, as you play the game you will learn how to get around more easily with the cartography mechanics, creating the right drugs to get you out of tough situations, and just as a result of internalizing the game's systems. Each time you create a shot that returns some of your physical abiltiies to normal the regular paths become easier to traverse and more difficult places become reachable. By the end of the game, you can get around so easily that it's hard to remember how rough it was at the beginning. Overall, the experience is very satisfying and I throughly recommend the game to anyone with the patience to get through the slower and tougher parts early on."
76561197974088172,Recommended,223510,11933561,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,father nurgle,"Miasmata is a really fun exploration game set in a beautiful world.  I ended up mapping the whole mainland during my playthrough.  Even after many hours and quite a few encounters, the sound signalling the approach of the creature was enough to make me start running madly across the map, usually resulting in disaster.  A few of the achievements seem to be broken, best to check online before aiming for them.  When creating the cure, make sure you actually pick up the test tubes for each part!  The objectives tick off even if you don't which is a bit confusing.  I ended up having to make them all a second time so I could complete the game."
,Recommended,223510,5295087,"Posted: 2 January, 2013",all,I can't preTEND ANYmore,I GOT KILLED BY A PANTHER! D:8/10
76561198012852661,Recommended,223510,21418806,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Johnny Waffles,"This game was amazing; it was everything I expected it to be. It's a pretty mellow slow paced exploration game that requires patience. The island is beautiful and the weather was fantastic. The story and concept are great especially the cartography. The creature was a little scary, a little annoying, but played its part very well. I didn’t even mind the bumbling controls once I got used to them, in fact they added to the experience.I managed to play for 32 hours across 1 full playthrough, 1 speed run (achievements), and 1 playthrough for remaining achievements.I'm a little disappointed the devs abandoned the game leaving behind some achievement bugs. Nothing game breaking unless you consider getting all the achievements important like I do.Huge shout out toDarkStarSwordfor his excellent work on theUnofficial Community PatchandMiaschievbug fixer. I couldn't have completed the game without his work.Once the game is done, there is no replay value which saddens me a lot. I want to play again but the game is exactly the same every time. I wish there was a ""random"" playthrough where the important flowers changed requiring you to analyze them each time to figure out their use. The flowers could also randomize locations and the maps and notes would not be present since you already know the story.10/10 Would play again if I could."
76561198334465911,Recommended,223510,28092013,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Mega Bunny,"This is my ultimate sleeper game. You wake up on a mysterious island with blood on your hands. At first, it's an ambulation simulator.  Walk around, pick flowers and orientate yourself to your surroundings. Just like your gran on a day-trip to a botanic garden,except your gran isn't being chased by an ethereal demon, trying to escape from a lost island, and synthesising drugs to survive.As your character progresses, they pick up the basics of ethno-botany, cartography and organic chemistry. You develop a deep appreciation of regular hydration and the plot gets weirder and weirder by the minute. Armed only with a feeble throwing arm, a selection of rotting fruit and the occasional burning twig, you uncover the mystery behind your disease.I couldn't let the story go. I dug deeper and deeper. I got to the ending and thought this game is a worthy successor to the literary novel. Hyperbole aside, this game is intriguing, deeply satisfying and introduced me to a narrative driven experience that is a well-crafted alternative to the alpha-wave twitch. Miasmata has a highly  enjoyable discovery/survival game mechanic with an excellent soundscape. Your own heartbeat never sounded so terrifying.It still astounds me  that it was made by only two people. It needs a sequel."
,Recommended,223510,3648670,"Posted: 30 March, 2013",all,Sneaksie(RUS),"A very pleasant surprise - a game developed by two brothers is more interesting than some AAA titles. Unique cartography system where you need to triangulate your location using map and compass.  Very captivating survival and adventure experience, 5 out of 5 for me!"
,Recommended,223510,7513627,"Posted: 29 October, 2013",all,liquidindian,"Explore an island, pick flowers, fall down hills, hide from a rubbish monster. It's ace!"
,Recommended,223510,7821291,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Portalfreek,"Please ignore the people complaining about the controls. Movement is intentionally difficult because your character is extremely ill.Apart from some really awful visuals in some areas, this is one of the most immersive games you can find on steam."
,Recommended,223510,26273487,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,oheykelly,"I don't know if it's the fun of exploring the island and collecting plants or the constant fear that the monster might be behind you but this game has me hooked! Trying to map your location using landmarks is something I've never had to do in a game before but I thought it was such an interesting concept. Made me think twice about going off the beaten track. I would definitely recommend this game, it has a lot of challenges and a great atmosphere on offer for players."
76561198028043855,Recommended,223510,25954881,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Peen,it's a really weird game but strangely endearing
,Recommended,223510,395299,"Posted: 17 February, 2013",all,Kana,"Considering how horrendous it looks and what pain it is to play, there is some charm in there, but be warned, your mileage may vary a whole lot.This is one of the games i warmly recommend you try before you buy.I liked it on a grand scale, but i also hated a lot of it."
76561197969417125,Recommended,223510,353364,"Posted: 5 March, 2013",all,G00N3R,"In Miasmata, the player explores an island in search of plants, to craft a cure for a disease. The game is almost entirely non combat, which may put off some gamers. You will be attacked by a creature at various times, but its best to just run away and hide. You can also be injured by falling down hills, and will die if you don't heal fast enough. Other threats include thirst, sleep deprivation and drowning. Crafting plants can restore health and provide buffs. I loved how much freedom the player is given. Miasmata is a lesson for AAA developers about how to create an open world without waypoint markers, and still guide the player to quest locations in an intelligent way. There are lots of clues to find such as maps and journal fragments, which point you in the right direction. If you're willing to overlook some minor flaws such as graphical glitches and menu presentation, this is a really nice, intelligent game, and easily worth the indie game purchase price."
76561198025994109,Recommended,223510,20878994,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Collimation,"While you can win this game within 5 minutes, it will probably take you about 24 hours to play.  It is cheeky like that.  If you like orienteering around an island trying to find useful stuff to help you survive and mixing drugs and going for the occasional sliding tumble to yuor death through foliage while being chased by Cat-thulhu (or was it Tabbythogua?) this game might be for you.  It is not a typical game, in that you lack the tools necessary to kill the critter, but you are on the island to save your civilization from a terrible plague, and if you are clever, you will.  I loved scurrying through the underbrush trying to find the proper vantage points to triangulate distances and map the world, it was an odd and enjoyable mechanic that I became kinda OCD about doing over and over again.  Finishing this game was strangely satisfying and I liked it, but I just know it will not be everyone's ""cup of tea""."
,Recommended,223510,31498034,Posted: 1 May,all,Bearji™,"I didn't enjoy this game at first. I put it down and finally came back to it years later. Again I had issues coming to terms with elements of the game.  The movement felts sluggish. The cartography system felt obtuse. But these elements serve a purpose that makes Miasmata a very positive experience on the whole.  The movement system is one you learn to use. It only feels sluggish in that any other movement system is very forgiving, whereas Miasmata's can be punishing.  As a sick man in an unwelcoming landscape, rather than contending with terrorists or zombies, your struggle is you against the land.  A misstep can mean doom if you're scaling a steep hill to get a better vantage point on your surrondings.  Likewise, carelessly skirting a cliff or running down uneven terrain can send you painfully tumbling.  However, once you learn how to move, it becomes second nature and you find yourself discovering safe pathways through the rough wilderness.  The cartography system, similarly, does not hold your hand and guide you through the game.  Instead it is a tool that you use to guide yourself using landmarks.  The game rewards you generously for taking the initiative to explore by planning your trip around keeping known landmarks in sight and discovering new ones to expand your records of the island.Miasmata is a very refreshing game if you're tired of hand-holding open world games and want an experience of exploration unrivaled by anything in recent memory."
,Recommended,223510,19706047,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Keiichigo,"This is a wonderfully designed game.I love the work they've put in it and the whole exploration aspect of it of trying to find a cure and being exiled on an island.The feeling of helplessness is really present. However, they are still a few bugs that needs to be addressed/fixed before they role this out into the public. I don't know why steam only logged me for 0.2 hours on this game when I clearly spent 2 hours or more exploring everything, but here's my take on some of the negative thinks I found in the game.1.) Often times, my character would clip through rocky surfaces, house walls, trees and even fall under the map. This needs to be fixed.2.) Sometimes when you die, the character's voice would get stuck in a loop until you restart, load or exit the game.3.) Often times I would die for no reason, such as walking knee-high on water or clipping houses and structures.Apart from that, this game has been very wonderful. While I do believe and feel that this game still feels like it's in early access and should be polished up more, I will not deny that this game offers replayability and numerous content for players to enjoy. I hope the developers take the time to address these issues with an update in the future.8/10 - My honest review."
76561198024663199,Recommended,223510,10661181,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Ness,Fun game! Worth your money if you get it out of the steam summer sales. Its all about being a scientist and trying to stay alive in the forest. Becareful though game legit scared the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me.
76561198063416622,Recommended,223510,10987293,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Dunkle-Thee,"Get this game! A totally unique style of gameplay where the common goal of survival is given an uncommon element where survival is not achieved through constant violence. Miasmata really takes the player down a notch. After playing games where you just run around exploding people with ease, you are suddenly thrown into a world where if you run into some form of predator, you're powerless! Hide! Run! If you're lucky, wave that torch! The controlls were a good attempt on how one would move in real life, but have their flaws and are a little clunky. Walking is not really an option unless you're sneaking, and I perfer not to be sprinting blind through brush (p.s. there was a cliff). So get out there! Run, hide, forage, cultivate, and above all, stay thirsty my friend."
76561198025726124,Recommended,223510,26126660,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,polymeron,"Miasmata is, hands down, the best exploration game I have played, and one that I consider to be among my best purchases.I have so much to comment on, but I'll try to focus on just the most pertinent points.The game world feels extremely vibrant, with beautiful scenery and memorable features. Exploration is *the* thing to do and forms the main gameplay loop - you don't have an ""automap"" that tells you where you are, you have to make the map by finding your location from known landmarks, then triangulate from there to pinpoint the location of unknown landmarks. You also find much flora on the island that must be returned to a lab, analyzed, and hopefully synthesized into something useful - and much of this flora is indigenous to specific biomes and cannot be found outside of them. These twin processes make every new area, every unrecognized landmark, and every new strange-looking plant an exciting new challenge to be conquered.The game is *difficult*, and exactly to the degree it should be - it's not a grind, but it's very far from a cakewalk to achieve any objective. Saving is rationed to camps, which are liberally littered throughout the terrain but are still not trivial to find if you're lost. Getting lost is, itself, extremely easy; you'll find yourself trying to find recognizable landmarks just to know where the heck you are. Walking around isn't simple, either. The game is first-person, but unlike RPGs like Elder Scrolls, you are not some mighty warrior who can leap tall cliffs. You play a deathly-ill scientist whose physical abilities are greatly diminished. Realistic falling damage poses a challenge: Tumbling off the side of a hill will disorient you, cause you to drop items you were carrying, and may bring on the symptoms of the disease, requiring medicine to be synthesized and administered before you lose the last of your strength. Swimming is likewise an arduous and perilous pursuit. These are not problems without solutions - but throughout thegame trekking across terrain is never reduced to mindless strolling. Night-time exploration is a challenging experience that should be avoided where possible.And the creature that prowls the island is truly terrifying... Fighting is not an option, running only works for so long against something that is faster than a sick person, and so hiding is the only solution - and since you need to avoid being seen, it means it's very hard to take a good look at the beast. That makes it all the more scary. The fact that running away aimlessly is a sure way of getting lost and disoriented definitely adds to the difficulty and the tension.On the bad side of things, I found the plot to be a bit detached and not very satisfying, with the murder mystery feeling a bit out of place (even though it did add tension); and I wish the interesting ruins on the island had more backstory and interesting things to find or do in them. I did find the ending satisfying, but mostly because of the challenge overcome and less due to any story resolution, which was a bit lacking.The game is not very buggy, but I did experience an occasional crash, and its lighting at night and landmark recognition were a bit quirky at times. Replayability is probably diminishing if you get to the point where you are very well familiarized with the entire island, but that should take a very long playtime; plus it's possible to try a speed-run for the achievements, which adds another degree of challenge to veteran players.I played for a very long time before I felt that I had truly conquered the island, and it was incredibly satisfying. The credits say the game was made by only two people, which I find amazing in itself. To those two I say, incredible work - I'd love to see your future endeavors."
,Recommended,223510,11794037,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,McKris,"Very good game, but it's certainly not for everyone. Don't expect Michael Bay explosions and action.The game itself is just walking around the island, making the map yourself with triangulation, picking various plants and turning them into potions/medicine and making sure you will not die from dehydration and going too fast (yes, that is a thing). All of this while you are chased by a wierd cat/lion/panther/demon/whatever hybrid.It kind of feels like Robinson's Reqiem, but without everything trying to kill you."
,Not Recommended,223510,26619682,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,a chaser of ball,"+ Great worldbuilding that invites exploration.+ Unique triangulation system for filling in your map. Yes, this is largely about exploring unknown areas and filling in the map. It's fun to get lost and try to find the way back.+ Foraging is pretty fun. You get hints for where to find certain plants, and then hunt them down and brew different drugs from the plants.+ Pretty funny physics where you stumble and roll (and sometimes die) if you go too fast down a hill.- The game crashes every time you alt-tab, at least on my system. Because of this, I just stopped playing halfway. Who wants to restart the game every time they have to do something outside the game?- You can only carry 2 plants at once. This is really stupid considering half the game is about foraging plants.- Uninspired survival elements. Drink water and find a bed regularly. Whoop-de-doo.-The ""scary"" monster is just corny and annoying and feels really out of place.I'm conflicted about recommending this game but chose to make it negative because of the price. It's worth some money, but really not 14.99e. I would recommend buying it at 2e or something now that I've tried it."
,Not Recommended,223510,7820995,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,ChaosDMNS,"Buggy water on my Rig. Seems to be something that's happening to a lot of players.And the options menu really could use some tooltips.Spent hours trying to get the graphics right. So I really haven't played it yet. never left the first beach.and looking at the forums. the Devs have moved on to a new game. So I don't expect a patch.But right now. I can't recommend it. Perhaps after I reinstall it and try to ignore the messed up water, and actually get some gameplay time."
,Not Recommended,223510,8712388,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Harmon,"I wanted this game because of the atmosphere I thought (hoped) it would create and it actually does a pretty good job in creating a lonely, lost vibe on a mysterious island. I liked that part. They also did a great job with the plant life and landscape of the island. I never felt like I was walking through the same repeated textures and wilderness. It really felt like the woods. I grew up in the woods so I have a pretty good idea of what wandering around in them feels like and they pulled this off.Here's why I ultimately didn't like this game. It just got boring. Once the scenic beauty wore off and the a lot of the statues and plants were found and a few run ins with the monster that is stalking me. I would just kind of wander around looking for something to do and the only thing to do was to look for more plants which couldn't keep my interest. They were almost there with this game but it didn't quite get it done for me in the end."
76561198028843893,Recommended,223510,26535860,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,JapkoPL,Not a game. An experience you`ll remember for life.
76561197963164050,Recommended,223510,8173360,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,NighT WolF,"Although i perhaps exaggerate now a little bit, but my personal opinion is, that Miasmata is a really astonishing masterpiece. The graphic quality almost reaches the standards of extremely expensive engines made by big companies, but is in fact made by just 2 guys. Surely it has some flaws, like the grainy looking water in the distance and no waves along the shores. The fog sometimes act a little bit strange and there are proplems like torches/sticks dont illuminate the logbook or map. But all of that is compensated by the incredible atmosphere. Starting extremely weak and as easy pray, you have to find water, plants and safe spots to survive. Creating medicine to keep you alive and to find the cure for the plague. Running around the island can be tricky sometimes, because the terrain affects your speed. It requires a lot of strenght to climb up a hill and you may stumble while running down, which causes a headache and in the worst case deadly high fever. Another great feature is, how you can create the map of the island. The easy method is to find pieces of the map around the camps. The other method is to draw a small piece of it by marking 2 known landmarks which are in sight. While exploring the island, you are watched by a creature lurking in the shadows of the Jungle, which will soon start to hunt you down. You dont have weapons and all you can do is to hide, distract the creature or run for you life. But there is one power you have, which will scare the beast away."
76561197963852846,Recommended,223510,33710447,Posted: 21 July,all,Finger,"The game is interesting, not too scary though. I don't care much for the crafting part either, but graphics, physics, and sound are good. The island is bigger then it appears and easy to get lost in the dense vegitation, and thick woods. At night there is a monster that stalks you, real easy to get lost then.The game is great and very absorbing, you feel you are actually there. Only real problem I had when I last played was that it seemed to be overly difficult to accomplish anything! You have a VERY limited inventory. Just about all you can carry in your two hands! Thats it!I recomend for those dedicated survivalists types, I think you will love it."
,Recommended,223510,6035487,"Posted: 16 May, 2013",all,ChrisLeeNeal,"Think if AMNESIA only without the horror element.I was fairly impressed by the graphics of this game and how realistic it was. Many good elements including night and day sessions, having a inventory that actually keeps stuff ""realistically"" inside of it, and wonderful visuals.Only things I didn't care for was how hard it was to learn how to triangulate stuff, feeling totally helpless if you happen to be caught outside at night without a torch, and that weird, scary *YOU'LLFINDOUTWHAT* that they threw in there to keep it really interesting."
76561198011575415,Not Recommended,223510,30584932,Posted: 17 March,all,ClareBearPhD,"Pros:1. Looks very goodCons:1. The monster is completely inept.  I've encountered it several times, and usually it'll just lurk nearby and disapear.  Even when I can get it to attack me, it doesn't actually do any damage.2. Lots of tedious walking.3. The physics is frustrating.  If you hit even a mild slope, you either go sliding thirty feet if you go downhill, or it you slowly trudge uphill.4. Mundane things hurt you.  You can drown in two feet of water, or go sliding down an aforementioned slope, go flying into the air, and come down hard.5. The only time I've died is when I deliberately swam out into the ocean trying to drown myself.6. For a survival game, there isn't any surviving.  You get thirsty, but there's always an abundance of fresh water to drink.  You never have to eat or build a shelter, and the only ill effect you can suffer is a fever, which is easily taken care of by sleeping for a few hours."
76561197995664657,Not Recommended,223510,26465748,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,silencergroup,"The first thing I should say is I do not know a single person who completed this, or wanted to.Before you purchase this game, it isn't Myst. It is not Doom. It's not even ""Dear Esther"". Here is what I think it is:Picture yourself on an island where everything is made of ice. Hills you climb are so slippery, you slid to the bottom no matter what you do. Falling gives you a fever. Always. Fevers mean stopping gameplay to make a medicine.You don't eat, but you sure drink a lot of water. The object of the game is to mark all of the island giant heads  (well, you are supposed to be finding plants to cure a plague, but that's a lost cause).That's about it - no real game play, no challenges, just don't trip, don't walk through ankle deep water or you will drown.Sound fun? You are correct. It's not. I played for over 20 hours and the last 15 was just to try to complete it, hoping there was some massive reveal. There isn't.Pass on this one. It's a 3/10 at best."
,Recommended,223510,21888006,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,tHe_sTrYnG,Wow seems a great game to dwelve for some time and explore its capabilities. Still very nice plot wich drops you in an island and you need to synthesise plants n shrooms to make a cure for yourself. This with the added mix of survival endurance required.
76561198011495645,Recommended,223510,2712515,"Posted: 1 April, 2013",all,IIIAVIII,Better than Farcry 3
,Recommended,223510,7854594,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,McMillanFixXxeR,"I had a good time with this indie game.  Although I had just as a good time telling people what I was playing...Basically you wonder the wilderness picking flowers, doing research, making a cure, and running from a large horned cat.   But mostly its a flower picking game.Although that is not entirely correct, it is somewhat.  :-)Took me about 9 hours of wondering around these islands looking for the right plants to upgrade/cure.  There is no combat, nothing to kill, and only clues you find in huts around the islands.   Finding the clues is harder than understanding their notes.Overall - a great indie game that is open world exploration and puzzle solving by finding bits of notes at a time and searching for flowers.  I would recommend if you want a non-action game to explore and slowly solve using your own determination instead of be hand holded the entire way."
76561198114971035,Recommended,223510,20658868,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,MrMoustacheMan,"Miasmata is a incredible and amazing game and if you include the following points it is even better.- The entire game and everything in it, including the models and textures and even the program (Ion FX) that the game was made on was made by developers (two brothers) which is absoutely outstanding- Once you figure out how the plot all ties it makes the game even more enjoyable (sadly I couldn't figure this out I had to go searching)- The landscape is so nice and pleasing to play in - everything is perfect right down to the animals and sticks you can pick up and throw- Even though it isn't considered a horror game - the way the 'creature' acts and how 'it' camouflages into the trees and bushes it is really scary10/105/53/3Red/Brown- JokesAwesome gameStop reading thisAnd buy the game"
76561197970549991,Recommended,223510,15310151,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,RedFox,"Beautiful setting with a really well done day/night cycle and dynamic weather. The core game mechanics are shallow and not as deep as I had anticipated going in, but the exploration aspects themselves are engrossing if you're the sort that just likes exploring beautiful game environments like I do. I did cheat and use a web map to get by, because while the in-game cartography starts off interesting, it got tedious fast for me. But overall, well worth the playthrough."
,Recommended,223510,12229399,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,snorlison,"Pretty good. Fall down hills. Make some maps. Get sick, see a weird big cat with horns. The usual disease narrative. But did I mention you can fall down hills?3/5 stars. ++recommend for people who like watches and maps and dictionaries. (i.e. me)"
,Recommended,223510,13836760,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,MegaBearsFan,"The creature adds a very small horror element of the game, but this is not a ""survival horror"" game. The emphasis is almost exclusively on survival and the sense of adventure (traveling to a new place and discovering new things). As someone who cares deeply about science and discovery, this game was very refreshing and engaging for me, despite its nagging technical and design issues.I highly recommend that anyone with a similar passion for science, discovery, and adventure give Miasmata a try. It is very rough around the edges, but its dedication to its novel niche concept makes it worthwhile. It's a game that is geared towards a specific audience, and that audience will likely love the game. For anyone else, it could be a passable diversion, but you might find it too dull and boring to play to completion.Full review on my personal blog:http://www.megabearsfan.net/post/2015/01/03/Miasmata-game-review.aspx"
76561198032728874,Recommended,223510,13981977,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,inversed,"A real gem that gives you a true sense of exploration. You spend most of the time exploring the island, looking for medical plants and creating a map using the cartography mechanics. Survival aspect is minimal. You constantly need fresh water, but it never was a problem for me. Can be very scary at times thanks to the Creature. If you just want a relaxing experience, there is a no-creature save file somewhere on the forums, but it would make the game far less challenging. Verdict: if you like the idea of gameplay based mostly on exploring a huge island, definitely buy Miasmata."
,Not Recommended,223510,7871941,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Aperture_Scientist4,"Very sluggish controls--you sidestep at roughly 1/5 of your forward speed.Frustrating lack of traction--you will slip off of cliffs that should have been easy to stay on, leading to a long walk back up if you don't die. Even worse, if you find a rare plant and then slip, even if you only fall a few feet, you will drop the plant, and have to go back to where it grows to get another one.Also, falling off cliffs gives you a fever for some reason, which necessetates finding medicinal plants to treat it, or a bed to sleep in, else your vision is screwed up.The map requires you to sight two known landmarks before it marks your position. Move 2 inches and reopen the map? Sorry, need to site two landmarks again, I forgot where you were standing.Interesting premise, but great number of frustrating factors lead to an unfun experience. Do not buy."
,Recommended,223510,13910486,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,p5eudo,"I found this game to be relaxing, engaging, and at times, freaky. Aside from odd running/falling mechanics being frustrating at times (this is part of the challenge), the Miasmata was a lot of fun. If there were a sequel, I would be eager to play it."
76561198067625958,Recommended,223510,10890292,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,moon_monster,Really great experience.  Some may find the movement to be too icey (and it occasionally is) but I loved the way it was implemented and quickly adjusted.  The atmosphere was great and the fact that this was made by two brothers only is amazing.  I'll probably load this up from time to time just to run around the island - it's a blast - and the cartography system is also something to be applauded.  There haven't been many games that scratched the true exploration itch for me but this absolutely did.
,Recommended,223510,30255878,Posted: 28 February,all,Andi,"Miasmata is an open world, survival, adventure game where you must craft medicines to cure a disease that is slowing killing you.  There are other medicines that you can create to help you on your journey but beware, for the interior of the island lurks a creature that is hell bent on killing you before the plague does.  Unfortunately, that's where many of the plants grow that can aid your condition.Pros:- Highly detailed world- Passage of time- The island is very diverse in it's topography- Mapping the island is fun (at lease for me it was)- Various plants, many with medicinal properties- Many notes and pictures to find that will give you clues to plant locations- You get to play scientist- There is no place on the island where you can't go- Numerous unique buildings, ruins, tents, dot the landscape, several with notes so you want to visit them allCons:- The game is not well optimized- It is very VERY easy to get lost if you leave the path and you will leave the path... many times- The creature seems to show up at the most inconvenient times (but then again, it's more of a pet peeve then a con)Besides fashioning medicines, one of the most entertaining activities for me was mapping the island.  I've always had a interest in cartography.  If you want to map the entire island, you have to be clever on where you stand and find two known points of reference, especially when it comes to mapping the interior.At the time of this review, Miasmata was selling for $14.99.  Well worth it in my opinion."
,Recommended,223510,1126861,"Posted: 6 February, 2013",all,Lincoln Balloon,"Miasmata is a tough game to recommend.  It's not that the game is particularly bad or anything (I think it's a great experience honestly), but it's one of those games that is so unique that it will most likely polarize people.Miasmata is a game of survival and exploration.  You wake up on the shores of an uncharted island stricken with a plague.  Your primary goal is to cure it, and you do this by collecting plants, researching them, and discovering their properties.  This is what you'll spend most of the game doing, aside from dealing with the occasional run in with the creature that roams the isle.  The game is highly immersive.  It pulls you in with a strong sense of place.The only major issues with this game comes from the technical side.  There are lots of graphical glitches here and there (the pop in is particularly bad at some points), and the framerate occasionally dips (at least on my laptop it did).  Considering the game was designed entirely by two brothers, I can actually look past most of these issues.If you want a gaming experience like nothing you've played before, I would highly recommend this game.  If you are not the patient type, I would caution you on this one.  This is definitely a game that rewards patient exploration, and if that's your thing, then you are in for a treat."
,Not Recommended,223510,10683854,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,kyle,"I simply expected more from this game. When I first started, it seemed fun and exciting but with a very slow pace, but then after a while I started to realise how boring it was with a monster that's not in any way frightening. The only aspect I enjoyed in this game was the crafting system but that's it.Boring, repetitive and slow-paced. I do not recommend unless you are into that stuff."
,Not Recommended,223510,10152839,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,NZSteel,Its fine. Pretty boring. Not very intuitive. Just overall pretty bland and doesnt make me want to play any further
76561197972245400,Recommended,223510,9856491,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,phrantik77,"Great game, a break from the usual hack/shoot/kill. Not as polished as the big titles, but this actually works in it's favour. Find myself coming back to this one again and again!"
76561198082946067,Recommended,223510,11556852,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,BlarghMan,"I was walking and saw giant kitty, threw banana at kitty's face but kitty smacked me into river and me and banana drowned.11/10"
76561198032959637,Not Recommended,223510,24277769,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Augustus Kwembe,"Unfortunately as cool as the game looked when I first got it, I very quickly found it too dull to keep me playing. If you're a fan of atmospheric survival games, then you would probably enjoy this. I can't recommend it from my own experience myself however."
,Recommended,223510,14989277,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Gua,It really nailed feel of nature. I was super emerse in a world and I will probably play it again at some point. I really wish it had gamepad support.
,Recommended,223510,4292996,"Posted: 2 September, 2013",all,Betelgeuse,"Good game, but needs more cowbell."
76561197968305227,Not Recommended,223510,34724695,Posted: 3 September,all,ChaosEngine,"This was the second indie game I ever got really interested in, (after Sangfroid). It's a real shame it took me so long to get to it, because now that I have, I am not impressed.Visuals are ok, and I'm not usually picky about them. Tension was non-existant during the first hour or so... the monster they hype up in the trailers doesn't even make a scripted appearance to help build said tension. It might've been out there, it might not, but after an hour of play I would have expected something after how much time is spent hyping it up in the trailer.Game details are obtuse... couldn't figure out the triangulation mechanics, but that's also fine. Things don't always need to be spelled out to you and if you're willing to spend hours with a product you can definitely learn. All in all, the setup was one for a game that could have been savoured, rather than rushing to get to the good bits.However, I'm not savouring anything because of the SECOND. WORST. FIRST. PERSON. CONTROLS. EVER. The only controls that I've experienced that are worse are from Datura for PS4.Movement is arduous at best, ridiculously floaty at worst. Running is the only way to get anywhere in decent time, but watch out that you don't go down hill for any reason, because you will trip, you will fall, and then you're stuck hiking back to a bed to sleep off the resulting fever... yes, a fever from falling. Climbing up anywhere is equally painful, where a slope you would have no problem scaling in real life is impossible, and you keep sliding down. Yes, you could argue this was done for realism, but there's a fine line between realism and unfun.Hard pass, if you want something similar go play the Forest, Minecraft, Don't Starve, or 7 Days to Die. They all have survival elements, crafting, roughly equivalent graphics, and you're being hunted by enemies that actually show up in the first hour, all without making you want to grind your teeth to dust as you try to move through the world."
76561197999440031,Recommended,223510,11586872,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,pugg,"Dark Souls: Prepare to Fall Down EditionEDIT: Don't get me wrong. I love this game. I just love the fact that the most challenging enemy in the game is the traversal of steep inclines; it's refreshing as hell, for players who enjoy survival-based gameplay."
76561198059519154,Recommended,223510,10567874,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,GINGER JESUS cs.money,best indie game ever
76561198041325415,Not Recommended,223510,22613465,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,stevegit,"Pro:The map system is great, in fact it is the only thing worthwhile in the game.  While it could utilize a lot of work (including creating your own marker points) it is the first semi-realistic mapping system I have seen.Cons:Bad Physics with a fair try.  they tried to make the system quasi physics based (but took physics 101 and stupped), the speeds and slowdowns are unrealistic and remind me of mario on ice or something that way.  Your like some old weak freak that can't climb worth crap or fall more than 3 inches, gets tired after a short (very short) sprint, and falls like a drunk on saturday night.  Moving is frustrating and pathetic.You can only carry one object, 3 flowers, and apparently a book with you.  While many games let you carry more than is realistic, this game thinks the only place to hold things is your hand apparently.  Oh and don't go for a swim, you will drop everything (and likely never find it again), even a tiny pond can mess you up.Graphics Suck:  There is no brightness control, so at night on my screen is pitch black, a cloud makes it as dark as night would be.  Due to the poor graphics (I maxed them out and still the detail is crap) you can see things very far away with in detail, as the game's mapping system requires you notice things far away, this is a pain.Boring:  Outside of mapping and needing to drink 5 galons of water a day, the only thing you do is gather plants in an attempt to find the right mixes.  There is a beast on the island to chase you around, though I am not exactly sure why.  You can only carry three flowers on you, so to do any real experimenting requires you do a lot of back and forth.  No need to protect yourself from weather or even eat food, so it does not even qualify as a survival game.Suggestions:Take the mapping system, get rid of the monsters, and be the first true survival game.  So many games out there come close on a lot of areas, but mess it up by either adding unbeatable uber monsters or have crappy world interactions.  This game does both. The idea of a quest/story line is great, but it's so tedious and slow to get flowers, the I feel it falls very short of it's potential benefit."
76561198004530621,Recommended,223510,12965909,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Sweet Trash Panda,"Played this game awhile back, year and half ago.   I was not expecting a whole lot, but I got to say, it was suprisingly good.Break it down for: You collect a bouquet of flowers while running from a badass pokemon.I'd highly reccomend it for people who like to take their time and explore."
,Recommended,223510,12435147,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,∞BellaEllis,"So far, i've only played an hour or so, but this game is so good! It looks amazing and the sound effects are so realistic, also it runs really smoothly with high graphic settings. It's a relaxed game where you explore and try and find a cure for a disease with plants etc. Definitely recommend it!"
76561197971020587,Recommended,223510,14717478,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,K-Nin3,"If you love survival type games then you have to pick this up!! I really enjoyed every minute I spent searching for plants, fungi, head stones, urns n camps. The island is just awesome, and the graphics are very good considering its made by 2 brothers. The screenshots ive taken are the best ive ever taken..... which says alot. The hours just drift away while playing, underlining the immersion. A great game overall and better than I ever expected8.5/10"
,Not Recommended,223510,11312084,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,viperbjw2,"Allthough there is a story and quest, it is lacking in direction, almost TOO much open world.  I lost focus about 30 minutes in and was kind of stuck not knowing what to do.  Maybe this is my fault, but I did not get to see much more than the first leve/stage of this game..."
,Not Recommended,223510,9775116,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Noto,"A perfect example of a game with an extremely interesting premise, but an awful execution."
76561197973562680,Not Recommended,223510,14926823,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Latro,Hmm I found this game uninteresting but boring. Perhaps it gets better but I can't see myself putting in another 5 hours to find out. There may be an interesting story here somewhere but to get to it is not worth the time. How many times must I go through the cutscene of examining a flower or making an elixer? You can pick up objects but can't do anything with them (other than the flowers and mushrooms etc.). Visually the game is lackluster and the sound of your progress through the environment is unrealistic and intrusive enough to be irritating. A pretentios piese of tripe. If you're lookinjg for something different and deeper than your typical fighting game try Talus Principle or Ethan Carter. By the way you can download it for free.
76561198059582793,Recommended,223510,17296748,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,big banana,It gave me the spokes 10/10
,Recommended,223510,10716891,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,NIL0S,The best Albert Schweitzer simulator ever.
,Recommended,223510,11742482,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,⚡⚡ cfitz001 ⚡⚡,Ups:-This game is a Science-Hippy Simulator-Teaches you how to make drugs.-Play fetch with a big ♥♥♥♥ off Jaguar-Oxe-Bear.Downs:-Got lost...again...and again......and again.
,Recommended,223510,9170486,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,FadedTeleTubby,Incredibly good survival game. Beautiful scenery but enough action to keep you on your feet. You won't be disappointed.
76561198048059733,Not Recommended,223510,24052608,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,slog,"dont waste your time on this one.  interesting idea, but poorly done.  lots of items to interact with but basically just to throw, no practical use.  no inventory to store things, so you'll be running back to a base all the time.  the whole plague ridin thing is a good idea, but the constant frustration of getting a fever and then falling down as you getting sicker and sicker just begs the question of ""why did i buy this again?"""
76561198127178712,Recommended,223510,24276495,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,brazorf,"NIce indie survival, definitely worth a try."
76561198104089191,Recommended,223510,12790719,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Bushi Neko,"A neat game. I had waited to get it, only to find I was liking it, just not 'into it'. The game plays fine, the graphics are good and I have nothing bad to say, so I will say if your after a bit of a differnt surival game, with good playability then yes, get it! Again, I at the time of writing this I just was not into sit and play it long term mode."
76561198077236433,Recommended,223510,6849426,"Posted: 28 December, 2012",all,Pantoska62,l
,Recommended,223510,9971497,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,4saken,A truly amazing experience.
76561198071098825,Recommended,223510,29356379,Posted: 19 January,all,theCollector™,"Game is odd but just awesome, c'd have a sequel though.."
76561198030927605,Recommended,223510,10520314,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,B. Cereus,"Amazing game with great story, just finished it! 10/10 would brainwash myself and play agian if I could!"
,Recommended,223510,10058027,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,LITTLEAQUAFINA,"Buy this game. Buy it. If you want one of the best experiences a video game can offer: BUY THIS GAME. I'm not saying any further, just buy it."
,Not Recommended,223510,7956138,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Tony,"The world of Miasmata is so wonderful, especially the day and night simulation. The main goal in this game is to stay alive and to find unique plants...yes that's it! That's a big factor which drives many players away! But there are some unique features in this game like cartography and the realistic walking system. Even being hunted by a strange creature I got really bored afterwards from walking around and not to able to find the last plant! There is so much potential in this game, if they added more content and features, the game would be a big hit. Unfortunately they stopped supporting this game :( If you really like to explore and feel being hunted, give this game a try! Thx for reading!"
76561198002406091,Not Recommended,223510,9649758,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Gorfinhofin,"In light of recent epiphanies I have had regarding my dislike of this game I have come up with a new, conciser review, but will keep the old one for... posterity or whatever.New Version:This game is a pioneer of the genre of early-access survival games, from before early-access even existed. Games like these feature a few neat gimmicks, a loosely established goal, and a veneer of realism, but are plagued by bugs and shoddy mechanics that are doomed to never be fixed. Today these games sit in the early-access section getting trivial updates every month or so until suddenly the developers get bored or realize that nobody is buying their game anymore and they give up. The game is left unfinished and forgotten.Miasmata gives the impression of being one of these forgotten end-products, except someone accidentally gave it a full release.Old Version:I was mildly enjoying this game until I accidentally strayed from the exact path the game wanted me to follow and I became hopelessly lost, unable to chart anything on my map, because obviously you can't map anything without a reference that is already on your map! You can't like start a new map and combine it with your old one later or something! That would be silly!Other assorted problems:The flame of the lighter has a faint green square around it where transparency is supposed to be.Trees produce an unnatural aura of darkness.Night is pitch black and if you aren't near a bed you basically have to stand around for 15 minutes until the sun rises.Falling over gives you a debilitating illness. (SO REALISTIC)Your character seems to think slopes are about twice as steep as they actually are.The monster is really dumb and it's hard to tell if you can even interact with it because its behavior makes no sense.I think there's some other glitchy stuff but I don't remember. I last played this game like over a year ago.Good things:The interface with the journal and the water bottle and medicine and stuff is pretty cool.Collecting flowers and mushrooms and making stuff is pretty cool I guess.The concept of the map making is pretty cool.That's about it."
,Not Recommended,223510,9677240,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,guyo,"Pretty bland. Exploration is fun at first, but the sub par graphics and player controls don't make for a great immersive experience that it would otherwise be capable of. Poorly optimised as well. Running it on max settings it still looks like a game that came out ages ago. It should not run poorly on even a modest machine.My PC3ghz quadcore8 dd2Nvidia 760 gtx7200rpm Sata HDDWindows 7 64bitWould only reccomend if on a Steam sale for > $5"
,Not Recommended,223510,9766743,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,Aspen_Deer,"It's pretty boring. It took a handful of months to finish it, because I only played it for a little bit at a time per month, and I wasn't even the one who finished it. My brother did. He played it more often than I did. He and I tortured our eyes by having to look at the terrible hand animations, bored to death by the monotonous and simple gameplay, frustrated to insanity by f***ing awful mapping system, not scared at all by the beast, and eventually giving up on trying to explore every crevice of the repetitive island (very VERY slowly advancing because of the mapping system) and pulling up a walkthrough to find the necessary plants just to see the ending. Turns out, the ending sucked balls as well! After creating the cure and swimming to that island that's out of your reach, you find a row boat, get inside, row away, and fall asleep on the boat...the end. All around, a huge wast of time and what little money I payed to play this game.Really, I thought this game was unfinished. It felt like I was playing an extremely early alpha of a game. I thought this game had potential, until I found out that it was finished."
76561198009595827,Recommended,223510,2583949,"Posted: 4 September, 2013",all,Dickmeis,"I am really enjoying this game so far. The varied environment looks and feels amazing, and there's a lot of explorations and secrets waiting to be revealed. This game is very different to other games that i played. If you are a type, who likes action/adventure indie-games, this is perfect for you!"
,Recommended,223510,2318108,"Posted: 11 March, 2013",all,UNATCO hurt my weenie,"Somebody finally did it right. Imagine starting out from Far Cry 2 and then going in the exact opposite direction that Far Cry 3 did. Imagine if Dear Esther was a video game. Imagine if two brothers had made a world that was many times more tense and interesting to explore than Oblivion. This is not an 'art' game, but it's also not commercial."
,Recommended,223510,9411637,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,MrZeebub,"I like the idea of an adventure game played in first-person(i.e. Amnesia).  I was sad to learn that it also had horror elements(i.e. Amnesia).  I modded the game to remove the horror elements, and I'm enjoying it a lot more, now.  I enjoy the immersive survival elements, as they make me actually think like a human being(Can I slide down this hill without breaking my ankle?).  The cartography mechanics are amazing, and a great way to expand on exploration."
,Recommended,223510,14775279,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Deathsong,pretty damn cool.
,Recommended,223510,9300293,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,triplepoint,"The concepts around mapping were interesting, and I think the game has promise, but the character's running physics is a combination of ice skating and oil tanker piloting.  And his stalker-phone-call heavy breathing every time he gets above a leisurely stroll is kind of annoying after a while.  All in all, with the plodding movement, the first hour I played just felt laborious and tedious, when it should've been an exciting exploration adventure.I'd love to see this game polished up a bit.  It really does seem like a good game with a few fatal flaws."
,Recommended,223510,453017,"Posted: 29 November, 2012",all,Draconis🐊,"I have played roughly an hour of this game. It is sort of like Penumbra and Amnesia meet Antichrist. From the moment you head inland you realise something is terribly wrong. Making the verdant forests teeming with animals (Which are quite well rendered for a indie game.) into unsettling revelations that nature is satans church. The game actually takes into account gradient and texture of terrain allowing you to quickly traverse paths or stumble across rocky ground. Hills and other slopes make for slow going but careful of running too fast down them. As you may stumble, Which is especially unfortunate if you are not alone."
76561198006734457,Not Recommended,223510,17123490,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,ROBINO,"I thought this game looked good but in the end I didn't really like it.  The main reason is because the liablility my character has to fall and slide down the gentlest of slopes on this very, VERY slopey island."
76561198040779791,Recommended,223510,14133904,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Pez421,Huh okay well I guess I'll go this way. Oh look a hut i wonder what's inside. Huh guess I'll go looking for ingredients. Hmm i need to fill out that map. Did I hear something?... WHAT THE HELL IS THAT THING? *dies
,Recommended,223510,391765,"Posted: 23 March, 2013",all,Saint Satan,Buggy to the point of being pretty much unplayable.  Months later and still no fixes or updates.
,Recommended,223510,11952677,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,rogermorse@tablet,"Wonderful! I wish they could make some conversion to cry engine 3 or something, because graphics are literally the only down side. Which, by the way, are not really that bad. Also when a game with bad graphics can entertain this much, it means only one thing: there is some content and it gets your attention for the game itself and not some shiny effects.Survival experience, atmosphere, exploration, I got really addicted and played the game in a few days but in big sessions.  Recommended ++++++++++++ 80/100"
,Recommended,223510,26942662,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,TR!GGA,A game you will always remember!
76561198031278560,Recommended,223510,4047261,"Posted: 17 January, 2013",all,Othobrithol,"Brilliantly done with gobs of atmosphere and incredible immersion. Hard to finish, however, because the last half has nothing new to it that wasn't seen in the first half. Incredible exploration with orientering and cartography. Engine was homegrown and is a bit rough, but I eagerly look forward to the next project from these guys."
,Recommended,223510,7777397,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,lil Joshu,"A quite good indie game about survival. It's you vs the elements. This survival game takes the idea to a new level, turning survival out of a tag-on to other genres (survival-horror, survival-action, etc.) and fully into a genre in its own right - the survival genre.Further, you will learn from this game. Given a few hours of gameplay, you'll understand deeper how to use maps, compasses, and landmarks to find your way (including how to make your own), to make you that much better at survival in real life."
76561197971353375,Recommended,223510,35261031,Posted: 28 September,all,BIG BOSS DIK,Good game.
76561198031912061,Recommended,223510,12994043,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Tosong,Great game. The game is very absorbing and the atmosphere has been made well enought that it feels like you're really there. Very beautiful and immersive. Gameplay is good. Nice fresh idea. The movement takes a bit of getting used to. Sometimes you'll slide if you stop suddenly. Really well put together overall.
,Not Recommended,223510,24219246,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Draxxalon,"Cool mapping mechanic.Cool research/medicine mechanics.Neat story elements.LAME♥♥♥♥♥STUPID ""Creature"".   Totally ruins the entire experience."
76561197991893709,Not Recommended,223510,12331546,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Senka,"With the first trailer i was hooked for a survival sim, but while i played the game it become fast a big disappointment.The game has 3 main game mechanics: discovering ( with a unique trainqulation/map system and a bit story telling), creating medicine ( thought finding, anaylsing and mixing the ingredients) and surviving (care the fever with medicine and water, avoiding monsters, sleeping at night and use fire/light to enlight or defense)I like the idea to discover new plants and research the right medicine for your fever/plague and the variety is big, but it´s getting fast boring.My biggest problem is the broken and clumys player momvent. It take so long to climb a flat hill and you rush so fast down hill. Turning around and move left/right/back is slowly and is disproportionate sluggish by contrast with straight foreward. This sounds like a no big deal, but it´s so fundamental to this kind of game and it´s broken and frustrated me fast :(I wish they  take more time to the balancing and make some testing. It´s seems pretty unpolished.It feels so un-sastisfaying to discover or travel around the map with this problems.Also there are many other bugs like sound cliping errors, menu glitches, texture rendering bug and many more.Even on the hightes graphic settings it looks like and feels like a game from 2005.I know it´s hard to make a good game with two persons with such big world (ambition), but its even leaking the basics of game design, so I can´t recommend this game :(All the best for the next project!"
,Not Recommended,223510,8520312,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Deus Jäger,"All around decent, Its fun and challenging. On the other hand its graphics are not all that impressive, mechanics could use a little polishing, gets boring after so much time playing and despite the clear objective most of the time is spent wandering aimlessly in hopes that maybe you will find some sort of clue that will send you in a very general direction. It is fun but if you are going to buy it wait til it goes on sale."
76561197992404497,Not Recommended,223510,21359160,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Arcanix,"This is one of those unpolished ""games"" that takes minimalism - and itself - too seriously. Ultimately, it's the little things that make this game unenjoyable.1. ""What the heck am I seeing?""When you shave off so much of the UI as to be non-existant, you defeat the purpose. There is almost no in-game text to help discern what you are looking at. I am not a botanist, so don't expect me to instantly categorize and identify each plant the game presents. Since textures are recycled so much, it is impossible to discern or orient yourself (see gripe #3).2. ""What the heck am I hearing?""Put simply, the sound is atrocious. It lacks true ambience, and the music only comes up in the menu. Most annoying is the fact that the same bass effect is used for being preyed upon by predators AND the sound of your heart when you strain yourself, so after one too many encounters you cannot tell if your character is just paranoid or stupid.3. ""Where the heck am I?""Getting lost sucks. It isn't fun to try to figure out where you are. Coming back to the game later means having almost no idea where anything is anymore. You get a map, but you have to fill it in manually by way of triangulation... except that the surroundings are so thick that you cannot view almost any landmark - and no, you cannot look through the foliage. The fact that you are under pressure of a disease means meandering about aimlessly is not an option... which takes us to gripe number 4.4. You can only carry one of anything.I spent hours of game time harvesting ingredients and making multiple doses of key medicines, only to find later that I only had one dose in my inventory. The game never tells you that your giant pillbox can hold only a single dose of anything. I get easily fifty mints in an Altoid tin, so don't tell me this is even close to the realism they otherwise try to evoke.5. Immersion is great, until it becomes boring.Walking simulators have to strike a fine balance between distance and speed, and this game strikes out on this concept. After the third time getting exhausted for having to sprint, it gets annoying. The environments aren't so spectacular that I can enjoy these woods. Firewatch got it much better. Look, I get that the character is supposed to be some weakling geek, but asthma sucks enough in real life without needing to bring it into a game. What next, ""chemo sim 1995, where you get to watch your body rot!"" - no thanks.6. Slopes and momentum are not your friend.More to the point, you have all the control of a drunkard. Walking along a slight bank, only to have the angle shift juuuust enough so that the game decides you get to take a tumble downhill is just aggravating.7. Tools get lost with a sneeze, but plant samples? Deathgrip!The game tries so hard to be realistic but the fact that if you swim or fall then you are forced to drop weapons, yet your samples remain grasped firmly in hand is contradictory. Annoying design choices are blatant for being sophomorish.8. Food is unnecessary, apparently!Exertion, exhaustion, strain, thirst, carrying capacity... all of these are carefully tracked in the game. Survival should incorporate food/hunger. Maybe I never got that far in the game, but after 4 days in the game world, you would expect some grumblies in the tumblies. Rabbit is tasty!9. Critters. Critters everywhere, and more silent than ninjas!Add them to the ambience, or let us kill them for food. The fuzzy animals should make fine eats, but the varmints and vermin are purely atmospheric.10. Useless samples are uselessLiterally, why bother at all? I get it, some of them don't make medicines. However the fact that this botanist can't turn them into deterrents for predators is ludicrous. Since the UI is so minimal, there is literally no way to drop the useless stuff. Worst of all, using them in crafting wastes the useful materials - you have to figure that out, however, the hard way.11. You cannot escape the menuThis seems like a minor gripe, but it is like I said at the start that the little things add up. Having to click out of the menu that you can only access by way of the ESC key is just another example of how the developer fails to understand basic concepts of UX.TL;DR:This game is just bad. Play it if you enjoy role-playing a suffering, dying, asthmatic dweeb with zero survival skills and no preservation instinct."
76561198018600754,Not Recommended,223510,10963258,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Angarak,not as good as i'd hoped
76561198041914790,Not Recommended,223510,8276478,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Hot Rats,"While it may sound like a back-handed comment, the only praise I have for this game is ""Nice try"" with ""try"" being the key word. It mostly feels like an illness simulator, with the core gameplay/goals centered around curing yourself. When I was told I was thirsty, it said to drink from a body water or a pitcher. So I immediatly went to the nearest body of water, only to find my knife missing due to swimming and unable to drink the water; no indication as to what is or isn't drinkable. More narrative seems to be what's missing from this game, and while I understand the concept of ""figuring things out"" as a desireable way of pacing a game, it falls short. I find it almost unplayable, which is a shame. It's core concept is fantastic."
,Not Recommended,223510,7770989,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,RƎPTILE,This game was definitely not what I expected. It sounded like such a good game but I knew 5 minutes into the game that it wasn't going to be very good. The controls are very clunky and the graphics are a bit lacking. I understand that this is a pretty low-budget game but this game promised more than it could deliver. It is just plain and boring. No fun at all.To sum it up:-Bad Graphics-Clunky Gameplay-Doesn't Deliver-Nothing to do/Boring
,Not Recommended,223510,9280260,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,PFC Hauger [29ID],"Greetings, comrades! I bought this game quite a while ago, and I really wanted to love this game. However I found it impossible to do so, which is a shame. Alright, let's go!Pros:Beautiful environment, simply brilliant graphics, with the weather patterns, day/night cycle, and the flora and fauna all fully realized and vibrant. Honestly, this game would be worth sale price simply for the graphics if you appreciate games like that.The mapping system is unique and realistic, but not TOO real as to render it not fun. In other words, it's as real as a game can make it while still being a game. I really enjoyed walking around just mapping the island. Definitely this is the game's strongest point.Cons:While the environment is well done, the detail on the hands and arms of the player are absolutely ATROCIOUS! Bad enough that, to this day, I use the term ""Miasmata hands"" to reflect a poorly designed first-person model. They could have at least used the standard cop-out of putting a watch or bracelet on the player's wrist to at least ease the pain of having to look at 2 ham shanks on the end of bologna rolls.The plot. Spoiler alert, your character is ill, and you must find a cure. I believe this to be an unnecessary handicap in the early game, and I personally found it insurmountable due to the rather boring nature of the quest. Also, you can't do too much in the way of travelling or running around until you found the cure.The ""creature"" is just a joke. I will say no more, just take my word for it.The controls are some of the worst I've ever seen. When you move the mouse, there's a delay in the motion, and when you stop, the camera ""shakes"" and your hands lapse over where you stopped the movement. It's really hard to describe, almost like it takes time to gain and lose momentum when looking. The same thing happens when you walk or run, which can be the death of you if you're near an edge you didn't see. Also, this same delay is present in everything you do, which is really annoying.I wish this game were better, as the concept could have been great. I just can't give this game a positive review due to all its faults.Thanks for reading, and have an awesome day!"
,Not Recommended,223510,18243162,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Gnikrutuf,"Empty, nothingness.You can just close your eyes and think of nothing and you will save 17 bucks.Hoh, and it likes to quite the game for no reason."
,Not Recommended,223510,11556117,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Mrs. Buttfucker,I was hoping this would be better than it actually turned out to be. Clunky controls and rough graphics that remind me of Morrowind. If you can look past that then maybe there is something for you here.
,Not Recommended,223510,10312976,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,ixurge,"not scaring.not funny.no map (oh, there is a map but you have to write down by yourself - good idea, but in a VERY unintuitive and complicated way)no plot.no one (except an huntung creature - why is it there?)basically nothing to do excepting going nowhere to find plants.basically, NOTHING."
,Not Recommended,223510,9630721,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,Rhizal,Under developed. I would not recommend in its current state when there are so many other games out there to choose from.
,Not Recommended,223510,284667,"Posted: 21 May, 2013",all,McFrugal,"This is a bad game, don't buy it.Your character controls like a drunk, stumbling all over the place and incapable of ascending a gentle slope at faster than crawling pace.  The game crashes when leaving the ESC menu.  There are a ton of cases where the wrong models are used during plant analysis.  The achievements are glitched to hell.You are in more danger of dying from tumbling down perfectly climbable inclines than you are of getting killed by the 'creature'.  Speaking of the creature, I met it once after playing for a couple hours.  You get a warning that it's nearby via a loud heartbeat.  There's no indication of what direction it's in, and if you see it out of cover it will see you.  However it doesn't really move very fast so if you just run away you're fine.  Despite what the store page says, it doesn't really track you- it just randomly spawns near you.  So, just run in practically any direction and you're fine until it randomly spawns near you again.  Pointless.  Oh and if it hits you, you die instantly.The landmark system sounds clever except for the fact that trees and inclines seem to be placed specifically so that you can't see landmarks most of the time.  Also there seem to be no sanity checks involved.  You can walk like 10 feet for a second triangulation to verify where distant landmarks are, and can use landmarks that are in line with you to verify your own position.  There's no minimum angle between landmarks or minimum distance between triangulations.Health is represented solely by how sick you are.  So, falling down a cliff gives you a fever, rather than bruises.  There's food on the island but you can't eat any of it because it's all half-rotten fruit.  You can supposedly drink from any non-saltwater source, but I already found a river that I couldn't drink from.This game is a MESS."
76561197980653040,Not Recommended,223510,871500,"Posted: 28 June, 2013",all,Bryan/Boomer,"I thought the concept of this game could be fun, I like games like this, but I found this game to be extremely boring, didn't have any crash issues or anything like that, just plain boring, do what you will with that."
,Recommended,223510,3709174,"Posted: 3 January, 2013",all,Bobombful 张化,"Ce jeu est la preuve même que l'optimisation d'un jeu peut aussi se faire avec les couilles , après niveau efficacité ça reste discutable ."
,Recommended,223510,12240812,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,csinitialized,"It's fun to explore this interesting island. I had some issues with the navigation system though. At first it was interesting but I frequently ran into situations where I was strugling to get to just the right vantange point to see some statue, just so I could progress further into the island. I eventually just ditched it and trekked off into the unkown and got lost and died."
76561198041611770,Not Recommended,223510,13629587,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,waxton,"I guess I should have lower expectations from a team of two, but the game felt clunky and directionless."
76561197994265904,Recommended,223510,13976482,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Amenhotep,Getting lost simulator 11/10 would roll down a cliff again.
,Recommended,223510,2205936,"Posted: 28 November, 2012",all,Ciradis,THE FIRST GREENLIT GAME THATS ACTUALLY PLAYABLEaslong as your on 800x600 res with forced vsync on and all low settingsbut its actually pretty fun and i can barely tell a difference from low-high so yeah
76561198005252319,Recommended,223510,16420483,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,gator32,best game ever
,Not Recommended,223510,23791024,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,KingIsaacLinksr,"A Paladin’s Updated Review: Miasmata. Don’t Bother Stalking This Ugly Beast.Genre: First Person Survival/Adventure Open Worldish Title.Developed & Published by: IonFXPlatform: Windows only.Business Model: Single PurchaseCopy Purchased by MyselfRead the full & unabridged review on A Paladin Without A CrusadeOverall Gameplay ThoughtsYou play as Robert Hughes, a scientist who has come to an island named Eden (subtle) to cure an unnamed plague that he’s been stricken by. He hopes to meet up with a group of scientists to to work on figuring out the cure but upon arrival, he finds one of them dead and clearly something has gone wrong. What suggests to be a murder though quickly fades into the background. If there was a murderer(s) on the island, the game almost seems to forget about it after the opening ten minutes of the game. Instead, it decides to focus its attention on the crafting system and surviving the creature prowling the island to eventually fixing the cure. What little story that’s there isn’t really enough to capture my attention. Not when we’re talking about unknown persons on an unknown island trying to cure an unknown plague for themselves and an unknown number of people. If there is more lore to this game, it takes far too long to get there. What you’re left with is “surviving” the island.Gameplay ExaminationThe game features a creature that they claim will stalk you for miles, lurking behind grasses, vegetation and overall trying to hunt you down. It’s supposed to be a smart AI but it isn’t. The AI doesn’t do a very good job of hunting the player down and can easily lose sight of the player behind a thin tree. Simply outrunning it is also a viable option which really dampens the threat it has. One particular event in the game really showed me how poorly designed the AI had been. I had been heading towards a new part of the island to find more ingredients for the cure. I was walking along, seeing birds fly about when I started hearing my character’s heartbeat. So, I found some grass to hide in and crouched down. The game’s UI will warn you when the creature has spotted you. Which is interesting considering how much the devs tried to go out of their way to avoid using traditional UI before this point. There is only a limited amount of UI used, instead the game relies on in-game items like a paper map and journal to display information. It carries all of your notes, information you research and current status. It’s a pretty neat, if clunky, and in need of further polish.So, I waited for the creature to pass me by. After it did, I moved further into the island towards another outpost. Along the way there, I found a pond and I heard my character’s heartbeat going faster. The creature had found me. So, I move down the ledge, hid behind a thin tree and crouch to find out where it was. It was up on the ledge, looking for me. It then came down the ledge, awkward animations and all, going right past me. It should have spotted me at that point but apparently this super hunter is incredibly bad at hunting. It goes down to the water and circles about, unaware of where I am so I decide to test how good its “vision” is. It finally does spot me, when I had gotten far closer than I should have been able to, so I try to back off. It wasn’t having any of that so I stood my ground and decided to fight. The creature swipes a paw at me and…..nothing happens. I’m moving around a little bit but I should have been easily hit. It swipes a couple more times and still nothing happens. I decide to run away. Despite the creature following me, I suffer no damage and am able to run away. Then it gets stuck on a wall that I went around and stood there impotently growling at me. I stood there, sorely disappointed.PC Settings and Audio/VideoThe performance of Miasmata is pretty poor and older hardware will have a tough time running it. As stated before, the visuals for this game are ugly, poorly defined and lacking color. Miasmata has aged very badly in the years since I first played it. The graphics and overall style just feels ugly. I’m not even sure why it got or continues to get praise for its graphical fidelity when games that came out a year prior look far and away better than it does. Nothing is really appealing, with a world darkened by grey hues and lack of color outside of grass and the occasional flower. It’s a game that’s just draining on the eyes, if the mechanics aren’t draining on the player. There are very rare moments when the game might look good but these are outweighed by a world that needed a lot more development time. To at least make an island that would be genuinely more interesting to explore. As it stands, there’s just a lot of grass, trees, streams, beaches some flowers and small hills to run around. Nothing really peaks my curiosity about the place. Audio design is in bad need of an overhaul. While the soundtrack is reasonable, the audio atmosphere is lacking most of the time and there are plenty of sound effects missing.Final ThoughtsIt’s a very two dimensional exploration and survival game. There’s no real incentive for exploring the island. The only items that can be found are barely usable weapons, torches and flowers. That’s it. There’s no reason to explore the island for its graphics, that’s for certain.Few games have ever shattered my immersion so completely like Miasmata has done in this genre. Upon seeing the creature’s easily gameable flaws and generally being worn down by the uninteresting mechanics, I had enough. This game is just ugly, both mechanically and visually. The crafting system is a bore, the triangulation navigation system is repetitive and unrewarding and just traveling around the island can be the biggest threat to your survival, not the creature. The visual style has a sense of being constantly dirty and faded out that it drains me to even look at it. This is a game that had such promise but ultimately falls short. A custom engine that didn’t do anything that unique at the time, a premise that in the right hands could be a lot of fun but was clearly not in those hands. It didn’t help that it got very little post-release support but I guess that’s unsurprising in this case. IonFX has been very quiet since Miasmata was released to the point that I think the company may have failed. Simply put, a lot better games have come out since Miasmata and are worth your attention more than this one.Read this review and more on A Paladin Without A Crusade"
,Not Recommended,223510,9827034,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Cotton,"Physics felt very clunky, like I was a massive bowling ball trying to survive on an island.  I struggled to figure out the controls.  Wasn't sure what I was supposed to be doing besides picking flowers, nothing apparently, so it got boirng.  I only played a little but I didn't see the ""creature.""  I would like this a bit more if I felt comfterable looking through this characters eyes and controlling it, but I wasn't.  I also don't like being lost in the woods at night feeling drunk and falling off cliffs.  Once you start moving you slide all over the place.  I will give it this, its beautiful, bravo, keep up the good work!  But whats with that Goldeneye 64 breathing sound effect?  Seriously, I'm sure its great if you like this sort of thing but I couldn't handle feeling like a giant bowling ball trying to walk and fit places."
,Recommended,223510,2285614,"Posted: 22 February, 2013",all,MayhemMike,"A fascinating survival/exploration game made by only 2 ppl. Very beautiful graphics with a lot of love put into it.You are playing a scientist (first person view) who suffers from the plague and is looking for a cure on an empty island. Well empty except of some sort of beast that hunts you.Most of the time you are exploring the island, search for the right formula for your medicine, collect flowers and do some research on the,Every now and then you will encounter the beast, you can't fight it you can only run or hide which makes a great atmosphere.A bit similar to Amnesia but not that stressful"
76561198044621638,Not Recommended,223510,28344023,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,Pissmonger Steve,"Meh.Poor balancing on how quickly you get tired; an inconvenient at best, tiresome and erratic at worst, system for discovering your map, and a myriad of mediocre survival indie tropes - an unimpressively simple-yet-time-consuming-to-get-ingredients crafting system.But none of those things compare to the physics engine. Oh god the physics engine. It's like you get a zany supervillan with overly elaborate gravity ray that randomly shoots the player, sending them into a mild tumble. This is your main obstacle. It makes sense if this were to trigger for you deciding to randomly jump off a cliff, but it does it a lot on the tiniest of mounds and steps.The bottom line is, it's justnot fun. At all. I'm embarrassed how many hours I've racked up on it, but I guess I thought I would try get my money's worth or something. Don't try that. Your time is worth more than that.I have reasonable small-time studio expectations on what graphics are capable of being produced. But... visually everything is just a little too clunky, obtuse and unrefined to keep the atmosphere going. It's just short of bridging the gap. A strong point however is how diverse the island is, a respectable effort into the island's design is definitely there.tl;dr: There are so many other games that do every feature you find here much better, and aren't necessarily expensive. The Forest is one that comes to mind.Maybe give it a shot if you're a die hard. There are worse games out there."
,Recommended,223510,9782281,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Arrakis,"This game is a must buy. It is so complex yet when you get the basics down you're an expert navigator. Getting lost at night is horrifying, hell, getting lost in general in this game is ♥♥♥♥ing hell.♥♥♥♥♥♥like this happens though, you just need find a general direction and head off. When your heart beats, don't run, calmly walk into a bush until it passes. The creature is a damn nightmare so be careful. It's a bit buggy but the overall game is more than playable. It's insanely immersive almost to the point where I felt depressed swimming to the final island and setting sail after finding the cure. I miss exploring this new land...I miss that beating heart warning you to hide or ♥♥♥♥ing book it... I miss failing at triangulating my position when I got lost... I miss the creature... I miss him so much... I wish there was more information on him... Insanely great game, 8/10 (due to it being a bit buggy)"
76561198076670780,Not Recommended,223510,34779232,Posted: 6 September,all,Burwaka,In general its a very nice game but its not playable with that broken controls.If they fix or update that I would may give it another try.
76561198069779071,Recommended,223510,21763389,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,The Crimson Fucker,10/10i^2 was meh
,Not Recommended,223510,8500736,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,That One Guy,Terrible animations and an overall poor quality game. I regret buying it.
,Recommended,223510,16386812,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Chunk Stuffer,I HAD MORE FUN SHOVING 3 FINGERS UP MY♥♥♥♥♥AND SCREAMING HAIL HYDRA THAN PLAYING THIS PEICE OF♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,223510,12360345,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Dark,"This one..If you dont own it, shame on you.So simple, yet not, so nervewrecking,So cozy, yet unpleasant.If you like detailed survival games, some strugling, some sense of helplessness, and hate zombies,This is the game."
,Not Recommended,223510,8431360,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,HeheXD,It is not as good as you might think...
,Not Recommended,223510,8314608,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Dabba The Hutt,"This game is confusing, has very few commands and can become frustrating since everything you do seems to be pointless.  The game has little to no intructions and I suggest not even crowding your Steam list with the title. I don't think I've ever had to write such a bad review in my life."
,Recommended,223510,30309994,Posted: 4 March,all,BilboSwaggins,This is a true survival game. Would cliff dive again.
,Recommended,223510,28337226,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Razzismus,Thanks Steam Greenlight community for releasing this fantastic game!
76561197983747040,Recommended,223510,28263685,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,JohnDaker'sArmy,Pretty. Nice. Pretty nice game.
76561198014944420,Recommended,223510,28128056,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,Doolen,Orienteering simulator 2012
76561198022920769,Not Recommended,223510,14056110,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Ghaleonx39,"Do you enjoy running around doing nothing for hours on end with the coordination of a 3 year old? Then this game may be just right for you!Simply put, this game is incredibly boring.  It's a neat idea, but the execution and sheer lack of anything to do just makes it mind numbling awful to play.  You play as a scientist trying to find a cure for a disease you have by experimenting with various plants throughout the island you're trapped on.  So literally the entire game is running around a giant island looking for plants, coming back to a lab to test then, rinse and repeat until you get your cure.  Honestly it wouldn't be too bad if the game mechanics worked ok, but as said in my opening line you have about as much coordination as a mentally handicapped racoon.  Combine that with such other wonders as drowning in 3 inches of water, and you get a game who's soul aspect is exploration with incredibly aggravating controls to perform said exploration."
,Recommended,223510,2459500,"Posted: 8 March, 2013",all,Bonder,"BUY THIS GAME!!!  this game is what game development should be all about - these guys literally built their own game engine themselves, and they continue to make improvements and will continue to do so until the product is as close to perfect as practically possible.The gameplay is awesome, if you love exploring, beautiful landscapes, mystery, and crafting (you will learn some botany to boot) with a bit of danger. Dont expect fps style action.There are a very few rough edges, and optimization needs to get better, but it will, these guys answer almost every post on the forums and are just freaking rock stars.So put down that cuntastic EA / Activision / Ubisoft game and do something Good with your money!"
,Not Recommended,223510,10495460,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,theurbanwatcher,DO NOT SUPPORT DEVELOPERS OF MIASMATAGame was abandoned by devsDevs started new game projectGame is boring and overpricedSummary: You wake up on an island where you can walk around and make medicine. That's it.Price: $15.99DO NOT BUY even on sale.
,Not Recommended,223510,9959326,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Dranged,"Looking for an exciting game?Look somewhere else.What I was looking forI was looking for a survival based game, you know, hunt for food. Build shelter, try survive against the elements while your batteling this terrible disease. Try fight off creatures in the woods like Wolves, Bears, whatever... However, what I got was something much more boring and plain.What I gotHere is the jist of the game. You start out, dying, you have to go find plants and fungai to research to make medicine to cure your disease. Thats it!You wander around, finding plants. Your guy has to drink water to stay hydrated, also the controls are very clunky and blocky. Like walking on ice. Your guys slips and falls down small inclines all the time for no apparent reasons and there isn't much of stopping him.I see what they were attempting to do with the game. I like the idea, But it just feels very, unfinished and leaves the player wondering what there is to come. Your waiting for excitement and it never shows up. To put it plain, there is nothing about this game that will keep players coming back to it. It's not even a one hit wonder. It falls into a category that has stiff competition right now and there really is no apparent reason to play this game cause they got so many competitors that sell this genre to you and do it 100x better.Apparently there is also a creature that can attack you as well... Well. I have not seen him yet. The only thing to make you worried is this disease, but it's okay. There are plenty of plants to pick and thankfully many other games as well."
,Not Recommended,223510,24096292,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,UKSharon,nice game shame that they have not listened to the buyers of the game as to what is needed.I liked the look of the game and game plays smooth but it is so annoying that you can only carry approx 3 things at the same time so your forever running back and forth.
76561198042894652,Not Recommended,223510,9481802,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Count Cuckula,"Okay, I haven't played much of the game yet, but this is what I think and why I won't finish the game.Story aside the game seems to aim to be realistic. You can pick up rocks and throw them, you can pick up wood and make a torch, you have to drink regularly, you need to triangulate your location on a map instead of having a pointer that shows you exactly where you are at anytime etc.Yet this makes the game feel even weirder in other parts. The character moves is pretty unrealistic, you cannot swim (maybe you can train it), the triangulation works perfectly (if you figured out how) without any kind of equipment to measure distances or calculate or anything. The research is ridiculous, you grab a flower go to a shack with a microscope (and they are miraculously all over the island) cut it up, put it under the microscope and suddenly you know exactly that this thing is very effective in curing fever...if only real life science would be that easy.To top things off the inventory is amazing, not that you could carry infinite amounty of stuff, no...you can carry everything that fits in your hand...and only one hand at a time.It is cruel to the devs, but this game is for me nothing more than a redoing of the Slender Man game with more stupid♥♥♥♥♥♥in it.Edit:After playing it some more I stand with my previous review."
76561198020149761,Recommended,223510,28275625,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,It's full of stars...,Very Unique
,Not Recommended,223510,25509622,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,DeadnCryin,"unpolished, rushed game with a great concept.pro:-great concept.and thats all....cons:-movement is a nightmare. its like controling a fat drunk person with inner ear infection.-you can hold 2 flowers in one hand. yes that is your full inventory. you will walk for 10 min across the land to pick up 2 flowers and head back.-you can create one medicine of each type. if you create a second batch of the same medicine, you will lose the row materials and still have one ( the old ) batch only.- you will still use your medicine even if you dont need it.-ugly graphics. one of the worst textures i've ever seen. ugly trees.-game is not optemized at all, runs slow and lags on my computer which runs Farcry 4 smoothly at maximum settings.its for 15 euros ! , and the developers are not improving on it. no updates.yes i know it a 2 man developer team. not a good reason to sell expensive lagy game.dont get it even at 90% sale.  how in H did this game get so much good reviews?0/10"
76561197981588360,Not Recommended,223510,28740491,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,40GallonTophat,"tl;drNeat ideas very poorly executed.  2/10Ps & Cs+ Neat concept -- become a scientist and make your own cure+ Neat use of map -- use the environment to triangulate your location- Looks downright terrible- Stopping is like wearing skates- Always sick, always tired, always thirsty- You may carry one  item -- ""hmmm, this banana or this knife...""Nitty GrittyI wanted to like this game and it seems like a cool idea just terribly executed.  In the 30 minutes I played inventory became an issue 30 times.  You may carry exactly 1 item, and if you're going to swim, you'll just drop the item at the bottom of the lake.  A torch!  Better chuck my knife on the ground to use it!  A banana!  Better chuck that torch on the ground to use it!  You have to cure your fever every day, that means you have to make medicine, which is fine.  However as you can only carry one flower, you have to pick it, create the pills, take them, and then run back to the bush to get a single flower for tomorrow and make more pills.  I think with some kind of an inventory system this game could have been decent, as it is now it is 0% fun.  I picked it up on sale for $2.99 and quite frankly would have been furious had I paid full price.  2/10"
76561198027866075,Recommended,223510,12482417,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Stonebloodlust,an amazing game. lots of fun to play. One of the best purchases for a fan of the survival genre
,Not Recommended,223510,23126042,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,hubcaps,"This game looks like something special, the premise and the gameplay it presents are amazing when they work. But I can't get past the clunky movement, it's so off putting that I just can't get into the game. It forces you off hills you should be able to stand on, and it decides when and where you should be. Based on the movement alone I can't recommend this, although the systems and mechanics in this game are pretty fun otherwise."
,Not Recommended,223510,21800727,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Dimanor3,"I wanted to like this game, I really did, but I couldn't handle a lot of the issues in it. For one, when you strafe left and then start to strafe to the right you move forward a bit, that shouldn't happen... Then when you open the map you have the compus in your right hand, even though your body isn't moving if you turn your head the compuses direction changes, I'm 100% sure that that isn't supposed to happen. Then comes the rocks, you pick one up and when you press lmb the rock swings in a really awkward manner, I couldn't handle it. The jump height could also be increased a bit, that'd be nice. Until these issues are fixed avoid the game like the plague (hehe, get what I did there?) if you can't stand such a blatant disregard for realism!"
,Recommended,223510,34778042,Posted: 6 September,all,IVih,gg
,Not Recommended,223510,9956856,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,MisterS42 [BEAST],"Poorly optimized even for a first-effort engine, the creature design looks like someone threw up into a Star Trek novel, and laughable animations.  We're talking Big Rig Racing level animations here.  0/10"
76561198065679560,Not Recommended,223510,16365575,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,newfire64,"My first impression of this game is that the main character is incredibly out of shape.10 seconds of running - he has an asthma attack30 seconds of running - starts to black out10 seconds of swimming - he starts to drownTries to walk down a hill - tumbles to his deathThe incredibly unhealthy protagonist aside, the rest of the game seems pretty boring4/10 - probably wouldn't stumble around in this game again"
,Not Recommended,223510,7756054,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,WickitWonka,I never really got it running. Many glitches and issues that plagued it.
76561197970444202,Not Recommended,223510,29229796,Posted: 13 January,all,Phoenix,"While the concept might be interesting, this game is utterly ruined by it's awful controls. Why the developers felt that making the main character handle like train car was a good choice is beyond me. Also, the introduction cutscene is unskippable and there a obvious bugs that haven't (and probably won't ever) been fixed, like mouse controls locking out aftere closing the in-game map, lag issues when enabling v-sync etc.- Installed- played for ten minutes- got fed up with the controls- uninstalledMeh. Glad i got this in a bundle. Would not pay full price."
,Not Recommended,223510,10205805,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,VicToMeyeZR,"Worst game ever!!!!!  The developer has made a ""cat"" that is impossible to get away from, and you can't attack it at all.  It iwll kill you about every 3 minutes, and there is nothign you can do about it...  Make the game stupid and not worth the headache!!!!!  Wish I could get money back"
,Not Recommended,223510,24172679,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,ReconSixth,Miasmata is rather quite boring game. Yes I know this game is developed by community and not developer. Miasmata looks unfinished and dull too.
76561198057147077,Not Recommended,223510,8233507,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Ritsu,booooooo this♥♥♥♥♥♥get borings
,Recommended,223510,10311392,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,alphamabet,Don't buy it. It's bad.
,Not Recommended,223510,7765129,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Zeal,"An absolute trainwreck of a game. The advertising screenshots paint a picture of a beautiful game, however, the picturesque environment is marred by an extremely clunky control system that makes you feel as if you're playing a First Person Perspective version of QWOP and gameplay that is so shallow and uninspired as to barely warrant the term gameplay at all. Don't waste your time or money on this. The only redeeming quality that Miasmata has is the pretty screenshots and you can get those for free here. Beyond that, you're looking at a game so completely terrible that it killed my faith in Greenlit games."
,Not Recommended,223510,33669300,Posted: 20 July,all,Fenris,"I gave this game an hour.  It completely failed to engage me in that time.  Poor interface, dull enviornment.  Some interesting ideas in here, which is why I bought it. But as a game, it's just tedious and clunky, to the point where I can't even hang long enough to explore the interesting ideas."
,Not Recommended,223510,29453521,Posted: 23 January,all,AeroLion,"Controls and movements(Walking side ways is so unbreable) are horrible, great concept, The game looks like♥♥♥♥♥♥ I tried playing it, found a 2 plants made medicine. The help button doesn't do jack. The canteen that's accesible from the journal is no where to be found(Unless its found somewhere farther, but♥♥♥♥♥it since it didn't say so).I don't really care about the graphics, but the grass loading about 10-15 feet away from you as well as in-cabin items is annoying. No options for this is given."
,Not Recommended,223510,8276053,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Ghost2975,it sucks
76561198007666575,Not Recommended,223510,27979125,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,The Lobo Of WS,"It has bad graphics, and its not that much fun to play."
,Not Recommended,223510,24003950,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Lady Death,only worth 3 bucks
76561198010436041,Not Recommended,223510,22026493,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Jose,"God, this must be one of the worst games ever and I think I have the right to say that after experiencing Ride To Hell:Retribution. Although I paid next to nothing for this game I still feel like it owns me a hour of my life back. I have tried to like this but its near impossible."
76561198079622427,Not Recommended,223510,31796208,Posted: 16 May,all,TheRPer,Slow. Clunky. Unrefined.
76561198288803223,Not Recommended,223510,30657266,Posted: 21 March,all,Kitty,"I am one that likes to relax when playing games at times, a slow building survival game is pretty decent but this one is so bad It put me to sleep! might be fun for a 10 year old. But definitly not for anyone older."
,Not Recommended,223510,12783793,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,[VCD] Defender (no mic),"Wandered for a bit, then got lost and drowned.That's essentially what the game boils down to."
,Not Recommended,223510,25066249,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Logey,Trash
,Not Recommended,223510,32957866,Posted: 28 June,all,WλFFLES,Well sir i dont like it!
,Recommended,223510,19156057,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Arpogest,"Absolutely mesmerizing mixture of exploration, investigation and survival experience, which could easily shift from pure contemplation to the moments of unbearable tension. But at the same time, unlike many other survival based games, Miasmata asks you to carefully navigate and study its world, rather than conquer it with weapons and technology. So you always have to treat your environment with care and respect... just like in real life."
76561198192988089,Recommended,223510,18909413,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,RAYetc,Very impressive game. The main goal is very interesting and different from other suvival games.
76561198053491245,Recommended,223510,5648697,"Posted: 25 August, 2013",all,KaleAzaria,"I really enjoyed this game, which is saying alot, cause i really don't like horror games. The first long while is survival and exploration, and the closer you get to finding the cure, the monster appears more and more often, transitioning into a constant, look-over-your-shoulder horror. The monster itself isn't very scary...but when you can't defend yourself against it at all and you're so close to finding a new drug, that's scary on its own.Every new plant I found and researched was like a small achievement deserving a jump for joy, whether it was a simple antibiotic, a temporary boost to my stats, a part of a permanent change to my stats, or one of the key plants needed for the ultimate cure. NEVER have I been more excited about flora!What's bad about it is that there are alot of slippery slopes...literally. Due to the fact that you're traversing this seemingly empty island by foot with a increasingly degrading disease, a small slip could send you tumbling down a small hill, making your sickness worse and on top of dropping all flora you were currently holding. Though they can be found around the area of the fall, if night is quickly approaching, the creature is on the hunt, or whatever reason, chances are you'll have to trek back and pick more up, you clutz. Also, the view of the island is breathtaking, but the characters graphics, which consist of two arms, are glitchy and underdeveloped. You'll see what i mean when you see it.Start the game and you quickly realized that you are undeniably SCREWED. Finish the game, and feel like a champion for rising above such an imposing challenge.Worth buying? Yes."
76561198040456435,Not Recommended,223510,19371442,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Kittysnake,The graphics are pretty poor and I didn't really feel like I was surving. It felt more like a point and click adventure game with bad graphics. I appreciate that it was only made by two people and at least it was only $4 when I bought it but I got bored of it really quick.
,Recommended,223510,19558434,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,ashenCrusader,"Miasmata is actually a pretty enjoyable game. I am happy with what I paid for it and I like a lot of the mechanics and the little story elements going on. Though all that aside the only thing I'm not supre fond of is the Map+Cartography system. It's difficult to mapout anything other than the little paper pick ups you might get. That aside, it is enjoyable."
76561197961928270,Recommended,223510,104320,"Posted: 12 September, 2013",all,KarlMonster,"This game is awesome. It really feels like you are wandering around - and getting lost! - on a smallish isnland. It's a survival horror game where you are seeking a cure for your disease - while something is hunting you. A group of scientists found the cure here, but they are a little bit dead now and the formula has to be re-discovered. Can you find a cure for the Plague before you become Purina Monster Chow?I also suggest that you read General Rye's negative review. His reasons for hating it are reasons why I like it. Yes, it seems like you are a 300 pound clod stumbling around an island - just like a real person, and not some uber-marine from your local FPS. You know what happens at night? It gets dark! Why the heck would you be wandering around in the dark when there's some freaky monster wandering around? Also, the game penalizes you for being awake all day (a neat  thing that few games do), with moments of exhaustion, which can be remedied by (strangely enough) sleeping!I'd like to see a sequel."
,Recommended,223510,1978858,"Posted: 11 February, 2013",all,McQuiggle,Falling down a hill simulator 2012.
76561198019992963,Recommended,223510,10004743,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,pawzisme,"When I first  tried this game for a few hours, I didn't like it. I thought the graphics were poor, the repetition of tasks irksome,   the fact that  my characters hands remained bloody however many times I  drank from water pools was ( and still is) annoying,  and the tension of trying to find somewhere to rest before dark or before the beast got me was  ever-present on  each new journey. Well... I have  restarted the game several times and, you could say, got used to it now, so my view point has amended. For one thing, I have discovered that the beast can be hidden from, if you are in the right terrain. He is not very bright, or maybe just short-sighted, as just hiding behind a rock near the waters edge works, so I feel there is more of a chance of survival once I hear that heart-beat. The limitation on how many  plant-species you can hold, and how many can be stored is another area of challenge, and I am getting desperate to find a successful match of two plants. All I have is 'one of each' in respect of mental acuity, strength,  agent y possibility, etc and all my six parking bays are full - and I need to  create some more  health boosters as well, so life is not easy! That is the point of the game, I suspect. If it were a breeze we would have lost interest and gone elsewhere before the map was half covered - and I haven't even covered a third of it yet. So, now I recommend it. Look past the minor irritants, try and keep one step ahead of dragon-creature ( why do some call it Milo I wonder?) keep looking for the right plants, and surviving WILL get easier sooner  or later... I hope.."
,Recommended,223510,187132,"Posted: 8 December, 2012",all,cactus friend,The best island exploration with a fever simulator money can buy.
76561198080324693,Recommended,223510,9999919,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,DerpyCat,"Meeeeeeeeeeeeeeeeh. I was looking for a survival game. Not herbal journeys.The ambience and overall feel the environment gives you is nice, but it's like my guy or girl (you never see the body--only the arms) (women can have manly hands...) (ewww) is walking on banana peels.ah, yes, the ambience is nice, but there is a lack of suspense, other than falling.violence: 1/10strategy:7/10environment immersion:7/10sex...well, there is a banana and an apple. You know where this is going.Recommended?If you want a forest walk simulator."
76561198053697335,Recommended,223510,5660520,"Posted: 28 June, 2013",all,millert80,"First of all,it's a beautiful game.If you like to exsplore and not be rushed this is the game for you.You (the player) are tasked with the quest to find a cure for a disease that you have... survival is number one in this game.It's a great survival game."
76561198023015333,Recommended,223510,10074521,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,cheese burger,very fun and at some moments scary. if you think about it it has a simularity to slender- you are trying to find a series of objects before something get's you.
76561198016945451,Recommended,223510,3070099,"Posted: 11 March, 2013",all,Shittles,"Was hesitant at first since it was a Greenlight game, but for the right price (on sale) it does make it worth the few bucks. Completely different game and was not expecting to get so immersed in it. If anything, I do encourage to give a try, it deserves it that's for sure!"
,Recommended,223510,9919614,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,adrianmarshall167,"Miasmata is a game that redefines what you might picture as a game. It's almost not a game, in some ways; the punishing sicknesses you can get wandering around the island, the analysis of different flora to cure the aforementioned afflictions, and the use of your surroundings and triangulation to determine your position on the map...all of these things are something a person would do in the given circumstances. As a huge fan of first person games, I really enjoy the fact that the arms and hands are put to realistic use as well, and how immersive and well thought out the environment is. It surprises me still to imagine two people working on something of this scope. It has its little quirks, and some of the kinks in the fabric haven't quite been worked out just yet, but if you're looking for something that isn't your run of the mill first person shooter or puzzler, this game is definitely worth checking out."
,Recommended,223510,4289219,"Posted: 4 December, 2012",all,Festmache,"Playing Miasmata felt like an amazing adventure, so immersive that I couldn't think about much else until I finished it. Absolutely one of the best single-player gaming experiences I've ever had."
,Recommended,223510,9820207,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Ponzi,An atmospheric game of exploration and survival.
76561198127574525,Recommended,223510,9776780,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,SplitPea,"I just finished this....what an incredible game. Its not something I found stressful to play, there is no hurry 'win' as such. It was all about the journey, absolutely facinating HIGHLY RECOMMEND to anyone!"
,Recommended,223510,6480427,"Posted: 14 June, 2013",all,chrissiOnAir,ein tolles Spiel .. nuff said :)
,Recommended,223510,2378019,"Posted: 11 March, 2013",all,Tomfoolery,You are terminally ill trapped in a jungle with an invulnerable predator. Your wit and your resourcefulness are your only defense.
76561198025028631,Recommended,223510,21430247,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Hoarse John,Good
,Recommended,223510,1457707,"Posted: 8 March, 2013",all,Yanahma,"An interesting game, atmospheric... but clunky. Flawed but brilliant at every turn. Certainly won't be to everyones taste, but if the pictures and description interest you, definitely give it a go."
76561198038377225,Recommended,223510,7554095,"Posted: 2 November, 2013",all,Toastering,"This game is fantastic, but if you want to know more, I posted my full thoughts about it on reddit in the link below.http://www.reddit.com/r/Games/comments/1pr9v0/weekly_rgames_discussion_what_have_you_been/cd5fxpl"
,Recommended,223510,2252961,"Posted: 10 January, 2013",all,[GND] Jester,"Very atmospheric, unique, and challenging game of survival.  A one of a kind."
,Recommended,223510,1826116,"Posted: 9 March, 2013",all,Blackcat,"New Adventure game i never seen beforeTry to survival and explore more about this mystery islandDiscover a cure for mystery diseaseThe sound effect is truly awesome,footsteps,water,wind,forest surrounding feelingListen to insects and birds,sun light,weird statue(but useful identify your position)In the night...deep dark and dead silence aroundSave system is fun! you can light the candle or kerosene lamp to save your progressAnd remember one thing ""Don't go too fast"""
,Recommended,223510,7425705,"Posted: 19 October, 2013",all,Hermann Hetzer,beautiful new approach to the survival genre
,Recommended,223510,5204786,"Posted: 8 March, 2013",all,RubberPunch,"One of the most immersive games I've ever played. The custom made engine is excellent at making it feel like having a body in an environment that resist your efforts. Other games involving exploration will often feel like you're a floating camera suspended in air. Miasmata is a body simulation done in subtle ways, and even thou the story and the gameplay elements may lack in depth, it's worth it for this unique experience."
76561198047576583,Recommended,223510,7758865,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Matariki,"This game has allot of potential, and I thoroughly enjoyed it. Although I felt that It could of done with more tweaking, this game is a valiant effort by the small team of two brothers who developed it from the ground up. This game deserves a sequel, its that good.If you love action/adventure/survival games, then this is the game for you."
,Recommended,223510,1021053,"Posted: 22 February, 2013",all,Tayrtahn,"Absolutely the best sense of exploration I've ever seen in a game. The cartography mechanic is genius; mapping the island feels like a real accomplishment. The momentum-driven player physics and plague effects make survival a real challenge and force you to learn from your mistakes and move carefully around steep slopes. The creature is genuinely frightening and had me running for my life many times. Miasmata is an incredibly immersive experience, and a great example of how indie games can take the risk of doing something completely different and succeed."
,Recommended,223510,16996270,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,spaneika,"Only for the most patient of gamers, since this is sort of like an Elder Scrolls game with no NPCs, 2 quests, and you can only do alchemy...  Definitely intriguing however and stubborn curiosity made me see it to the end.  3/5 botany."
76561198207201001,Recommended,223510,17077652,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,cecelia12358,"Miasmata seems to start out with its splash screen but the most I get after that until the game starts is blurry images of leaves or trees. Then everything goes black. I wish I could play this game it looks excitingly peaceful, but I just couldn't play the game."
,Recommended,223510,16739318,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,nevik92,"I'd recommend Miasmata especially to players who like exploration, don't need a constant objective solving and like something new.You start off stranded on an island, infected with the plaque and in search of the cure for the plaque. Luckily you are on an island on which the cure for the plaque was researched.As sick as you are your bodies’ condition isn't good at all. You can't run very far without getting out of breath, swimming is beyond question and falling down a hill becomes a regular thing. After a while (or after falling down) your condition gets even worse and you start having fever. But fortunately there is plenty of plants and herbs that can be manufactured to a temporary medicament against the fever.Besides the fever medicament you may also make temporary as well as permanent body enhancement medicaments, which allow you to run faster, to run a greater distance and even to swim.Recipes for the different meds just as parts of the story behind the research team are found all over the island on certain campsites.As you progress through the island searching for the cure you can't miss the beast, a creature which sole purpose it is to obstruct you. As soon as it hits you your fever worsens and after the second hit you lose you consciousness. There are several possibilities to escape from the beast and you have to escape from it not being able to harm or even killing it.Another major part of the game is to triangulate your position and map the island. Without triangulating it is very hard to find your way to different parts of the island so triangulate as often as possible. If you can't find any known landmark and need to know where you are, you can drink a tonic you are able to mix to get temporary the ability to know where you are on the map.By finishing the game you might get behind the story of the island, the research team and yourself.Regarding the graphics:It isn't the best looking game BUT the weather and the different times of day are excellent conveyed. You always get really the feeling that it is as late as it is. (For example 10 pm is very different to 10 am and sunny weather is very different to a storm)."
,Recommended,223510,17430947,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Ap2000,"One of the most underrated games to come out in the past few years.If you love exploring in games, or cartography/hiking in real life, this is your game."
,Recommended,223510,9232262,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,getysburg,"Literally one of the most immersive games ever, walking round an abandoned island drawing it on a map and collecting plants, EPIC"
76561197971948752,Recommended,223510,545590,"Posted: 29 September, 2013",all,Sniper4,"Probably one of the best games I've played so far this year.  It's strong in both its exploration and horror elements.Exploration involves triangulating your position with respect to known landmarks, which is much more realistic than simply revealing the map as you travel.  In Miasmata, you make the map as you triangulate!The horror elements in the game involve The Creature.  I won't give too much about him away, though, since I don't want to spoil it."
76561197970338995,Recommended,223510,18496506,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Little Niblet,"IThe player starts out as some sick scientist who needs to peice together plants to find the cure to his disease. The backstory to why this happened is absolutely stupid, but the game does a fantastic job of making you feel like a sick, invalid sack of meat stumbling around a map looking for anything to make you feel better.As you progress, the player discovers he's not alone on the island, but is being stalked by some ugly♥♥♥♥♥creature who tracks the player around the map and shows up randomly to make everything difficult.It's some cross between exploration, and survival horror. There's beauty in it, but also frustration and fear. It's one of the only games I know of where there is a real sense of being 'lost' and having to find your bearings. There's also a fantastic sense of accomplishment when you escape that monster and find a safe place to spend the night. At the end of the game I gave a big middle finger to the island. but had some great memories."
,Recommended,223510,720754,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,ac19189,I remember seeing this game trying to be voted in from green light and I was hooked the first time I saw it so when I saw this game was released I jumped all over it. I had to have this game and it was super fun playing it I have no regrets but man this game can make you really jump at times even more so when the monster comes to get you. I just wish you had a way of turning him off so you could just play the story line without all that monster drama I personally do not care for games that are jump scare related but this game is still worth it even if it does that.Just make sure you dont have a heart attack at your screen while playing this it would suck to get game over twice in one night back to back if you know what I mean. :)
76561197966482898,Not Recommended,223510,16802095,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Nuclear Nelson,"The most idiotic controls I have ever seen.  Imagine a first person game where your character can't climb the gentlest of slopes without slowing to a crawl, gets accelerated like a torpedo going downhill, can only run directly forwards and not side to side or backwards, and slides on wet-sand into water like he's on a damn ice skating rink.  The lack of intuitive controls completely breaks immersion in this game that is heavily dependent on role-playing.  A worthy effort by these two developers, but ultimately lacking content and has a few poor design choices."
,Recommended,223510,16693976,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Titus Groan,"I'd been thinking about getting this game for some time, after seeing it on Steam and being intrigued by the concept of survival, exploaration and tension. There are so many elements to this game: exploration (including cartography), research (plants and fungi can be examined and synthesised to create medicines, enhancements and a cure) and survival (against the island itself and the creature that inhabits it. It's hard to believe that two brothers created a game so interesting and well-executed. I'm enjoying it very much. On a personal note: Thank you to the Johnson brothers for allowing me to choose my own key bindings. Something that many larger developers ignore (H1Z1 and Miscreated being good examples). Highly recommended."
76561198010900717,Recommended,223510,17877036,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Xhunkfish,"Hated it a first. Came back and it grew on me. Wander a massive island looking for a multitude of medicinal herbs, all while avoiding ""the creature"". Super fun, if you give it time."
,Recommended,223510,16640206,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,BattleBaby,"Really enjoyed it. Loved the map system, and the whole survival game play. A pleasure to play.on a technical level I hope they've fixed the popping textures, as high resolution to low resolution textures pop into place far to close to the player and is very distracting to an anotherwise fun game."
76561197994756769,Recommended,223510,13436964,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Composer LOST,"Miasmata is a fun and interesting game, but not without its flaws.Pros:-Disease survival aspect is done fairly well-World is beautiful and huge-Day/night cycles are realistic-Variety of interesting plants to find-Walking/gravity effect is also very realistic and makes the game more immersive (there's a real fear of momentum throwing you off a cliff instead of being able to magically stop at the last second.)Cons:-The ""Creature"" is a huge pain, and not in a good way. It feels broken most of the time and out of place.-No food is necessary, which takes away from the survival aspect a bit-A lot of the achievements are glitchy (search on the forums for the 3rd party fix before you start playing)In summary:If you're willing to put up with the annoyance of the Creature, it's worth picking up for people who like adventure/exploration and survival games."
,Not Recommended,223510,16812259,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,yellodarts,"As pretty as it looks, Miasmata is literally un-playable because the walking mechanics are non-existent. The developers clearly tried to go for a realistic feel - your movement changes based on incline grades, your status, etc. - but unfortunately they forgot to sacrifice enough realism to play the game. Half the time your character walks like a penguin with polio, and as nice as it would be to take a slow waddle through the woods there's no place for that in the beginning of a survival game. While a bit of back-tracking is expected in this genre I found it too awkward to waddle from my home base to wherever I was headed again and again...not to mention only being able to hold one thing at a time, ignoring the pretty, well-designed map they gave you because everything's so close together...I could go on. If nothing else this teaches us to go back to basics and make things work before you make them pretty. (Like girlfriends. Or lawnmowers. Or ♥♥♥♥ing videogames.)"
76561197993183211,Recommended,223510,1427802,"Posted: 29 December, 2012",all,Chronicles,awseome wilderness survival
76561198079047163,Recommended,223510,6905616,"Posted: 8 September, 2013",all,pugnose,This game deserves a much higher score than 76.  I love this game.
,Recommended,223510,16915190,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Radowid to dziewicza młodość,Falling Simulator 2012
76561198067078955,Recommended,223510,17486746,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Aknar,"Truely innovative game mechanics:- Triangulating to map island (mapping doesn't do itself as in other games)- climbing and character momentum/sliding (adds a lot of immersion and easier to lose yourself while exploring)- complex animal behaviorI find that momentum and sliding wasn't tweaked right and you'll find yourself falling down a cliff rather often but it can be modded to fix this issue.Main problem of this game: LAG. Game made by indie devellopers making there own game engine so poorly optimized. You have to have a strong rig and even with that, you won't play the game on best graphic options.In the end, this game is really innovative and other games should take exemple of it. It feels like with more funding, it could have brought even more to the table. Devellopers are working on a new game and i'm excited to see what innovative gameplay they come up with."
76561197972436745,Recommended,223510,17151328,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,HollywoodGarage,"I'm playing Alien Isolation right now, and I keep remembering this game which I finished when it came out two or three years ago. I can't believe that two brothers made it. I remember the sound you make when you walk on rocks, the way the sun goes down, the beast which truly scared the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of me although I must say I only saw two or three times total. I remember my last swim and the way I did not want the game to end cause I knew I would never play something like that ever again. I don't understand what's so special about this game. The story doesn't make you care one bit about the character because in all honesty there is no character, it's just you, the island, its flowers and the beast. It's perfect and I mean it although I can't explain why. It all fits"
,Recommended,223510,17135884,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,RabidTreeMonkey,"Miasmata is a fantastic game that is wonderfully differentiated from rest of the survival genre. Everything about this game is presented simply, yet contains a hidden amount of depth.  Note that this is an exploration gamefirst, and the ""survival"" aspects are kept to a minimum so you can focus on discovering new terrain. That's not to say you won't have tense moments as you try to stay alive, just that you likely won't be bored by metagamey tasks that slow down the pace.The obscenely simple controls make this an easy game for anyone to enjoy, while the mesh of mechanics and environment provide unexpected nuance. Setting off on your mission, the fugly looking graphics quickly become less bothersome and the task at hand becomes paramount and enjoyable. As a spoiler-free tip, movement in this game has a strong sense of momentum, much more than most fps games. Keep this in mind and get used to holding down the back/reverse key to slow yourself, lest your sprint down a trail turn into a tumble.The well-told story isn't bogged down with gobs of dialogue, and is instead presented in a subtle manner via the environment. Much like Dark Souls/Bloodborne, this gives great weight to in-game accomplishments and creates a strong sense of emotional connection.Lastly,anyone who struggles with reading maps or has a poor sense of direction should DEFINITELY check out this game.It'll up your real-world confidence and skill in short order.That a game of this quality was created by two people is a heckuva feat, and I eagerly look forward to their next creation."
,Recommended,223510,13637126,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,microfloppy,"NOTE: For review with screenshots, please visithttp://microfloppy.net/2014/07/13/miasmata/Miasmata is a minimalistic survival game where you play the researcher Robert Hughes. You're cast away on an island, suffering from some kind of plague, and your aim is to find a cure as soon as possible. Luckily, there has already been some kind of a research team on the island but something has happened to them...I will start by saying that Miasmata is terribly beautiful. The graphics isn't always perfect but all in all the environments are amazing. I am incredibly impressed by the two brothers who made this game and the game engine on which it runs. Miasmata is immersive; My first night playing I couldn't stop until four in the morning, when I reluctantly realized it was getting light outside.To find a cure for your plague you have to find and research the plants and fungi on the island. It sounds trivial, but in Miasmata there is noone to hold your hand. You have to make progress using the notebooks you find from the earlier research team and on your own findings. The game is completely open world and you have no checkpoints or route to follow.There is also no automatic map. Instead, you draw your map using triangulation. Two known landmarks give you your position on the map and is what you use to update your map. Other than that you have to use your compass and your memory. (Orienteerers probably have an advantage!)You have no classic menus or inventory, instead you check your log book where all your notes and research is saved. You can also check on how you are feeling and take drugs for fever or other conditions.These three elements: Open world, the map system, and the log book creates a massively immersive feeling. Every menu, note or inventory has a ""real"" representation in the game.Other than that Miasmata is a creepy game which gave me some big adrenaline rushes. Instead of jumpscares, Miasmata provides the unnerving feeling of always being followed (and the panic of being discovered). Nature is also an enemy: Climbing mountains isn't easy and if you run too fast down a slope you will fall. Hopefully you know where you are when you are back in control, but in worst case you are lost and have to start looking for known landmarks again.On the negative side: I have to admit I was on several occations frustrated and annoyed when my assiduous exploration was interrupted. (By what, I will not mention...) I actually even rage quitted several times (but only to start it again after a minutes). At the same time, this is part of what is charming with the game and what creates intensity.There are also some small bugs, but nothing that can't be easily solved.A final warning to those who want to be able to close down a game quickly: You can save only at given save points. They are many and spread widely, but it can be good to know if you are the kind of gamer that have to be able to close down with just some seconds notice.7/10 petals"
,Recommended,223510,8322529,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Urthman,"I loved this game.  It's a first-person exploration / adventure game.  But instead of puzzles, there is a nifty mapping mechanic based on triangulation and finding landmarks and a search for plants that you can study and use to synthesize the medicines you need to survive.This game doesn't hold your hand and lead you through the plot.  There are no cut-scenes and no lousy voice-acting.  You have to piece the story together for yourself and decide where to go and what to do based on what you find as you explore the island.  And you can explore in pretty much any direction and any order you like.This is not your typical video-game power fantasy.  You start out as a character who is sick, can't swim, has trouble even walking around, and is in danger of tumbling down a steep incline and triggering a debilitating fever.  But the progression from sickness to health felt more empowering than the typical game that takes you from warrior to demigod.The graphics are not state-of-the-art.  This was made by a two-man team.  But the island is still a beautiful and interesting place to explore and the weather and time of day make a real difference in what you see and what you can do.  It feels like a real place that remains vivid in my mind months later."
,Recommended,223510,2678156,"Posted: 3 April, 2013",all,Codeine Courage,Falling over every 15 seconds and collecting rocks has never been so beautifully immersive!
,Recommended,223510,5878588,"Posted: 9 January, 2013",all,Crimson the Avali,"I think that this game deserves a lot more attention.I found it a very fun game to play but it all depends on the type of games that you like to play.It has some bugs, but they are looking to patch as much as possible.This game was made by 2 brothers!Do some research on this game to see if it is your thing."
76561197988464092,Recommended,223510,15717992,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,unguided,"About 10-12 hours long, and made by two people with a scratchbuilt engine, It is tough at first, there's no hand-holding and there are challenging mechanics to master. I highly recommend you play it and rate it amongst my favourite games."
76561198052299828,Recommended,223510,14976255,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Rtzbn,"In my Opinion, Miasmata is a really realistic survival game. The Controls are sometimes pretty annoying, but the Atmosphere und the Island itself are just great!Im enjoying every single second of it!"
76561198017387453,Recommended,223510,15471165,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,K-Townian,Loved this game. The graphics are amazing. A game that is not too hard but has enough to keep your interest.
76561198076526528,Recommended,223510,15699326,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,EVIL_MEMNOCH,10/10 on all levelsbuy this game
76561198115701400,Recommended,223510,15783542,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,mokifinoki,"I just finished playing over 30 leisurely hours of gameplay on Miasmata. I LOVE this kind of game and got completely lost in this world. The only help I needed was on orienteering and some ways to get rid of the creature.  The graphics were beautiful , especially on my new Alienware computer :) The ending was awesome and I miss the islands already. Thank you and more, more, more!!!!"
76561198039108757,Not Recommended,223510,13827477,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Captin,"I really wanted this to be a great survival game that gets away from the meticulous crafting or cheap scares category that's been overdone in so many other games. This fell short, sadly. I felt like I was nothing more than a pill pusher, with the survival bit consisting entirely of not dying slowly from what we hope is some non-communicable disease.I had no problems with the environment in this game or especially how it was presented. The atmosphere itself was outstanding, beautiful during the day and eerie at night. Sound and ambiance both were fantastic as well. Mapping and discovery on the island was actually pretty smart.The problems start when you first starting moving around.....(jello-ing around?). Your character walks quite realistically, tripping and not immediately changing direction. It's neat for about 5 whole minutes, funny for the first few rolls down a hill/cliff, and then you just want it to stop. Then you survive. Pick some flowers and moss then run back to a shed to science it up, you got some pills...repeat. Lastly the demon creature that's on the island failed to meet the hype for me. I ran across it, actually chased after it for whatever reason, and nothing happened....sigh."
76561198099660674,Recommended,223510,13728264,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,sandi,"I would recommend this game but with some reservations. I am enjoying the problem solving aspect of the game very much. I am close to finishing and can't stop playing. The game is pretty monotonous, though. You do the same thing over and over, but I don't really mind that. I like to alternate between high action games and more low-key discovery/problem solving games. So, in that sense it's a winner. If you like high action, this is not your game. There is a bad glitch I keep encountering more and more. Ocassionally the character freezes up and won't turn right or left. If you haven't saved for a while (which you can only do at certain locations), then you are screwed - you have to restart the game and you lose all of your progress."
,Recommended,223510,1342634,"Posted: 14 September, 2013",all,⌘Ørtona43␘,"I am a big fan of Action and Adventure games and here you get both in one.....what appeals to me in the game is that it has such great looking scenery and the shades of color are fantastic, so if you like to wonder around and search for stuff, this game could be for you!"
,Recommended,223510,3247874,"Posted: 13 July, 2013",all,Haku,"This game puts you on an Island by yourself where you must survive by creating medicines with different herbs. These increase your strength, endurance, awareness, and mental/physical health. While you survive you must also make sure you stay well hydrated and avoid ""The Creature"". Your goal is to create the cure to Plague with different herbs. Its really fun and i recommmend."
76561198025537785,Recommended,223510,15874394,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Sweet Tits,"Probably the best survival exploration games to date. Open without feeling objectiveless, challenging without being irritating.Highly recommend."
,Recommended,223510,15879658,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Poohshoes,The scare isn't great but this is a great exploration game with some fun pathfinding and map mechanics.Probably one of the most underrated games.
76561198127832826,Recommended,223510,14434462,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Hydra238,"I really enjoyed this game, it took me 18 hours to make the cure and I am even somewhat sad that this journey is nearly over and I rarely get such a feeling when I finished a video game. In any case the game is a unique experience AND a niche game, so its not for everyone plus it has its faults (clipping issues, mapping can be tedious especially in the beginning and some objects like tends just vanish if they are farther away but can still be used as a point for triangulation if you know where they are, some graphics and textures don't look like they belong in because the rest of the environment is so well made and looks really beautiful) but those are only minor issues and didn't spoil my enjoyment in any serious way.Miasmata lives from its immersive atmosphere when I came home from a trip I made my medicine, studied my journal and map and planed the next tour for tomorrow before I sat down on the edge off a cliff and watched the sunset or the cloudburst over the sea and just enjoyed the world around me.The game for me like for some others was a ""slow starter"", I didn't really like the first 1-2 hours very much, maybe because I already knew the beginning from lets plays or because I felt so lost without clear cut instructions other than to make the cure and no way to tell were the ♥♥♥♥ I am right now, but as time flew by and I made progress I got slowly sucked into the world of Miasmata. Music plays sparingly but its very soothing and fitting in such situations when you just barely escaped the creature and reached a new safe haven or watch the sun go down from your shack before taking some well earned rest.The creature while not particularly smart or scary looking definitely gave me some memorable moments and is really the last thing you want to bump into when you spend your last 15 min mapping and trying to reach an outpost before night sets in. One day I ventured out found two new plants, got a lot of mapping done and forgot about the time so I didn't make it back to my base before nightfall. I got tired of waiting and my water was running out so I decided I will just try to slowly stumble forward through the darkness when suddenly I hear my heart beat. I turned around running as fast as I can before falling down a ridge landing in some bushes. Instinctively I ducked down and in the next moment the silhouette of the creature appeared on the ridge of the hill wandering around before running off.Needless to say I spend the rest of the night cowering in fetal position under my bush praying that Milo doesn't come back. I lost my plants but I survived that night, without water and a fever I dragged myself to a near outpost in the next morning and from that moment on I made sure to always make it home in time. Thats just one example, I had a few more thrilling moments but I will keep those to myself. And just to give you an idea I met the beast around 10-15 times in my 18h of playtime and that was just the right amount to keep it somewhat special.After playing it 76/100 as a neutral rating seems about right when you consider all the minor flaws it has and that it could have been even better with a bit more polish, but my personal rating would be closer to a 90/100 and I would definitely buy it again even at full price."
,Recommended,223510,4431711,"Posted: 22 January, 2013",all,SPACEFLY3D,"Pretty cool if you like to run around the woods, lost, for hours in the dark."
,Recommended,223510,2774886,"Posted: 7 January, 2013",all,StonedMagician,"Pretty much the anti-Far Cry 3. Not much combat, just survival. And it's awesome."
76561197979110377,Recommended,223510,13679783,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,HectorVivis,"One of the best game I ever played, but probably not for everyone.This game is terribly ""hard"", yet so immersive.Because you will find youself lost as soon as you will wander without pinpointing your position, searching this one plant you hope will releave the pain.Because you will fall, crippled by the plague you have to treat, that make you slide on every surface.Because you will feel alone, surrounded only by the deep forest and the whisper of the wind.Because you are not alone, and you will fear for your life, and your sanity.You will experience a new kind of atmosphere, have adrenaline rushes, and feel the fear. Not because of some petty tricks to surprise you, but because you will find yourself hunted, while you are so terribly vulnerable and alone, as a sick man without a proper weapon, who can only run.If you're into survival, this is your game.Two advice: -Read the cartography manual you'll find ingame. If you don't grasp that mechanic, you won't manage to do it, nor apreciate the game.-Think of it as a real adventure. I myself wrote some notes about how I felt during my ""trip"", because the atmosphere was so intense. I get lost once for a several hours, after I tried to run away from ""it"". It was one of the very few ""total immersion"" I ever had in a game."
,Recommended,223510,14484781,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Viporion,Miasmata is an amazing game.True there are a few immersion breakers.By placing a thick piece of the plant and placing it in the microscope you get to know everything and the fact that you don't need any food.Yet overall the game is pretty real.Want to know where you are? Look at your map and find landmarks.Want to get to the other side of the island? Better start walking.The game seems to summon ragequits and screams of anquish.Yet it also digs it's claws deep under your skin and it will pull you back every time.
,Recommended,223510,14494120,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,The Bear of Bad News,Boy Scout simulator. Angry bears and all.10/10. Would fight bear with rock again.
76561198031327741,Recommended,223510,4050721,"Posted: 4 April, 2013",all,Akisame Cloud,Nearly perfect!
76561198043580509,Recommended,223510,4941987,"Posted: 26 December, 2012",all,[DT] Volt180,Great survival adventure game
76561198045942581,Recommended,223510,5172892,"Posted: 14 April, 2013",all,Sgt.Puppy,"Miasmata is a First-Person Survival Game with a strong focus on discovery and exploration.You are a criminal (forgot the name, sorry about that), who gets banished on an island. You also are sick and have to find different plants and fungi to create a cure and then escape the island. But you are not alone. A creature follows you across the island and tries to kill you. Will you survive to find a cure ?Miasmata has the same combat mechanics as popular horror-games like Amnesia and Outlast. There are none. The only thing you can do during creature encounters is run and hide, which creates a tension and you sometimes almost go mental, because the creature is pretty deadly and hard to escape from. But honestly, I am a bit disappointed by the creatures AI and the spawning points. Sometimes you run away from the beast, just to encounter it a couple hundred meters further again, this time infront of you. Or one time it spawned on a small island at the beach and was unable to swim, so it could just look at it without any danger. I would not call such cases bugs, but they brake the illusion of a superior enemy and quickly show the mechanics behind it.Still, the fact, that creature encounters are quite rare at times and your hearth starts to beat, when the creature is near, builds tention and you got a good chance to escape.But 98 % there is gameplay without fleeing from the creature. In this time you have to find plants with which you can create different kinds of medicines. With those, you can cure injuries (which can kill you after some time), can boost your stamina, strench, perception and ultimately cure your illness, which makes you a pretty weak human being. Without any boosts of medicine, your swimming and sprintingrange are very limited and noticing your worst enemy is up to you. But collecting and finding plants to create medicine is necessary and ultimately the goal of the game.Finding very specific plants for specific cures can be very difficulte. The main problem besides surviving is orientation. You have to draw your own map through triangulation. You do this with markpoint, represented through statues, buildings, ruins, and pillars, which you find scattered over the map. Whenever you can see two such points, you draw your surroundings. This can be pretty difficulte and forgetting to draw your map can get you lost pretty quickly. The fact, that you do not see your position on the map without boosting your perception, makes it even more difficulte.From time to time, you find mappieces in huts, which sometimes show you the location on your map, sometimes just hint at it. Finding specific plants can be really annoying, but also rewarding, when you finally get your piece of the cure or another boost to run faster or longer.Graphicaly, the game is mediocre at best, aiming at a realistic graphic style. But honestly, it never bothered me, the landscape looks nice, little bunnies run away from you, butterflies and birds fly around, you hear the wind blowing. Everything is very athmospheric and the graphics fit. There are games out there with way better graphics, but look also way ugglier.Verdict: Miasmata is a very athmospheric survival game. It builds a feeling of loneliness, in a cheerfull world, while being hunted by a fearsome creature. The survival aspects could be done better and finding plants can be ridiculous and getting lost is daily business. But despite these flaws, Miasmata is a solid game, which deserves your playtime."
,Recommended,223510,407592,"Posted: 26 May, 2013",all,nicknicknicknick,It's unoptimised and buggy and a third of the achivements don't work and the creature AI is kind of the worst and the game is fantastic.
,Recommended,223510,4793821,"Posted: 1 December, 2012",all,LSx,this game is hard .. and odd... in many ways... but holy ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥. is it so amazing i cant stop playing it
,Recommended,223510,7870088,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Captain Hawk,"This game is great. Very tense and atmospheric, but performance is a little strange and can fluctuate on mid-level machines."
76561197970329460,Recommended,223510,394084,"Posted: 18 May, 2013",all,Aeneas2020,"Haven't had a chance to sink much time into this one but what little i have played has me convinced. This is an excellent and unusal game in every way. It isn't the best looking game but for the price it shouldn't be ignored. The only thing i found annoying was the ""sick"" protagonist element which is the main driving factor behind the game. If only they could have made this in cryengine 3 (clearly they couldn't) and with plain survival as a core mechanic it would have been perfect!"
,Recommended,223510,7823017,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,RestlichGeist,"Immersive, original and atmospheric."
76561198021304152,Recommended,223510,3352490,"Posted: 8 March, 2013",all,flameskitten,"Fun, and brilliant... but the system resource draw makes skyrim look like a NES game! XD"
76561197972936719,Recommended,223510,8061202,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Ian Stone,"Very immersive first person perspective.Exploration with strong survival elements, but not constant resource gathering/management.Great story, game mechanics, and atmosphere.Mood varies from curious exploration, to light tension, all the way to pure terror.Graphics and sound aren't top notch, but sufficient and well-suited to the game and story.Many say it requires a beast of a machine, I have one, so can't really comment on that.  I7 8 core black edition with nvidia 680 classified.  It runs great for me on max settings, with the occasional resource loading pause."
,Recommended,223510,183451,"Posted: 15 March, 2013",all,Mr Ru,"A truly freeform horror game, where using your map and landmarks can mean the difference between finding a safe shelter for the night or wandering a forest in the pitch dark."
76561197976721810,Recommended,223510,727936,"Posted: 12 December, 2012",all,Fred Lobster,"This is easily the greatest Hiking-While-Exhausted simulator ever designed.Apart from that, Miasmata is an excellent example of using atmosphere and a player's natural instinct to explore to replace convoluted gameplay mechanics or excessive scripting. The game can be boiled down to the following: explore the island, collect the plants, construct a map, and create the medicine you need to live. The storyline that accompanies it is novel enough, if very simple, and the gameplay mechanics that start off feeling slap-dash quickly become immersive; if you've ever had a serious flu or fever, you empathize with your clumsy, plague-ridden hero immediately.I wouldn't say this is a game for everyone, as it's definitely slow-paced and artsy, but for anyone in the mood for a beautifully crafted 3D wanderer (I'm tempted to consider it a Metroidvania-type, but that's just too much of a stretch), then definitely consider shelling out a few bucks and helping a pair of indie programming brothers afford to make more excellent weirdness."
,Recommended,223510,6531414,"Posted: 14 June, 2013",all,BrokenNova54,"Miasmata was made by two brothers. This game is about an island which you are stuck on...due to the fact that your people banished you. Your boat crashes on this island and you find out that a people once lived here. They are all dead now, and recently. You are sick...sick to the point of death within hours. Using plants all across the island, you must make medicines to keep you alive, make body enhancers, and most importantly, make the cure for your sickness. Using notes of the previous people, you have to learn what medicine a plant can make. Watch out for hazards, such as falling to your death, drowning, dehydration, fever, and the Monster, which will kill you on sight. The monster isn't really scary at all, but that doesn't mean it isn't dangerous."
,Recommended,223510,2757271,"Posted: 31 January, 2013",all,Qwallath,"Miasmata is all about Eden, a beautiful island filled with plants and animals, and the setting for an exciting quest for the cure to a horrifying disease. You get to see beautiful sights (animals, plants, fungi), but you'll also need them to make medicines and tonics to survive, as well as the big cure that marks the main goal of the game. You'll need to observe your surroundings to keep track of where you are, using the game's inbuilt triangulation system to make your own map of the island. There's little violence in the game, but it's thrilling nonetheless. Just difficult enough to be challenging, and very beautiful. Eden truly comes alive."
,Recommended,223510,8203073,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Silver Nova,"It's really fun and sets up a great atmosphere, but the game's framerate sometimes drops to the point where the game is unplayable. Still, when it's working it fun."
,Recommended,223510,1761258,"Posted: 14 March, 2013",all,ShiggedyShwa,"A very immersive game, with a focus on survival and exploration. Your time will be spent hiking through dense jungle, over ancient ruins and across rocky shores while researching various flowering plants and fungi to manufacture a cure for a debilitating plague which is slowly killing you.  This game features a unique mapping system which allows you to chart your location based on landmarks that you've identified which I think is fantastic, and the UI is very minimal, allowing you to focus more on your surroundings than on numbers and gauges. Meanwhile, the mystery of what happened to the other researchers on the island is there to confound you, and beware, for you are being hunted."
,Recommended,223510,4801060,"Posted: 17 December, 2012",all,Araganor,"You play the role of a plague-stricken scientist stranded on an island, with the goal of creating a cure to your deadly disease. You must research the local plantlife to create a cure, all the while avoiding a predator with the ability to track you on the island. Good atmosphere, average graphic quality, but fun nonetheless."
,Recommended,223510,5677604,"Posted: 12 March, 2013",all,Spaghett,"This game is one of the most intriguing and interesting games I have ever played. The entire storyline opens how you choose, as the entire island is yours to explore. The triangulation system the game uses is absolutely genius and is a great addition to the game. Overall, the game looks nice, but there are a few things that look out of place, like blood and some shadows. Also, there are a few technical glitches here and there that can detract from the immersiveness of the game. I like to think I have a decent computer, as it runs both most games very smoothly, yet this game runs like♥♥♥♥♥♥sometimes. The game feels a bit rushed as well, as you have a knife that doesn't kill anything and animals that run around that you can't eat. Despite the technical issues and some missing features, I really like this game.Also, the giant panthers are very friendly and love to play fetch."
76561198059420416,Recommended,223510,6119761,"Posted: 3 January, 2013",all,Snoblind,"The scenery in this game is just so beutiful and the gameplay itself is really good too, the fact that this game was made by just two people just amases me... the only thing i have to complain about is the only enemy's A.I. breaking, but thats not a big problem cause it doesnt happen alot. out of everything, five stars. :)"
,Recommended,223510,1294553,"Posted: 11 April, 2013",all,Lšs,It's really well done for what it is. More people should buy it!
76561198006668599,Recommended,223510,2389193,"Posted: 13 June, 2013",all,tarzanello the butt doctor,This game consists mostly of exploring an island and gathering plants while your character is weak as a kitten but it's pretty great.  The amount of work put into it is very admirable considering the dev team consisted of only 2 guys.
,Recommended,223510,288984,"Posted: 6 July, 2013",all,<M.o.K>Samurai Jack-ing Off,"Miasmata is one of the most beautiful and creative games I've ever played.The painstaking detail with which the island was constructed is just amazing. The biomes actually look and feel real, with appropriate vegetation per terrain type and cover.The game itself is a meditative experience that favors careful exploration and charting.This is an outstanding accomplishment for a team of just two, and I look forward to further games from IonFX."
,Recommended,223510,1909184,"Posted: 13 March, 2013",all,[V13]Dizazter,"Miasmata is an exploration, survival, horror game. (In that order of significance) If you enjoy getting lost in Minecraft and finding your way back to your known area, you'll enjoy this game. I'd say its a mix of Minecraft exploration (without dynamic environments or mining, but some crafting), the ""LOST"" like island mystery, and some Dear Esther visuals and minimal action gameplay.  It also has some Myst elements to it, without the awkward puzzles. There is a cartography element where you need to reference two familiar landmarks (statues etc) to locate yourself and surrounding on the map, and do this with a 3rd new landmark from two different locations to make the new landmark a familiar one. There is a threat on the island, but its hasnt been a big issue for me yet. But my big gripe is the physics of slopes, basically your character struggles to climb even a 5 degree slope, and you can easily fall. Basically it feels like you're wearing roller skates in the wilderness. Also, you have a sickness that constantly requires medicine, so going in water and falling, makes you get sick a lot faster. Good mechanic I guess to keep people from just swiming everywhere. There are also a lot of impassible terrain to get around. So if you're into exploration and mystery, this might be a game for you. But not so much there on the action end, but there are some good survival elements, which can be intense, as you race to make more medicine to survive. One bummer is you only get 1 save slot per game. But all round its something different and fun for those into exploration."
,Recommended,223510,3641365,"Posted: 17 March, 2013",all,Vanyalosswen,"Back when Myst first came out, there was a Fox Trot cartoon in which Jason hacked up a version of Myst that was exactly the same as the original, except that velociraptors were chasing the player. That's a pretty good description of Miasmata.Exploration is the driving mechanic of the game, and in this respect, the island of Eden is a paradise. Every part of the island is unique, with hills, rivers, swamps, ancient ruins, and dense foliage of many kinds. The lighting and water effects are very impressive. At the same time, Eden's beauty is tempered by its dangers. Fatigue, sickness, and the terror of being stalked are conveyed in an organic and immersive fashion, which makes them all the scarier.Miasmata is a beautiful sandbox experience. I also found it very frightening, at times. Perhaps not everyone will find it as scary as I did, but anyone who loves exploring will find it very engaging."
,Not Recommended,223510,20266655,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Rabaal,"Two hours, inumerable crashes. It's like this game doesn't want to be played."
,Not Recommended,223510,20361355,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Synthesis,"Also known as Map Making Simulator 2015. Does this game get fun eventually? All I seem to be doing is walking (ice skating?) for miles into the wilderness, getting lost in said wilderness because I can't seem to get the mapping system to work at all, falling off of some cliffs that I was nowhere near in the first place, tripping over on flat ground, finding a plant, and repeating the process over the several mile trek back to the campsite. I don't even need to hunt to hunt or anything that adds any vague interest to the trips, just lots and lots of walking, and lots and lots of falling over. I paid £12 for this."
,Recommended,223510,20423407,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Argus,"Love the world, I really enjoyed wandering around. I had trouble finishing it, I think I'll need to do it with a friend."
,Not Recommended,223510,20340251,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Crimson,"It's really buggy, I had specimens going through the tables and I would try to stop running to look around and would keep going. I even checked to make sure it wasn't just my keyboard messing up too. The controls need to be reworked. Holding only two items at a time is rather ridiculous and dropping said items when swimming is also ridiculous. I couldn't have just stuck the knife in the waistband of my pants or something as I swam around?I did like the fact that when you picked up a note, it pointed out which note you just received in the journal. And the sounds were pretty decent as well.Overall, would not recommend at all."
,Recommended,223510,20514674,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,nerak,"This game is worth the regular price.  If you like grinding it out and searching some random places, without many chances of messing up the game without a restart this might be the game for you. You can save, just take care where and when.If you like fighting or building nope not the style, still it gives you many hrs. of fun and some aggravating beasts that you have to outrun or hide but not kill off.  Mapping is a must in this game and it may give you vertago if you look off a cliff that you may be running to get away from the danger.The game gives you the answers and yet makes you work a bit for them, plus you can spend extra time exploring and just looking at the sites which are fairly good. As far as a puzzle type game yes and more so no, but still enjoyable if not tried in one sitting.I'd buy it again if I had a choice !  The end well, I guess you'll just have to play it to find out that !7/10 would buy the game again just for the hrs. of play ahead !Stay Kool ! notumble !"
76561198030665293,Recommended,223510,19815376,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Scuzzlebutt,"Survival type game with no combat where the goal is to survive long enough to figure out a way to get off the island you were stranded on. Graphics is definitely a mixed bag and some mechanics are questionable at best, but it's unique and interesting enough, seeing the price, to be worth playing at least once."
76561198177269261,Recommended,223510,20013753,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,powerplayelectric,very good game
76561197992218879,Not Recommended,223510,19965721,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Definition,"fun game because of exploration and presentation, poorly optimized though"
76561198011241039,Recommended,223510,2696958,"Posted: 29 January, 2013",all,Sopwith,"This is a classic adventure and exploration game. The atmosphere is great, the gameplay simple and enjoyable, and the immersion (and suspense) is first-class. For a game of such humble origins, this is definitely one that is worth your time."
76561197987049851,Recommended,223510,25416179,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,janedough,"survival horror at it's most intense: collect flowers, camp out and play around with a kitten.it is quietly efficient though."
76561197969828341,Recommended,223510,27156002,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,afxdub,"First, this game will not be for everyone.  It's a horror/suspense game with FPS type controls.  The main driver throughout the game is that you suffer from fevers.  To combat these fevers, you must craft medicine from plants you collect on the island.  Your in game character is no superman.  He has liminted stamina and too much strenuous activity will bring on a fever which could result in death.Added to that you have the constant threat of the island monster.  Plus, you start out with no map.  You must create it using topography and triangulation.  It's a really neat system that I've haven't seen used in any other game.  As you play, you gradually map out the entire island.Overally, I loved this game.  The pace, the constant threat of fevers and monsters, and the general weakness of the in-game character made the whole experience suspenseful and tense."
76561197971663594,Recommended,223510,531257,"Posted: 26 March, 2013",all,Draksis,"This game was recommended to by a forum friend, and at first I was very sceptical. Wow did this game surprise: This game has got to be the most incredible non-violent game I have ever played. To survive you must find the right plants to make pills and tonics for various purposes, from keeping the symptoms of the Plague away, to an extra boost to your system to sprint or swim for longer. All the while in fear of being found by a mysterious creature.There is something about quietly hunting for glowing algae at night one minute, and sprinting full pace down a narrow jungle path with only your burning bunch of twigs as your light the next!...."
76561198003086122,Recommended,223510,2151289,"Posted: 17 March, 2013",all,DMK Gman,"This is not an action game: there is no combat although there is an animal on the island which will kill you if you fail to hide from it.This is a game of exploration: you are stranded on an island, suffering from a plague.  The cure is on this Island although those that made it are all dead.  You explore the island, mapping it as you go, searching for the plants required to create the cure (as well as the scientists notes with regards as to which plants you actually require).  In your diseased state you are weak.  A slight fall, dehydration or lack of sleep will lead to a fever...left untreated the fever will kill you.  You can use various plants around the island to synthesise drugs to combat the fever or to increase your strenght, endurance and awareness.In this game it is the environment which is your enemy: the island is a mountainous, jungle environment full of steap slopes: in Miasmata your body has momentum and navigating all of those hills becomes a matter of life or death.  You will slide, trip and fall but it all feels very natural.I loved this game: the island setting is well realised...the sounds of the environment are very well done, while the lighting is fantastic.The game was made by two people, with an engine they built specifically for the purpose.  There are rough patches to the graphics but I can honestly say that I never noticed them unless I went looking for them.I highly recommend it, but it may not be to everyone's taste."
76561198037510412,Recommended,223510,4460059,"Posted: 6 April, 2013",all,saecel,awesome awesome awesome!!! Probably one of the best survival games out there.
,Recommended,223510,17213566,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Alex Ros,"One of the most innovative games outhere. Some people may consider it boring, cause practically everything you do is roaming around and looking for flowers, mushrooms. At the same time you do not have any map and you have to travel very carefully and have to use triangulation technique just to know where you are. Without triangulation usage you will be lost really fast and... eaten. Yes. There's a creature roaming around too. What is more interesting is that this creature is unscripted. It means you can meet it right at the first day. Vice versa you can meet your enemy on day 10 for example. Nevertheless you will meet it eventually, because most of times it's roaming around the most important rare ingridients (flowers-mushrooms). Another one enemy is your own sickness, physical not mental. You're sick, so you have to make hand-made pills regularly. There's also a dehydration, but no starvation for some unknown reasons. Anyway dehydration is not a problem at all, nothing would change without this lively but useless detail. And that's almost everything I can say about game mechanics. The way you can get lost and be frightened is the only one outstanding feature; really big open world created believable and full of points of interest for explorers.As for the story it's all hidden in notes and some photographs. No voices, no scenes, no characters alive. You are all alone (if not to mention the creature). Story is nice, mysterious and a bit detectivish. And by the way it's crucial to collect story notes, otherwise looking for ingridiends will become a pain in the a$$. You do can collect plants blindly, but that's really hard.I would recommend that game to anyone who is not afraid to try something new and unique. It's not expensive, so I really recommend to give it a try."
,Recommended,223510,1741156,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,Vincent Greene,"I've spent hours playing this game and it was captivating enough for me to actually complete it. I love the green environments, the well-balanced survival aspect, all in all it felt like a summer holiday island adventure. Wish there were more games like this, somehow the industry standard seems to be bleak colors or night time all the time and scary♥♥♥♥♥♥jumping at you randomly. Please, please, please make another game IonFX!"
76561198010112719,Recommended,223510,16773462,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,Mr. Eff,"One of the most memorable PC experiences I've had. It's not tightly polished, it's fairly simplistic, and it's slow - but it's immersive, challenging, and different than anything I've played.GAMEPLAY: Using a standard FPS control scheme, you explore an island searching for the cure to a disease which afflicts you. Symptoms manifest themselves in the form of fatigue (you will drown faster while swimming and lose your footing easier when climbing), suffer from blurry vision, and eventually die. You must stave off these effects by crafting medicines out of plants found on the island, of which there are many types, and you have to collect and research each one to see what it does. You also have to drink water, which you can find in ponds, pitchers in cabins, or in your canteen. Dehydration causes onset of the symptoms above. Strangely, and somewhat jarringly, you don't have to eat at all.Perhaps the most unique aspect of this game is the navigational aspect. You will find small snippets of maps, but most of the mapping will have to be done manually in the form of triangulation - pinpointing your location in relation to two landmarks (statues, cabins, and tents). It's the largest factor in determining your route, as you will be forced to stay within sight of landmarks. It creates a feeling of helplessness and empowerment simultaneously - you will be walking blind with little clue where to go, until you add a little bit more to your map, which is a great feeling every time.Your compass is a vital suplement to the map, as it's easy to become lost. The game doesn't handhold, and when you lose your path, there's little recourse except to take your best guess as to where to go. This is most dangerous when falling, as the screen blurs, you become turned around, and drop whatever items you were carrying. It has the potential to be fatal, especially when in uncharted territory.Another useful tool is your watch, which you must use to ensure you aren't caught in the jungle at night - visibility is extremely limited, to the point where it is almost entirely pointless to travel at night. This is another large factor in determining your travel schedule, as you will want to be in a safe place before nightfall.Of course, there's another danger on the island in the form of a monster that stalks the island, against which you are defenceless. It has the potential to throw off your plans, as getting away from it will be paramount - sometimes necessitating flight into unmarked territory.VISUALS: The game looks very nice. It goes for a realistic style, which looks great for the environment elements - rocks, water, etc. Living creatures look a little stinted, but by no means bad, and certainly not immersion breaking. Reaching the coastline and looking out onto the water is one of the most beautiful parts of this game. While most of the game takes place in nature, there are a few man-made elements that stand out visually - ruins in the jungle, for instance.AUDIO: Serves the game extremely well. There's a soft ambient soundtrack that underlines the experience, making exploring the island strangely calming, despite the need for survival. Sound effects are great too - perhaps the most memorable being the pulsing and ringing that occurs when taking a fall. A sound you will quickly identify is the pounding of the character's heart when the monster approaches, its intensity indicating the creature's proximity. It's a very quiet game, but each sound serves to add a little something to the experience.STORY: The focus is on survival and escaping the island, but there's a tale to be uncovered about the protagonist's past, as well as that of the island - who had been exploring the island and why, and how they came to disappear. It comes off mostly as context for the gameplay, which isn't a bad thing, especially considering the story is satisfying to uncover in all of its little bits and pieces, conveyed almost entirely by optional notes.This game is a slow burn, and has challenges unlike those I've seen in other games. Which is why I enjoyed it so thoroughly - it's a chance to explore a beautiful island on your own, and craft strategies for survival. It's hard to say, exactly, what type of demographic I'd recommend this game to - perhaps horror fans looking for a new angle, or those who like exploration games - but I know that I would for sure, as I had a great time with this game."
76561197970778182,Recommended,223510,459722,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,☢Lance Many Lances☣,"The surprise hit of 2013 for me. I voted to greenlight it then bought it and oh was it worth the money. Beautiful to look at, a challenge to play. This game was such an emotional ride that I nominated it for the “I'm Not Crying, There's Something In My Eye” Award."
,Recommended,223510,1125992,"Posted: 12 March, 2013",all,bambam,"Awesomely well done, still hoping for sequal"
76561198044258921,Recommended,223510,27497506,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,ccjesper,"I am probably the #1 weirdest ♥♥♥♥er who has ever played this game, because I loved it before the cat monster showed up. It was still awesome after he showed up, but I still had to quit before the stress gave me an ulcer. However, I couldn't recommend this game more. It's fun, it's interesting, it's a little weird, and it's definitely unique. A+"
76561197993994557,Recommended,223510,28615226,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Mazetar,"Played through the game in around 10hrs,had lots of fun doing so.The world is beautiful on interesting and even though I'm finished with the game I do want to go back and explore more of the map, I've yet to find all the answers I need... :)This game is great if you like exploration games :)"
,Not Recommended,223510,11155336,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,/pol/gage [epic gamer],"shíttiest game every fúuckíng created, removed it from my library just because i hate it that much"
76561198049491696,Recommended,223510,28456309,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Zombie Fingers,"9/10There is a plague.It is doing what pagues do.Killing people.The world is in the grips of a pandemic. You find yourself sick and alone on an island where scientists have been working towards towards a cure.  Scattered across the island are outposts in wich this research was being carried out.Fighting your own illness, you travel from outpost to outpost collecting their journals and trying to piece together the cure. This involves searching the island for the plants that go into the various formulae required to synthesize the cure.To better travel about the island you can make a map. You do this by triangulating between Easter Island-like heads Scattered about the island. This helps in finding the outposts and trails trails wich connect them and is good fun in its own right.The island itself is fun to explore. From the forests and vallys to the outposts. You will find things that, while not being integral to the game, will explain backstory and round out the experience.Miasmata is a fun game of exploration and creation.I especially enjoy playing a good game by an indie studio. Kudos ionFX!I give it nine out ten stone heads."
,Recommended,223510,7554552,"Posted: 2 November, 2013",all,Cabadiah,"A very simple yet incredibly detailed survival game centered around exploration and cartography rather than hunting and gathering.You wake up as a man who has crashed onto a deserted island, only to immediately find abandoned huts and makeshift laboratories riddled with research notes and corpses, all of which is directly related to a plague that has ravaged the fictional home country of the island's former inhabitants experiencing a nationalist take-over.The player-character is apparently infected with this same plague and begins the game incredibly weak and fragile, not being able to swim for any length of time, only able to sprint for a few seconds, and easily able to slip and fall down hills and slopes, weakening the character until they die.The goal of the game is to explore the island, collect as many notes and maps as you can, and eventually find many medicial plants that will allow you to synthesize the cure for the plague. Along the way you will find notes for other medicines and stimulants that allow you to temoporarily and eventually permanently swim, run faster and for longer periods, and climb steeper hills and control yourself better to avoid slipping or falling.Most of the games mechanics are simple, but they are used effectively and everything comes together very naturally.The game requires good situational awareness and memory in order to track your own location and avoid getting lost, though there is a map and a triangulation mechanic that allows you to use landmarks to fill it in. There is a dehydration mechanic, so being able to find safe sources of water is important, as becoming dehydrated will cause you to periodcally lose some control of your character, making it easier to slip and fall when climbing, as well as accelerating the rate at which you develop a fever and start to lose health.You keep a journal that keeps record of all the plants you find and study, as well as a collection of the various medicines you'll create with them. Creating medicines is very simple, only requiring you to collect one or two plants and then combining them by placing them on a lab table. You can hold one of each type of medicine, as well as stock up to six plants of any type in a storage bin that carries between labs.Other than simply picking plants, there isn't much interaction with the environment, as the few objects you can pick up aren't particularly useful. There is a strange creature that can stalk and attack you randomly as you explore the island, but there is no way to damage it, forcing you to run, hide, or escape to terrain it can't cross. Simply running as fast and far as you can is the easiest way to escape it, though there is a light stealth mechanic where you can sense the creature and know when it can see you when you create one of the permanent medicines.Though it might not be terribly pretty, and there are some long load times and technical hiccups, the sheer scope and level of detail in the environment and the tension throughout the game is nothing short of brilliant, and being a fan of survival games in general, it's great to see one that has unique gameplay. For a project between only two people it is truly impressive and a great experience."
76561198012307741,Recommended,223510,7426667,"Posted: 19 October, 2013",all,Chosokabe Wariamu,Different. Change of pace and gets better as you play on. Some good moments
,Recommended,223510,34988986,Posted: 15 September,all,Brodney,"I personally enjoyed the game's emphasis on Chemistry, gathering and conducting research on the local flora and processing them into medicine. What I enjoy most is scouring the island for new specimens and making a bee line back to the nearest Synthesis station, eager to discover what benefits this flower I'm holding will yield, once I extract them at the lab.The quasi-survival element of the game was a nice touch for me as well. When it reached 9PM in game, my character would often suffer heavily from the effects of fever, which I would treat using a dose of Extra-Strength Medication, Fresh Water, and going to Sleep... awaking the following day feeling refreshed and ready for a new day of exploration."
76561198020257116,Recommended,223510,35303384,Posted: 29 September,all,Electronic_Bunny,"Ok, so this is a very interesting title for sure. Honestly everyone should play it. It has maybe ~10 hours for a full playthrough but it is amazing. The mechanics are simple yet world building enough that you just want to spend years exploring more islands with more botania and even more lost ruins / abandoned labs to explore. It has a great system for mapping out your environment which only happens when you can identify landmarks you have already mapped. I feel like if I continue it will just be a long rant that can be summed up as this is permanently on my iconic games list for me. I would be surprised if I don't play this game a decade down the road. Oh don't forget though that while your having your nice stroll through nature trying to collect flowers, that there is an evil demon creature tracking your every step and every second you spend enjoying the view it is getting closer to clawing your heart out..... but is it even real?"
76561198077949920,Recommended,223510,35252427,Posted: 27 September,all,Jemmy,"I very highly recommend this game...to a certain type of person. It's really about what type of game you like to play. If you're not sure, buy it on sale and give it a chance!I liked it because:- There is no combat.- You're mostly just exploring a beautiful island (in immersive first-person view).- The mapping technique was unique and challenging.- The character movements are realistic of someone who is sick: you're a little sluggish and it's easy to get hurt. (Once I actually said ""Whew!"" out loud after climbing up a steep hill. This was a big part of the immersion for me.)- Plot was interesting and drove me forward. Though it's not in your face - you have to look for it.- It's fun to replay once you know what's going on. (1st playthrough took me about 20 hours; 2nd playthrough I attempted a speedrun in about 2 hours.)You may NOT like it because:- There is no combat.- You're mostly just exploring a beautiful island.- Mapping technique is a little hard to learn (but once you ""get"" it, it's fine).- Character movements can be clunky.- You have to search for notes and clues to learn the story.P.S. I think some of the achievements might be bugged, but I can forgive that. Maybe you can't."
