user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198047102011,Recommended,223830,11367427,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Arngrim,"I finally completed my first Normal Ironman run in Xenonauts after many rage quits, forced restarts... and forgetting to deactive my C4 explosives only to pink mistify half my squad (way... waayyyy too many times). There were many moments that had me mumbling at my screen in frustration or outright had me getting up from the computer, going to the gym, and lifting things up then putting them down over and over again to get the angst out.It was incredibly frustrating to have some of my wet-behind-the-ears soldiers survive a few missions and pulverize some Xeno scum, only to watch them get one shot by a well placed shot or devoured by a Reaper I didn't plan for. Cover isn't intuitive (or at least for me it wasn't) and there were multiple times I took position only to watch the alien turn, smirk at me, then plant a plasma bolt square between the eyes of one of my soldiers. Refer back to the rage and lifting portion.Eventually, after epic (and possibly unhealthy) amounts of nerd rage and QQ'ing over cheating alien scum, how insanely difficult breaching UFOs is (Corvettes! I'm specifically hating on you!), and having to make aggrevating economic decisions... I learned from my mistakes (gasp!), had to learn to accept losses, and got better.I actually started using squad level tactics like hugging walls, throwing down smoke grenades if I absolutely had to turn a blind corner with no indication of what could be waiting on the other side, NOT sprinting down the middle of the street with my entire squad, then getting upset that I got sniped from a random window, making liberal use of explosives even if it meant I lost some money breaching UFOs, and generally just accepting I'm supposed to be out gunned.The game is remarkably well paced, freakishly so. Due to the ticker implementation RIGHT when you finally have outfitted your fighter jets or soldiers with the appropriate gear new bigger, badder aliens show up that almost make your hard fought gains obsolete. One step forward, two steps back is a common theme throughout the game that makes you BETTER because you have to actually think about WTF you're doing and why.I'm a father of three, married, and I have a job that has me at work anywhere from a standard 40 hours a week to almost 60, so it took me a month to get through the game. I guess I could've used the common complaint/logic ""I don't have that kind of time"" or ""I want something I can sit down and beat in a few days"" but this was far more rewarding. Yes, there were days where after a 12 hour shift I certainly didn't come home and boot up any games, but the time invested was worth it.I'm glad I stuck with Xenonauts despite my initial frustrations and will be putting many more hours into it either by tweaking the config file or by downloading mods. I actually tried playing XCOM: EU again and couldn't bring myself to do it.If you've made it through the wall of text (hurray!) I guess I'd split it into three categories:The Good:-Excellently designed game that gives you total freedom, no ♥♥♥♥ty tutorials shall be thrust on you here.-The pacing is genius! I don't know how long it took them, but the game ups the difficulty at the right moment. (unless you're playing bad, then you'll never catch up)-Soldiers have no role, you determine what they do based on what equipment you give them. Have a guy with high TU (action points)? Make him your scout! Have a guy with amazing accuracy but maybe his HP is kind of low? Sniper! Found a meat shield with high HP and incredible strength, but he couldn't hit the broad side of a barn at point blank range with a fully automatic weapon? Give him a metal shield and let him be a bullet sponge! Or don't do any of those things, it's up to you.-Aliens appropriately out tech you through out pretty much the entire game. You genuinely feel an overwhelming sense of dread as you play the game.-You will take losses, but that doesn't mean you'll lose the game. You can have pretty substantial set backs and still come out on top. (kind of like how life is!)-Using squad level infantry tactics ACTUALLY works and is necessary.-Well thought out tech tree and research progression.-You can mod and edit the crap out of the game to your liking.-Music is well done and adds to the setting.The Bad:-Even on Easy this game will be too much for a lot of people. This will be viewed as an ""elitist"" comment, but I think that's more indicative of the gaming industry as a whole and not to Xenonaut's detriment. Nintendo games were soul crushingly difficult and only had one mode, now many games I can hand my six year old that he can beat without having to read any of the text.-Still some glitches/bugs, namely shooting through walls. It doesn't happen too often, but it can make a huge difference to how that one map will play out.-The game doesn't explain a lot of the mechanics adequately. This can amplify frustration or make it more rewarding as you progress, depends on your perspective.-Mind control late game is a bit out of whack. I thought it added a great deal of intensity and dread, but it was depressing to watch two of my colonels that had managed to survive +30 missions get possessed and murder each other. I think it's a great (and necessary) part of the game, but still needs tweaking in either lower % success rate (which you can do yourself) or a turn delay the same way Wraiths can't teleport and shoot in the same turn.The Ugly:-Graphics. Eventually they grew on me, but it was admittedly jarring at first."
76561198002567771,Recommended,223830,12709218,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Xenus Icelon,"Xenonauts. It's greatest strength is that it's X-com. It's greatest weakness is that it's X-com.If you're an older gamer, played the original X-coms, and just wanted them to get a graphics update and maybe some mods on being able to better organise your units and maybe a few updates, look no further. You've found it.If you don't know what this ""X-com"" business is about, both X-com and Xenonauts are tactical and strategic games where you defend earth from an alien invasion through a specialised organisation and squad who deals with the aliens.You'll respond to the aliens by shooting down the UFOs using regular human fighter aircraft, and then landing a squad of soldiers with just plain old human guns near them to clear out the survivors. After that, you'll begin to research better technology. Laser rifles, faster aircraft to take down the UFOs, armour that protects from the alien weaponry, and so on.You will meet several different kinds of aliens, each with their own strengths and weaknesses, and figure out why they're invading. But most importantly, you're going to stop them. You're going to take all their technology and make it your own, and you will end up with several bases across the world to find, and destroy any intruders who push into your atmosphere.As for the changes between this and X-com, they are mostly good. You have an airstrike option on alien crash sites so that you don't need to do everything or have them expire when you've been too busy dealing with other sites, though it will provide you with far less rewards than if you send in a squad of soldiers. There are new pieces of equipment, such as the shield. You'll no longer need to micromanage every last clip or laser battery in your arsenal and order the construction of small things like two laser batteries - Just keep track of the ones you bring into combat so you don't run out. There are now more involved air battles, along with air terror sites. And cover, along with range, now actually provides a bonus or penalty to your shots. You don't have to worry about this turning into a chest high wall simulator though, it works out well and you don't have to stay in cover. It's just a suggestion that increases your soldiers' lifespan. There are some others but they are mostly positive. One I'd say is slightly negative is that you can not land on a UFO and blast a hole in the ceiling to enter it as you could in the original X-com, though if you never played that game(And even if you did), you might not even notice that option isn't there.Mechanics wise, it works out very similar to X-com, with an isometric view and tile based map. I've found some maps had too little vertical space sometimes but often this wasn't a big problem, the controls are pretty good, mainly just using your mouse to command your units.  It's turn based, with a world map to place your bases on and do your air battles, and a base overview where you can build out your base by modular rooms.Interestingly, I've found that the difficulty settings actually changes AI behavior, rather than the lazy way of just giving the AI more armour or damage. I'm not sure if it also gives the aliens more stats or makes it more difficult to get money for the player, but the fact difficulty settings actually improve the AI is something that many AAA games completely fail at.In the end, it's X-com. It has most of the strengths of X-com, but it also has the flaws of X-com. You may need to restart several times if you're new and you might get discouraged. A random lucky shot could kill off your best soldier and send the nearby rocket launcher guy into a berserk panic state right into your own squad. If you're not used to it, you'll wonder just how long the campaign keeps going and it may turn into a game of 'whack-a-UFO' for you with slow or barely noticable progress. Or you may simply not have a clue what's going on until the aliens are already in a better position than you.Even then, it's a very good game. I would say it's worth grabbing it at some point if you want to see what the fuss is about, or because you want some more of the X-com from long ago (Without looking at Interceptor or Enforcer for now)"
,Not Recommended,223830,18966168,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Starving Poet,"First off, air combat is great - I mean, finally - this has always been a very important part of these games and it irked me that XCOM 2012 pretty much ignored it.  Here it's way more important, plays better, and has a much better consequence spiral.I wanted to like this game - I have hundreds, if not thousands, of hours in the original X-COM games.  I've finished TFTD on superhuman ironman.  I've played a ballistics only UFO Defense... I even made my way through XCOM Interceptor...<edit>  Before we go any further, I want to add a little edit since many of the comments are critical about how I can thumb down a game even though I have 120 hours into it - The short answer is:  I should really like this game, it seems perfect on paper, but I didn't and I wanted to know _why_.</edit>♥♥♥♥ this game though - and for one simple reason - the Aliens always know where you are.   And this isn't the X-COM: EU type of alien squadsight where if they see one troop, they can see all your troops.   This is where if you are within range of an alien, even one that's never looked outside the UFO, it triggers a special AI.   This is the kind where if you have a wall between you and an alien, the alien will be facing you through the wall.Remember how in TFTD there would be those little closets where aliens would get stuck because of a pathing bug?  And to kill that last alien you'd have to either eat up its reaction fire with rookies or blow through the walls from another direction?  Well, this is half of the aliens in this game.  And you can't blow through the walls.  UFO breaches, depending on the layout, are either brutal or tedious.   Most of the time the aliens will just sit behind the door in their command center, full TUs, waiting to reaction fire as soon as you make a move.   And that's nothing compared to alien base assaults.Jesus effing Christ - the beginning of the assault are fun - about a third of the aliens on the map will make their way to the LZ and try to push you out.  The next phase is classic XCOM - carefully make your way to the control room, removing opposition as you go.  The last phase is just mind-numbing tedium - 1/3 of the aliens in the base are sitting in a single room, barely moving so they can keep their TU high for reaction fire.  Problem is that there's something like a 60% chance that if they hit your fully armored guys, they will kill you in one hit.  They, on the other hand - take 3-5 hits, on average to take out.  Now, add in the lovely 'Dread' effect and half your team will have 30% of their TUs removed.  Just 'cause.  It's like they combined the worst parts of all the XCOM games - Alien PSI spam, Lobstermen Bullet Sponges, XCOM 2012 projectile/cover dynamics, Apocalypse AI camping - and they put it all into a single room.Then we can talk about LOS issues - they are everywhere.  The number of times I have gotten shot (or have shot) through a wall is ridiculous.  Or aliens shooting through solid obstacles from the fog of war.  Or sitting in the middle of a roof and having an alien along the wall of the building be able to hit me.  How about trying to throw a grenade over a knee-hgh wall, only to realize that you don't *throw* grenades so much as you fire them in a direct line from your chest.Moving past the map issues, the way ballistics work is just broken.   In the original X-COM, you shoot a bullet, it will fly in a straight line until it hits something (Wall, scenery, alien, back of your team mate's head) or it goes off the map.  It's simple, it worked - your accuracy percentage was your chance to hit a target at 20 tiles, that accuracy determined the size of the cone the bullets leaving your weapon would travel.   The game didn't care what you were shooting at, just put the bullets in that cone and they did what they did - whether it was boring a hole through a house or taking down a floater.  Here, you have a) a chance you'll hit the alien (XCOM 2012) and b) a chance to hit anything in the way. (XCOM 94)Let's say that you're shooting at an enemy with a LMG.  There's a bale of hay between you and the enemy, but you know that your LMG can shoot down that hay bale if you get 2-3 shots into it.  So, you force target the alien and the first 3 rounds of your 10 round burst do indeed destroy the obstacle between you and the bad guy.  You expect to see the 7 remaining bullets proceed to kill or even just supress the alien on the other side.  Unfortunately, the remaining 7 rounds just *poof* disappear, stopping where the hay bale used to be because that chance to hit an alien is determined before the first shot is made.  That's the XCOM 2012 binary hit / miss calculation ♥♥♥♥ing everything up.  Even if you have a clear path between you and the alien, the bullet will still disappear at the alien's square and you'll get a *miss* text pop up over the alien's head.  It won't continue past them on these occasions, possibly hitting the explosive barrels on the tile directly behind them, just another *poof*.  That game said you had 95% chance to hit that alien, and even if your bullet had perfect dead-center trajectory, that 5% will kick in and eat that bullet.Oh, and sidenote - dread is the worst game mechanic ever introduced."
76561198008750889,Recommended,223830,10500095,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,ccwylde70,"This is a solid strategic game.  Sure, it doesn't have the eye-popping 3D graphics of the current XCom games, but what it's lacking there it more than makes up for in challenging gameplay.  And by challenging, I don't mean aliens picking you apart while you hide in full cover and wonder what the point was.  The aliens here will find ways to flank you with the same type units that at other times often would hole up defensively instead.  Sometimes it takes carefully placed explosives / flashbangs / stun gas into an area just to give you a leg up vs. them.  It is also a difficult game to master in terms of having a good gameplan finance-wise.  Will you spend a pile of your initial funding on science research to get a better technological balance vs. your foe, or will build extra hangars to combat the increasing ufo assault?  How much of that funding will go to engineers to help you build better weapons & vehicles quickly enough to be of real use, and how much of it will you spend on soldiers to have enough to stop terror missions while still defending your own base?  Or I should say, 'bases', because one will not be enough, as the threat is ongoing and everywhere.  It's a fine line to walk (and I'm just talking about normal difficulty here).So if you get distracted easily, or you're looking for a lot of gloss and entertaining Wow - factor, this game might not be for you.  If you're into a game that'll hand you your♥♥♥♥♥♥the first few times you play it and demand that you improve your strategy, well then you've come to the right place. :)"
76561198049275752,Recommended,223830,17172300,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,N00bStore,"I think that one of the best ways to define Xenonauts is as a ""spiritual remake"" of X-Com: UFO Defense. By that I mean that the developers attempted to recreate the original X-Com as faithfully as possible (while at the same time improving on the classic's flaws) but had to use a different setting, considering they don't own the rights to the X-Com franchise (hence the ""spiritual"" aspect). What is the result of said remake? Simply put, the best X-Com game that I have ever played. Xenonauts succeeds admirably at perfecting the formula that made the original game a timeless classic, and while it does have a few flaws, it is nonetheless a fantastic turn-based strategy game. It also brings forth a very nice artistic design, and streamlines the original's cumbersome UI, thus successfully bringing the original concept into the modern era of gaming.In Xenonauts, you act as the commander of the titular organization tasked with defending the Earth against an alien invasion set in a Cold War-era setting. The game is divided into three separate components: a real-time administration simulation with 4X and sandbox elements where you manage the bases of your organization (assigning all kinds of tasks such as research, manufacturing of equipment, and building of annexes) and monitor for UFO activity in a map of Earth; a real-time with pause minigame where you engage UFOs with your interceptor aircraft; and a turn-based strategy component where the actual combat against the aliens happens. This last mode is where the meat of every X-Com game lays, and in the case of Xenonauts, I'm happy to state that said combat missions are every bit as challenging, tense and satisfactory as they were in X-Com: UFO Defense. Furthermore, the turn-based combat has been largely improved from the original, featuring more deep, complex mechanics, a wider array of weaponry and artifacts, and a healthy dose of streamlining where it was needed.You have to keep in mind that this is a very challenging and difficult game. Every choice you make has consequences, and actions are irreversible. Furthermore, if you play on Ironman (a mode which I recommend activating from your very first playthrough, as these kind of games are clearly designed to work that way) you will not be able to reverse to a previous save state. You'll have to learn to go on with your choices, both good and bad, and I can't emphasize how fulfilling it is to achieve victory in these conditions. Remember though that if one of your soldiers dies, they're gone. Forever.A rather notorious addition that Xenonauts made to the X-Com formula is the air combat. As I mentioned earlier, this is a real-time with pause minigame where you direct your aircraft against the UFOs in a radar-like interface, trying to maximize the damage you deal to them while avoiding their deadly attacks as much as possible. While I think this mode is far from perfect, as many times I felt it was a bit shallow, it is nonetheless a huge leap from UFO Defense's barebones interception system, and I think it succeeds in getting the job done.The only real complaint I have with Xenonauts is with the way that psionic attacks works. This was a huge flaw in the original X-Com, as psionic abilities were hugely overpowered. In Xenonauts, they tried to fix this by making psionics unavailable to humans and making it a bit less powerful in aliens. Unfortunately, the result is that many times you feel completely powerless against psionic attacks, as there's no research that allows to counter it (something like the Mind Shields in XCOM: Enemy Unknown would have helped a lot in making it a fairer mechanic). Still, it's not a game breaking flaw, and the game it's still an excellent one even with the annoyance it poses.At the end of the day, I don't see any reason not to recommend this game to everyone interested in a deep, complex, and tactical experience. For classic X-Com fans, this is a no-brainer, and for newcomers the lower difficulties are forgiving enough to make learning the basics of the game a smooth experience (keep Ironman mode activated though, that's the way to play this, in my opinion). Go for it."
,Recommended,223830,14092013,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Traveller,"I am pleasantly surprised.The original X-Com was best known for its punishing difficulty.  But it was also known, among people who played it much, for its annoying idiosyncracies and irritations.  Xenonauts does away with many of these, simplifying things while keeping much of the difficulty.  For example, you can define soldier classes that have no game effect, but allow you to set default equipment.  Standard-issue gear costs nothing and takes up no space, because a base commander has better things to do than count rifle clips.  Base defenses are automatically upgraded, because really, who wants to rebuild base components every time you research a new tech?Some things are harder: The tech tree seems to keep things a little more out of reach, and funding is absolutely brutal.  Some things are easier: Riot shields.  Oh my God, riot shields.  Instead of ablative rookie shields, lead your squad with a guy with a shield and a pistol.  Why the hell didn't we have these in the original X-Com.  It feels so good (and it won't help at all when a Chryssalid, or whatever they call them in Xenonauts, comes knocking).  Also, if you crash an interceptor, your engineers will recover it and put it back together in a week or so.  Losing an expensive ship near the beginning of the game is no longer painful enough to make you want to start over.A personal favorite feature of mine is airstrikes.  Are there four small crashed UFOs on the map at once?  Do you need cash?  Do you cringe at the thought of playing them all out?  Just hit the airstrike button and the local military will blow it away, recover the scrap, and pay you for your donation...less than you'd get from a raid, but well worth the savings of player time.  Also, intercepting alien ships is pretty rad.  New dimension that X-Com never had, and it might not be your thing; you order your planes around in realtime, outflanking and gunning down the enemy with nifty fields of fire.  Personally I could take it or leave it, but there's an autoresolve button, and since you can recover crashed ships it won't instantly♥♥♥♥♥♥you over!If you've ever heard me complain about Galactic Civilizations II, you know I hate bad humor, especially in tech trees.  I know...I'm weirdly specific that way.  Well, your lead scientist in Xenonauts has an irritating intellectual superiority complex, but it's written *just right*, enough that you get a wonderful, subtle characterization just from the tech reports, no cutscenes required.  You want to deck him in the face, not turn him off entirely.  Well done, Goldhawk.Anyway, I've played to the point where I'm through the first terror mission, and I gotta say there's a huge difficulty spike.  Just as it should be.  If you think the first month is too easy, take another look at your funding, and wait for some pain to roll into tactical.  As a big fan of the original X-Com, I heartily endorse this game: Cleaning up all the annoyances and adding a few new features has truly made it new again.  It's the game we loved, without the trappings of retro.  Clear your calendar."
76561197970339840,Recommended,223830,15852751,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,illequine,"Genuinely,suprisingly impressive and detailed orginal XCOM clone - almost identical in form and gameplay. If you enjoyed any of the original XCOM series of games and even the newer Enemy Unknown/Within games, and have put this off because it looks or sounds like a tacky greenlight clone (like i have) you are doing yourself a great disservice.It's worth the 20something quid, goldhawk did a fantastic job on this game and it needs to be played to be believed.Do it."
76561198057359118,Recommended,223830,32303522,Posted: 9 June,all,ron_perring,"If you enjoyed the original xcom, I can't think of a single reason not to purchase this game. Try a couple mods . . . especially the $800 billion start (finally gets rid of the frustration of having to play as an accountant) and the increased field of vision (to mimic actual peripheral vision). This game is tons of slow-paced yet high tension fun."
76561198077510229,Recommended,223830,12378622,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,JeromeNtheHouse,"Xenonauts is amazing! If u're a fan of the original XCOM or even the XCOM Enemy Unknown/Within, then u'll love this one. Especially if u're looking for more of a challenge compared to XEU. Xenonauts definitely offers the player more control over what/how u can spend and allocate your funds, as well as more randomness in terms of ground combat and enemy placement.If I had to pick a negative, I would say that the game doesn't necessarily have a random map generator like the original XCOM did/does. Xenonauts has more of a semi random map generator, in which u may come across a similar map, but the layout in terms of what's on the map may be different. For example; instead of a crate being placed in a particular part of the map, there may be a set of parked cars or debris of some kind etc. Of course in the forums, u can always download custom maps ppl design, and add em to ur game to spice it up, and keep the game fresh as well. I would imagine (if they hadn't already or are already in talks) they would possibly put up a patch as far as implementing a random map generator.Other than that, the game is absolutely Amazing!!! I still haven't even seen all the maps nor all the enemies as well. If I were to pick a number, I would definitely give this game a 9/10, 4/5, B+/A u name it.."
76561198073334516,Recommended,223830,12695562,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Gruagach of Lough Leane,"Xenonauts is a great game.Once I shot down a main craft over at snowy I suppose planes of Greenland. Just a routine intercept, kill those alien sum♥♥♥♥♥es, get that much needed dosh so I could build another base and name it something from Secret Warriors. Or so I thought.My brave men and women including Iosif Nichayko, Ellen Ripley, Rick Deckard and my main killing mean machine lieutenant John Cross who rocked cool moustache, Wolf armor, a riot shield and a plasma pistol were all there.My prised bull Iosif who was always clearing the UFO itself with a shotgun got shot almost immediately by a crased Icelandic reseacher who mistook our dropship for some sort of huge alien spacecraft. My brave men and women couldn't retaliate and thus commit a horrible war crime of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥a cold dead body of an Icelandic meteorologist because said meteorologist was shot by his pal, another reseacher present on this snowy research station. The man nodded and moved on completely dissappearing from the point of view of my brave men and women.The research station itself was swarming with reapers, disgusting aliens who turn men into zombies and ♥♥♥♥ corpses. They weren't such a huge problem for mymen since my APC made a quick work of them.We finally made it to the alien aircraft. It was on fire, dying moans and swearing in some beastly alien language were heard from inside. We sweeped the first hall, nothing but reptiloid bodies and blood. ANd in the second hall we found the same honorable Icelandic scientist executing sebilian officer.He then slowly walked into the flame and dissappeared again.The mission was a success."
76561198089293633,Not Recommended,223830,10522462,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,ThunderGr,"I had bought this game in early access, when Greece was still located in Europe(and not in the Middle East) because I wanted to support the developers and help them finish what seemed like a game with amazing potential.After that, I followed the development at the forums, I saw all good things about the game being ""watered down"".I saw absurd concepts like ""indestructible interceptors"" being divined and adopted by the developers, despite of the abundance of *much better* ideas and propositions by the community in order to achieve the balance desired, without destroying immersion.I saw the developers insisting that, after >4 years in development, the trajectory of grenades is not weird to be the same as projectiles(and be stopped on 60 cm walls or on a soldier just in front of you), because ""it is not easy to program"" :o.I heard the most absurd excuses about why random maps ""are impossible to implement"", while the original X-COM had them so many years ago(one of them was ""the better graphics"" in this game :o ).I witnessed the arrogance of the developers(threatening their early access clients with banishment from the forums because they did not agree with the turn the game was taking, disrespectful to straightforward insulting replies to criticism and more) and their complete indifference and disrespect to the type of game they were creating.I was given as excuse for the placement of Greece with the middle east as being ""difficult for the game code to handle it being with Europe, because there was no land connection"". It does not seem that Scandinavia has such a problem, though, despite not being connected by land to the rest of Europe(or, should I say, Western Europe, since they peculiarly decided to pick the cold war era for their game?).Realism and consistence with the time period set up was an excuse(whenever they bothered giving one) for the things people did not like as they were holding down game experience, but was never an issue when the decision was facilitating the ""development"" of the game.The game was getting progressively worst, cool features removed, flat progression inserted, the development team was obvious that they did not care at all. All they wanted was to be done with it. Believe it or not, 1 1/2 year ago, the Goldhawk owner was asking for coders for another project since ""Xenonauts was at the verge of completion"" and wanted to share the resources with other projects for cost efficiency!!This is the history of the making of the game as I witnessed it. Result?A Broken Game!The game is aspiring to have all cool features from X-COM, Jagged Alliance and various other great games of the past combined, but it fails in all accounts due to the laziness of the developers, the inexistent game design and the ridiculously high amount of bugs in the game.This game has the most historically and topographically unrealistic ""realistic strategic setup"" ever made in a strategy game.This game has the most lame balance ever in a strategy game I have ever played.I feel I was cheated by Goldhawk and I can say for certain that I will *never* buy or recommend a title produced by this laughable excuse of a company and they are the reason I will never again buy an Early access game again.I hope that this review will save some X-COM fans from throwing away their money, because the positive reviews of this game are greatly deceiving and misleading to anyone that reads them."
,Recommended,223830,25266550,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Whiteswart,"Xenonauts is all about patience. For my first hundred of hours I was just learning the ropes here... and I have nothing to say against the accusations for this game being too unfair and too repetative.Firaxis XCom with LongWar? Pff! In Xenonauts, every session is longer. It usually takes more than 150-200 ground battles in one game, (almost) no matter the difficulty level. And yeah, the variety of elements for scenery is quite low, so, while there will not be exactly the same maps - after you've play 2-3 battles on the each continent, you may pretend you've seen them all.Now, the difficulty. It feels just as in the Civilization games on the highest levels. The enemies will be doing same things way better. Progress speed, amount of units, their stats - especially accuracy - all this is certainly and clearly NOT balanced fairly.So, before any other notes, I felt I should tell you about it. You'll fall alot there. The price of every mistake is very high, yet quite often there is no other way than sacrifice some to save at least something. It hurts, but it's a war.As of the game in general, it has many downsides, and the worst of it, you can get tired in no time. Deficit-ridden budget, lame weaponry, weak recruits, freakingly low speed progress - the world is going into abyss, and it seems there's nothing you can do about it. It's that kind of tireness when you're getting discouraged and lay your hands down.So, to actually play this game, to like it at some level, you gotta be one of those stubborn people who don't know how to give up. And... read manual, it really helps!For instance, when I've found that I can form the wings of my fighters rather than send them one by one - it was so huge leap forward, that it raised up the torch of my fading interest, and I finally made it behind the first half of the game, onto Corvettes and some other serious shift.Does it feels like the old-good XCOM? More or less. The global map and strategy elements are certainly parsecs ahead of that Firaxis botchery. The air battles are almost just as good as old series... even if bugged sometimes, so ""autoresolve"" remains the best option. The ground fights, however... are certainly lacking something. If you're a deep fan of the XCom Enemy Unknown, and not the squad-sized TBS in general - you'll certainly be disappointed. Shootouts there are ten times less fascinating. You'll moving much more than shooting - only by maneuvers you'll have the possibility to even to odds. As aliens there are always the defending party - they'll know from where you're coming, they're already aimed and covered from the start. Good thing is that you can create routes, by blasting through walls, and other obstacles...Well, there are too much to say, and little space to do so. Let's summarize.Am I recommending the Xenonauts? Yes. But, there are many chances you'll not like it EVEN if you like the squad-based tactical games in general. It's not ""the way to banish boredom"", but a big, unfair challenge to save the world from killing squatting space invaders. Prepare for the worst, but try to win!As of usual marks, I'll say, 7.8/10 at current state. Would give it more, would there be less engine crushes, or more realistic background details."
,Recommended,223830,14523562,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,novocain,"Truly greattactical turn-based game. Clearlya must-haveif you're a fan of the genre!Similar to: X-Com series, Jagged Alliance series, Door Kickers, Fallout Tactics, UFO series, Deadline, Breach & Clear, Arma Tactics, and more.Xenonauts is a spiritual successor to the classic X-Com series and it does that very well. Verychallenginggame where you often need to truly betacticalin order to succeed.What's the game about?Aliens are invading and only You can defend us!.. well, something like that.What makes it a challenging game?It's incredibly easy to die, especially in the early game and you have to be careful, tactical, in order for your soldiers to survive. Don't let anyone go alone, don't rush in without cover, don't be stupid.This YouTube video has some nice tips if you need help getting started, I think that he explained things briefly but thoroughly :)https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YHJ4gqex0Ok"
,Recommended,223830,7762760,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,WIZARD OF RAP,"Did you love X-Com: UFO Defense? Do you wish X-Com: Enemy Unknown was more like UFO Defense? Xenonauts does a great job of capturing what we all loved about UFO Defense and TFTD, but like every UFO Defense clone it has missed the mark a little on atmosphere and setting. The visuals aren't quite as charming as the original, but Xenonauts is definitely top dog if you want a modern UFO Defense and blows its competitors out of the water.Edit: After the feature-complete release of version 1.0, I can safely say that this is the best X-Com UFO Defense clone on the market and can not be missed if you are a fan of UFO Defense or the genre as a whole. A must buy. This review originally had suggestions for other games to check out, but I've removed them as this is the clear Alpha Dog now - I would even be tempted to suggest this over UFO Defense itself to someone who has never played either."
,Recommended,223830,11093171,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,B-Bounce,"i realy love this game,the strategic elements and the gameplay.but its very difficult at the end, theres no time to rest. you need to use your time to do reseaches and build better equipment, or the Aliens will kick your♥♥♥♥♥out of the planet.9/10"
,Recommended,223830,17964060,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,HangryZombit,"Xenonauts is an alien fighting game where you play the CEO of an organisation outside of any secret intelligences the earth posses. You have been assigned to fight the impending invasion. You'll start off with ordinary weapons and aircraft, your only advantage is the planets atmosphere and the manoverability of your aircraft -- the aliens haven’t quite developed their ships to handle these conditions... yet.You'll manage a handful of scientists and engineers as well as an army of special forces. Bring down the ships, salvage the resources and research new technologies. Capture and interrogate the aliens to work out their motive. Stop the invasion!Xenonaughts is a top down strategy based game with a dynamic storyline; expect to do quite a bit of reading as the game progresses and you discover more about the alien technologies and the invasion in general.This game is not for people looking for something mindlessly fun and quick to play. You will need to contribute many hours into Xenonaughts to experience its full potential. It's a 'seriously-fun' game for people who love strategy and get a kick out of having full control of everything."
76561198018584919,Not Recommended,223830,10553945,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Harry the Hammer,"A few scattered ideas to sum up my dissapointment, what's not mentioned here is probably good in the game, but not enough to recommend it:GameplayThe ground combat really kills it.Seriously, the line of sight/fire issues are horrible. I like playing games like this without saving (I did so with JA2) but here, to me, it seems impossible. It's just not intuitive. If I have a soldier crouch in the center on a warehouse rooftop, he shouldn't be able to get shot by someone hugging the warehouse wall. Or all the times I've moved a heavy for a slightly better position, only to be informed I now have 0% chance to hit, or something silly like a windowpane blocking 50% of my shots and not enough TUs to get back to my original position and fire. Also, I think the entire MG spray hit chance is calculated when you fire, because I've tried firing through those silly waist high walls with screens on them that you get in UFOs, which give you 0% chance to hit your target, because I figured ok, 1 round blows them away and the rest spray the alien behind... well, no, they all randomly hit the air where the screen used to be. This stuff kind of breaks a tactics game. JA2 didn't have these issues and that was 15 years ago...Also, you can't store extra gear in the dropship. I can't be the only one who used to go back to the ship to get the heavy explosives every now & again in a difficult mission. I miss that.Mission variety:There really isn't any. I know there wasn't that much in the original game either, but if there's one aspect where I think the game could've evolved, it's this one.There was just so much wasted potential here, extraction missions, coming to enforce local forces battle lines (I think they promised a static tank emplacement at one point), pilot rescue missions, I don't know, anything?GraphicsI don't mind the direction they took or the lack of female soldier models or lots of stuff that could've been. In fact, I was pleasantly surprised by the variety of local forces and civilians and stuff, but the game has next to no animations, the characters don't sway, don't move, they don't anything. Everything is frozen until you take an action and then it's all very mechanical.InterfaceNo option to toggle off centering on selected soldiers starts giving you headaches when you have to move 10 of them through multiple levels like in a UFO or building.You can't reorganize your squad order, which is a mindnumbing oversight. I can't have No. 1 be the shield, 2 & 3 be assault and so on. Was it so hard to let me drag the ground combat squaddie tabs around?I would've preferred scroll up/down to change height levels instead of selected squaddies. I guess tab & tilda work well enough, though. You can change the key bindings but you can't bind them to scroll up/down. I guess you probably can if you  start tinkering with the game files but I shouldn't have to do that.XenopediaI generally love the descriptions in games like this, even Aftermath caught my interest with their alien types and whatever, but here, it feels too... textbook. I read all the entries but they felt dry and the attempts at humor seemed forced. There was 1 funny joke somewhere in there, though.ConclusionIn all, it's a real shame and it taught me a lesson about buying into this kind of stuff. Maybe that gives the pricetag some worth."
76561198042190570,Recommended,223830,8370559,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,acrypt3,"Absoultly THE best sequel to Original Xcom.  shots rarely hit, interceptors do get shot down, and the detail of bases and espically stats are amazing!!!"
,Recommended,223830,16970873,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Space Launch System,"Xenonauts is a quite fun turn-based strategy, closely similar to XCOM.++The A.I. is very smart on higer difficulties.++Nice 2.5D eye-pleasing graphics.++Absolutely no P2W.+Detailed air combat: Control your planes. Ability to disallow use of certain weapons, too.+Excellent cover system, akin to XCOM.+It's the Cold War: You won't have advanced weapons. This is true in Xenonauts, as you start with quite weak 1960's era weapons.+Weapon technology: Once you get more advanced, you get better weapons.+Amazing autopsy system: You can see the insides of every alien, robot and organic, and even study them.+Amazing research trees. In-depth research trees with about 100 projects to research.+True-to-the biome maps: Artic tileset on Artic biomes, Desert tileset on Desert biomes, etc.+Cold War airplanes, and more: As you get more advanced, your planes get more advanced, too.+/-The A.I. is quite dumb on Easy-Normal difficulty.-Sometimes-dumb plane AI. I had a plane circle a Corvette, not firing its' torpedos.-Crashes: The game will sometimes crash when you start a mission.Conclusion: This is my first detailed review, and I hope it's good. I cannot give enough praise for this game: it is absolutely brilliant. In my opinion, it is DEFINENTALLY worth the 24.99$.Final Rating: 9.8/10.Edit: grammarfix"
76561197998182186,Recommended,223830,11231879,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Elethio - Pixeljudge.com,"Follows the Xcom1 very closelyYes! at last a game that does it right, a worthy succesor to the origional Xcom.Its at least as hard as Xcom1, maybe harderBe warned though, even if your an Xcom pro this game is tough, I'm good at Xcom player but after 4/5 failed attempts at this on ""veteran"" I had to start playing it on ""normal"".It has some differences, but you will be glad.Despite following the origional game closely, for most of its mechanics, Xenonauts does make some minor changes that improve thinngs, stores are less of a chore (many items like ammo and standard wepaons are free and infinite), intercepts are more important and more fun, funding is more important (the old exploits won't work here).Also you will generally have to develop new strategies to win.Obviously the story is different and the techs and the style, but they are all still enthralling and brilliantly done.Just buy this now.Honestly, I can't think of a single bad thing to say about this game... although the head scientist is so obnoxious you will want to punch him, but I think that's deliberate."
,Not Recommended,223830,20368217,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,gromenawer,"I would like to enjoy the game, but it is too much infuriating. Is not angerness as in 100% Orange Juice, or when you miss a 99% shoot in the XCOM, or when the AI in the Civ games just declare war on you for no reason.This is Cat Mario type of frustration. The enemies can shoot through 100% cover where you can't. I have been shot thought wall with pistols from totally blind points for the aliens. You get one shoot kill across the map with a shotgun. You get kill by rifle fire from too far away, and again from blind spots for the aliens. I swear some aliens are aimbots inspired from the CS cheaters.The AI is unnecessarily difficult. Is just difficult for the sake of being annoying. And that is just frustrating when you play on Ironman.My feeling is that XCOM:EU was challenging, you can still make no mistake and loose the mission, but you could recover from that. In here you need to make perfect runs, with a cheating AI, and so the game become a matter of luck rather than tactics.There are also minor CTDs, and some annoying interface designs that I don't particularly like.On the bright side, the game actually nails the air combat. You can get your deploy ship shoot down if not withing timing range of your fighters, and so on."
,Recommended,223830,31147438,Posted: 14 April,all,Cpt. Rogers [DFS],"Think Xcom but the old Xcom.Then add in a few extra features and you get Xenonauts.One may look at this game and think ""Xcom with bad graphics"" in ways yes but it's the trade off.The game is far easier to change now, and you can have multiple bases it's quite nice I just wish there was more dialogue and story-telling and actual voices that would immerse the player better.The game has a small but fairly good modding community, but it's easy to make alterations yourself for simple things, the combat is a bit dinky in some regards but you can alter it to your liking in the config files. Just beware the reapers.The game is like Xcom's classical origins rather than Xcom EU, and EW as well as Xcom 2.The game is fairly expensive though for what it gives so wait for a sale if possible but also bare in mind many variables can be altered in the config files. Health, accuracy stats, weapon stats, even enemy stats too there's probably some guides out for altering these."
,Recommended,223830,23776103,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,ScottyWired,"This game is the chinese food of strategy. Ugly as hell, it's kinda hard to approach, and if not prepared right it'll make you sick. But a few awkward bites and you'll be scoffing it down.This is basically XCOM but losses feel like your own fault. The tactical depth created by line of sight, orientation, diablo-style inventory, weight and ammo management, and flexible turn-based combat means you'll be spending more time fighting aliens instead of fighting the dice.The campaign is equally deep as the combat. Rather than waiting for aliens to turn up, you must build several bases and actively send aircraft on patrol to areas with UFO sightings. The aircraft have fuel range and ammunition, as well as speed which means they might not always catch up to your target. Even the helicopter that transports your squads has travel time and should be escorted to the crash site in case a UFO shoots it down along with your soldiers.Soldiers don't have XP, but their stats go up depending on what they do. A soldier that carries lots of equipment gains strength stat and can carry even more as a result. This makes soldier rotation extra important, as you can have multiple squads en-route to raid crashed UFOs. Soldiers can be literally any role you want with how the equipment and inventory systems work (my favourite is when a sniper is buff enough to casually carry a spare bazooka. Also try riot shield + 25 grenades in backpack inventory + another 8 grenades on belt inventory. Mix incendiary, frag, smoke, flash and gas grenades for maximum tactic00l flexibility. Heck, you can even have a weaponless soldier who's sole job is to carry spare ammo and rockets).Also appealing is the hardcore Cold War SWAT feeling. Getting hit without armour usually means death, but once you nail the pattern of suppressing fire, flashbangs, and other confined-space-tactics, you'll feel like you're raiding these aliens instead of fending them off.Downsides are the learning curve and functional but slightly ugly graphics.The right way to play this game is with the Community version (opt in through beta). It's been modified and fixed up by players, and includes a bunch of essential mods by default. The map packs will save you from being exposed to the same layout over and over again."
,Recommended,223830,29343892,Posted: 18 January,all,Nilop,"Most of the people who dislike the game just complain that it's hard, but that's kinda the point.Xenonauts isn't an easy game, and that's why I love it."
76561197992206547,Recommended,223830,21278436,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,B00tsy,"I originally reviewed this game with a 65/100, but I really have to correct myself on this one.The game starts relativerly boring and basic and I based my passed judgement on that, but the game gets a lot better and strategic when you progress further in the game and when you have unlocked a lot of the technology.The ground combat in the beginning is fairly easy and you only have traditional weapons to work with, but as you progress and get better equipment you encounter interesting tactical situations with new opposition where every move counts and any mistake can be a brutal punishment that has a long term effect on your gameplay.What I especially like from this game is the scientific lore. Every new technology you recover and reseach has a very detailed background. And even though fictional the way it is explained sounds credible and makes sense. The devs have really thought about the underlying details of the technology and thats pretty cool.Overall the game has a lot more strategic depth than I originally thought (first few hours of gameplay). And the game mechanics and the AI is a lot better than I originally expected. This is clearly not a game made for the $, but made with passion and devotion... and it shows.80/100!"
76561197972276700,Not Recommended,223830,20826738,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Jock,"In X-Com, you trap the enemy with overwatch.In Xenonauts, the enemy camp the indestructible UFO, and overwatch the only door to access it.They know exactly where your team are, wherever they are. So they can sniper shot your team from across the map, way beyond the fog of war. Your soldiers usualy die in one hit, cover or not. Therefore, you often lose soldiers before you even know what you face. Lines of sight are a joke, as small obstacles likes a rock can reduce the chance to hit with a grenade, or even if you have the upper ground. Because the enemy have wall hack, the door game is atrocious. If they can, they'll open a door, shoot, then close it. You can't planify a breach like you do in X-Com.Air Game is nice tho."
,Recommended,223830,13008462,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,**$limReaper**,"Loved this - Played the recent X-COM release and that was good fun, but didn't properly recapture the experience of the original.Xenonauts is much closer to the original in my opinion, with enough enhancements in simple animations and the way the graphics have been done that if you're a big fan of the originals, this is a must have!"
76561198094230773,Recommended,223830,12548463,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,jasfmpgh,"If you were a fan of the old Xcom series, you will find this a excellent step in the series.I liked how they chose to steamline the purchasing of some of the smaller stuff. (No more having to buy every clip of ammo and every flare.)The only downside is that the missions can become a grind. (But they give you a option to skip them and still get some reward)I personally found the air combat hard to grasp, simply sim'ing it was easy enough though."
76561197992540547,Recommended,223830,11021020,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,CPT Chthonbeard the Pirate,"I'm going to start out by saying that I fully support this game and reccomend it.  Despite any and all flaws it is well worth the money.It's been years since people have been trying to bring new life into this genre.  Many sequels and clones have gone by with mixed success.  Games like XCom: Apocalypse changed the formula too much, while a good game in it's own right, it alienated fans.  Other games like UFO: Afterlight and the series tried a different approach, but suffered from clunky menus and combat felt artificial.  The recent addition of XCom: Enemy Unknown introduced excellent graphics and animations, but this hid the fact that the strategic map was dumbed down to the point that UFOs that you didn't shoot down were not the cause of missions, in fact it was possible to shoot them all down and still have missions so long as you had a country somewhere you didn't have a satalite over.  The tactical was also super simplified.  I would call that one an XCom-lite if anything.Xenonauts does not have the flashy graphics of XCom: Enemy Unknown, nor does it vary far from the original.  However it is improved from the original in many ways and is what many fans have wanted.  It could be used as another start to evolve this hard to capture genre.Once again, UFOs are the sole source of missions on the strategic map.  If a UFO is ignored, it can generate a terror mission during a landing, or build an alien base.  No longer is there effects without causes.  In fact the atmosphere of the game is even enhanced by reports of UFO activity across the globe, such as new crop circles, missing ships, and cattle mutilations being reported in areas where you cannot track the UFOs.  Also every UFO comes with a mission of their own, something you will discover later in the game.  These missions affect their behavior, and you will have to adapt if you want to control the invasion before it's too late.Many clones/sequels allowed the player to overpower the aliens far too much.  This gave the aliens the feeling of being the underdogs despite the fact that they are the ones with the technological advantage.  Not so in Xenonauts.  While the majority of the alien fleet cannot attack immediately, buying you some time to prepare, their progress is at least in part based on your success.  If you are doing well, expect to see harder UFOs and aliens sooner than you otherwise might.  This leads you to having to make tough decisions like ""Do I let this UFO perform it's missions for a while before shooting it down?""  ""Do I want to raid every UFO for the bonus cash"" etc. because doing so can speed the rate of the invasion if you are successful.  In short, go to slowly and risk losing funding and nations.  Go too quickly and the Aliens will bring their main fleet before you're ready.  Can you walk that line?Even further you are quickly forced to decide between building better interceptors or getting better equipment for your troops.  Bullets will not do for long once aliens with armor start showing up.  Some will simply laugh off sustained fire if you aren't ready for them in time.  Defense is important too, as even the basic armor could be the difference between a shot instantly killing a soldier or not.  Even here, you cannot be reactive, as you stand to lose too much.  You have to learn to predict what you will need and when, and if you are wrong, you will pay.This game is a hard strategy game.  Every decision you make will have repercussions you might not have dreamed of down the road.  Your soldiers, while they improve, will never be the super soldiers you had in other games.  Tactics will always be important, with armor only saving you from a mistake or two if you are lucky.  A skilled player might be able to forgo armor completely, though I doubt he would do so flawlessly.  I personally am almost a year into my game and I have never used combat shields, something a lot of players say is a staple in their forces.  My body count isn't that high either, roughly at about a dozen.All this praise does come with a cost.  This game does have it's flaws.  If you need glasses, or have trouble reading small print, the fonts on the strategic map will kill your eyes.  I can barely read them as it is on 720p.  It may be better on 1080p, but that's not how I stream it.  This needs to get fixed.The graphics look like something out of Fallout 2 days.  They are excellent 2d graphics, but do not expect full 3d modelling here.  They spent more of their time making sure the gameplay worked well than actually building 3d graphics.  Still if you can overlook the graphics, there is a great game underneath.The interface, while greatly improved, is still very clunky.1.  Double clicking on a soldier in the management panel sometimes takes you to that soldier, sometimes not.  It's partly to do with how soldiers are organized on the equipment panel, partly to do with the double click speed required.2.  Planes that need to be refueled/repaired/reloaded cannot have any characteristics changed.  Even their name, or loadout.  It would be nice to be allowed to change a loadout while loading the plane with ammo.  This goes double for positioning soldiers on the dropships.3.  This is also a feature easily missed by most players, as it is hidden almost completely.  Placing a button from the loadout screen for the troops in the dropship to link to the positioning would help a lot.4.  The inability to rotate the map or hide walls makes it impossible to throw grenades on tiles behind them.This game takes place in 1979-early 80's.  Some things are anachronistic or inaccurate.1.  The basic starting rifle is the M16A2, which came into use in the 1980's.  It had a 3 round burst option and 30 round magazine.  The weapon that soldiers should be using is the M16E1 which had fully automatic options and a 20 round magazine.2.  The starting precision rifle pictured is a M16A4 which introduced a modular rail system to a rifle similar to the M16A2 allowing for the addition of scopes, laser targetting and the like.  It would have had a 30 round magazine as well, instead of the 6 rounds given.  Instead they should have used the M16E1 fitted with a scope off to the side, with a 20 round magazine.3.  The machine gun pictured is the M249 squad automatic weapon.  This weapon is designed to fire ammo from a belt in a drum underneath the barrel.  It can use M16 magazines, however this is not reccomended due to severe jamming issues.  A M249 belt comes in 3 sizes: 100 round for training, 250 round infantry drum, and 500 round vehicle mounted drum.4.  Night vision scopes were around for the Vietnam war, and should be available for snipers in night missions in the game.  Full night vision goggle(s) however will not be seen till later in the 80's.  A possible tech to research and produce them would have been a nice touch as necessity is the mother of invention they say, and something to counter the alien's advantage at night would have been a welcome choice.  Night vision goggle(s) do however restrict vision, and accuracy due to the way they operate.5.  The starting grenade pictured is a fragmentation grenade.  It has a kill radius of 10 meters with an effective radius of 5 meters.  It does not do it's damage by concussive force, but by shards of metal, like bullets, flying out in all directions.  I cannot speak of how alien grenades work, but a rework of basic grenades should be in order to make them effective in this regard.6.  Flares burn can start fires easily but do not do so in game.  Smoke grenades produce smoke slowly, and will only burn your hand if you aren't wearing leather gloves.  They should not be starting fires in this game.7.  Bazookas are not easily reloadable in field.  Carrying one as a side implement should be an option for a soldier, but ammo preloaded.  The M25 rocket launcher however could fire multiple rockets, but was a mounted weapon."
,Recommended,223830,12588460,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Royial20 [TURBO],"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZKnGkCzxJ24Xenonauts: Xenonauts is a turn-based combat, alien defense simulator. You play the role as the commander of a special military force designated Xenonauts, who are tasked with the defense of earth from extra-terrestrial invaders. You’ll manage multiple bases you place on the globe, build ground and air forces to combat the alien threat, and defend humanity. Research technology gathered from shot down UFOs, and craft advance weapons, armor, vehicles and aircraft to keep toe to toe with the aliens as the get progressively tougher. Xenonauts is a fantastic spiritual sequel to X-COM UFO Defense, with the entire game playing out almost exactly the same. With that come some very odd choices.You can’t rotate the map and there are many situations where targeting becomes an issue, and a great irritation. Aliens also like to use the open and close door tactic; during the alien’s turn, they can open doors which close for them after their turn ends, this means they will stay glued to the other side of a door, come out the on their turn, take shots at your soldiers and retreat back to safety, however, when attempting this tactic yourself, the door stays open the entire round, meaning the aliens are free to shoot back during their turn. Aliens even seem to know this tactics as many times they are often waiting right behind doors, making it very annoying to advance through bases or UFOs without a guarantee of losing at least one soldier along the way, the only real remedy I found was blowing the doors to high heaven.The other unfortunate, and boring part of the game is the aircraft combat. The aircraft combat is a top-down view where you set waypoints for your ships to travel, it isn’t easy to change the flight path on the fly and the whole experience feels very slow and unbalanced, I almost always resorted to the auto-resolve, which has its own problems. When auto-resolve is at 100% it’s a guarantee victory, however, if you engage in the real time combat you can actually lose all of your fighters. On the flip side, there have been battles with an auto-resolve 0% rating but, when I engaged in the combat I was able to win. Also, alien space ships seem to have unlimited ammo while you have a very limited amount for your own fighters. The whole thing felt messy and unrewarding, you don’t get to see your ships engage in the combat other than green radar blips you see all the time, so auto-resolve seemed the best and most convenient way to deal with the aliens, this is a pretty big part of the game aside from ground combat and it’s a shame it isn’t more exciting or balanced, there’s also no way to take down aircraft without damaging it.The other major complaint I have is the lack of mission variety, crash sites are won either by eliminating all aliens or capturing and holding their ships for 5 turns, alien bases are won by either destroying the power core or eliminating all aliens. Those are the only two varieties and couple that with small map variety and the game can start feeling very tedious. Some other things felt missing like a graph for finance and approval ratings from the various countries and just some minor graphical bugs I’ve experienced.I’ve enjoyed my time with Xenonauts, and would like to see it expanded upon, with more maps, missions, added tools and utilities, and better combat and varied environments. I could go into more detail, honestly, I’m seriously happy with Xenonauts despite my gripes with the combat aspect, I want more and always have and will and the game here is very well crafted with great visuals, music and atmosphere. Thankfully there is a great modding community who may add all that I could think of in a Xenonauts game, but, in the future, I wish for the game to be successful and for more to be added on by the creators.TL/DL; Xenonauts is a great spiritual sequel of the X-Com series. If you like those games remotely, you’ll love this one. It’s heavy with atmosphere, mostly great combat, the thrill of progress and the feeling you get when you nail a tough mission with flying colors.-Thumbs up from RoyialVideo Reviews can be found at:www.youtube.com/user/RoyialNetwork"
,Recommended,223830,28698037,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,frostee,"Personally, XCOM (2012) was a let down for me. My first experience with the original XCOM (I started with terror from the deep) was the cadence of managing everything on the macro level and then getting my men mowed down by the dozen in the tactical battles but still winning it. The new XCOM is great but featured too few soldiers for me to control tactically, which kind of limits the things I can do.Xenonauts is not without its own faults, but good gameplay is not one of them. Nothing beats flying into an alien base with 9 men, splitting them into squads of 3, and clearing the base in a 3-pronged attack. The 2d art is servicable and the animations are great, and it really feels like the original XCOMs with a graphics update and a new story. And that is all I ever wanted in a new game.I'd pick Xenonauts over the new XCOMs every time."
76561198029126609,Recommended,223830,22311351,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Padishah,"If you ever wanted to play the original X-COM from 1994 without the terrible graphics or terrible UI Xenonauts is as close as it gets. This game is deeply rooted in old school style, which in turn is a good and a bad thing.It’s one of those games were you’re going to struggle a lot your first time through if you are unfamiliar with the game and its mechanics. It’s a very entertaining game but also quite frustrating and vague at times. Unlike the XCOM reboots (which are fantastic by the way) this game has far greater complexity and player freedom. The game is incredibly in depth in a great way, it’s just unfortunate it’s very poorly explained. There’s so much here that isn’t in the XCOM reboots (Or the originals). The research tree and the technology you can create are vast as well.I really loved the setting and art style myself. Set in 1979 during the height of the cold war, the setting really grounds the game.  All the technology and buildings feel realistic in their world. Even the aliens and UFO’s themselves have a very realistic feel to them. While some may not like the 2D style of the game the sprites and maps are clean and well done.  I also appreciate the increased focus on intercepting, assaulting, and salvaging of UFO’s (which is the whole point of the game and the original X-COM) compared to the XCOM reboots.  Which in those games it only happened once in a while.Regardless the game is far from perfect. As stated above the game is incredibly complex but really poorly explained. However there is a manual, which does cover some things. That and the occasional cheapness of the AI which can shoot you from half across the map at a million different directions. What’s worse is the bug that allows them to shoot through walls. The game also has some pacing issues as it can feel way too chaotic at times. Finally the RNG is just too much, seriously if you thought XCOM’s RNG had some issues you haven’t played Xenonauts.Overall good game, just not for everyone:  8/10"
76561197998675495,Recommended,223830,14599125,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Legend00 |GGA| |gdls|,"If you like the original XCOM, this is a very good game.  Very similar, with some enhancements to the UI and all.Set in the early Cold War, it fits pretty well in that setting.Most of my complaints would be nitpicky and minor.  The art and graphics are kinda bland, but do fit the 60s theme fairly well.  The invasion does seem to ramp up pretty quickly (though it might be pegged to research?), and keeping up the income and trying to expand bases is something I find difficult.Things like aircraft armaments and grenades upgrading automatically, not having to manufacture ammunition and grenades, those are helpful updates to not get bogged down in as much minor micromanagement.Now that it's open for modding, there's getting to be some good options to enhance.  The latest patch was helpful too.If you like the tactical turn-based combat, it's definitely a good game to play."
76561198007300752,Not Recommended,223830,33200573,Posted: 3 July,all,Blackadar,"This is one of those times I would love to give a game a ""no thumbs either way"" review.Xenonauts is basically a faithful recreation of the original X-Com UFO Defense from Microprose. That's a great starting point because the original is widely considered one of the best games of all time. I'm not going to compare and contrast it against the newer re-imagining of XCOM (well, not much) because there are enough people out there who have done that already. The old version, and this one, are tense turn-based titles of small squad combat against a more powerful alien force.The core of the game takes place on small battlefields (a couple of city blocks, a farm, etc.) where you do battle against the aliens in good ole' tense turn based combat. These battles are often gripping and engaging as you slowly work your way through the terrain, using overlapping fire to kill the enemy and exterminate them from the map. When you're not fighting the ground war, you're back at your base researching the alien tech, improve your soldiers/weapons, keep your group financial stable and shooting down incoming UFOs. Like the original, it's a blend of tactics and strategy that is rarely found in any title. The original is one of the few older games that - as a complete system - can hold up against today's standards. It was that good.This version adds a couple of new wrinkles, improved graphics and that's about it. As I said, it's a faithful recreation of the original game which remains an all-time favorite for me. So why the mixed review? Well, Xenonauts has a couple of massive flaws in it that any prospective buyer should be aware.1. It always seems to me that the ""to hit"" numbers in this game are significantly lower than the original. My guys spend a lot of time missing and as such I feel like I'm at the mercy of the RNG. Even well thought-out tactics aren't rewarded very well - something the newer version of XCOM does much better.2. Balance. The original game knew enough that with psionics a lighter touch is better. No one likes seeing their best troops open fire on their buddies because they lost a saving throw. These devs never seemed to learn that and so you'll find yourself constantly reloading not due to your mistakes but because they didn't properly balance some of the more annoying alien abilities.3. Bugs. Bugs. More bugs. This is the reason for my mixed reveiw. This game has always had a reputation of being buggy and sadly it never got really stable. You'll read about people having crashes. Believe it - they do and somewhat frequently. What's worse is that my entire career was ruined because the enemy turn wouldn't end on a particular map. This is with no mods either - something on that map on that turn just froze the game and there was no recovering it. Since I didn't have a quicksave prior to that mission, it was game over. I even went so far as to open up an account on the devs forums to put in a case but heard nothing. There's not really any good excuse for that. This was two years ago - and so I loaded up the game today just to see if the bug was still there. It sadly was.I'd like to give Xenonauts a thumb's up. X-Com UFO Defense remians one of my favorites. But when there's a show-stopping bug that ruins all progress in a game and the devs don't want to fix it, that's an auto thumbs-down from me."
,Recommended,223830,10864297,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,wizardovoz,"Best tacticts since Jagged Alliance 2Plus everything we loved about UFO1 and more, way more.Graphics take time to get used to though.The setting - lore, xenopedia articles, research reports - create an immersive atmosphere, even more immersive than that of recent X-Com(2012)Best thing I like is honest Alien AI - they will send interceptor patrols after you shoot down a few ships, they will counter-attack as you surround their ship in tactics mode, they don't hesitate to use grenades.Shot trajectories are in gun combat - bullets will hit obstacles and units on their way.All in all - the first game in ~7 years (since GalCiv2) that made me suddenly realize it's dawn already and I haven't slept yet."
76561197978594862,Recommended,223830,10509693,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,eQuinOx,"It's hard. It's punishing. And I love it!Xenonauts is a game where you can actually feel the domination of an alien force, invading earth. You'll find yourself in a dire situation, heavily outgunned against a technologically superior race - a situation which is well known in common SciFi movies. And you will suffer - a situation which is very unknown in common video games! You first encounters will likely end with heavy losses, half of your crew dead or critically wounded. But with time you struggle your way up the food-chain, gaining the upper hand and deliver payback!I recommend to play it on Iron Man Mode! If it feels too hard, try an easier level, but leave the Iron Man Mode activated. Yes, it is painfull to lose a good soldier because of a stupid mistake on the battlefield. Very painfull. But it's realistic and the fear for losses creates a strong bond to all your crew members! The ""Save & Reload"" tactic will destroy a good part of your game experience with Xenonauts."
76561198023453782,Recommended,223830,21740164,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Crucible (Lotta College) :(,"I lost my whole squad. It all started with a single reaper, this reaper snuck through my lines undetected, and like a whisper in the wind, snuck up on my #1 guy. This new reaper, then managed to matrix all of my bullets my men had, then infected another soldier. At this moment, my entire squad went into a frenzy of panic shots and fleeing, one my one my men either killed each other or ran right into another reaper. Soon, all I had was my last guy. I sent this last man sprinting to the chopper so I could get him the hell out of there, and when he got there...........A reaper was waiting for him.10/10 would lose my whole squad again."
,Recommended,223830,10662781,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,DIT,"If you are a fan of the old-school X-COM series, you should get this game right now.I'ts super polished, balanced, brutal, and ultimately It's a very, very good game."
,Recommended,223830,15470674,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Jrgl_Cuchallain,Very enjoyable.Only problems are (a lack of) variety in some missions and one breed of aliens that heals infinetly.Variety can be solved with mods either from the workshop or forums (or just get the Community Edition). I'd also grab the mod allowing you to breach other parts of the UFOs.Regenerating aliens would work better if their permanent health was reduced each time they were damaged (the way health kits work for humans). This may happen already for all I know.True sucessor to X-COM compared to the 'simplified' Enemy Unknown.
,Recommended,223830,14611990,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,CommissarBRO,"One of the best UFO Defense inspired games on the market. While it doesn't have the cinematic or graphical flair of the XCOM Reboot, it's layered with love, detail, and a whole bunch of badassery, not to mention with just as much punishment as any UFO or XCOM game. Worth every penny and then some. Oh, and Friendly Fire is enabled, js.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BzgBZ2w3IvA"
,Recommended,223830,7747321,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Dwarden,"Tactical Turn Based game which is very close to original UFOs yet with own 'soul' and art style ...There small design decision i don't like but i will hope developers going to address it before final release ...Definitely must to get for anyone who likes TBS games (Jagged Alliance, Silent Storm, UFO and many similar)The map and object editor and modding ability might be good bonus ...One day we may get even MP but for now the king there is UFO: TTS (The Two Sides) build 0.99"
76561197977277952,Recommended,223830,13722438,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,[DDT]Roland,"It is fun and challenging but too prone to total party wipes.This is your father's X-Com.First playthrough was Save Scum city to 'learn' the game.  Second playthrough on Ironman is going not too badly, but keep losing tons of soldiers and equipment, setting me back months and months.Needs.1) Active defense vs Psionic powers or severe range penalties to said powers.2) Had to consult wiki too much, more ingame resources needed.3) Advanced drop ships need defense vs interceptors.4) Less enemy rocket launchers, who would guard their own base with mostly these?5) The lizard aliens with the crazy regen should charge more instead of trying to ambush all the time.6) Needs a chance to run and heal someone that fell between 0 and -10 hp, putting them out of the mission of course."
,Recommended,223830,33711726,Posted: 21 July,all,Echo,"All right. This review is a long time coming. I should have written it years ago but there's nothing to do about that. I write this now in the anticipation that there will be a Xenonauts II.I played this game through to the end and I can tell you it carries the spirit of the old X-COM games, but with its own charm.What sold me on this game was the very first mission. We were in a farmland map and I heard a sound which sounded distinctly shotgun-like. None of my soldiers were equipped with a shotgun. Thinking this curious, I ordered Vasily, my Russian/Soviet soldier who was a veteran of the Soviet Invasion of Afghanistan, to investigate.The game takes place around or a bit after the time frame of the Soviet Invasion of Afghanistan, if you were curious.What Vasily saw surprised me. I know I should have expected no less, but I was still surprised when he arrived on the scene of the ♥♥♥♥ING BADASS AWESOMENESS to find a dead alien. Next to that dead alien was a local farmer. Yes, the farmer had a spent shotgun in his hands.I had to take a moment to think on this. A random farmer had bested an advanced interstellar invader. Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ the civilians you find in this game will fight back against the aliens. In fact, the soldiers of the various nations you encounter will do so as well! We all know they will not do a good job of it. What would the game be if they did, really? Yet they will do their damned best.Sometimes it will save your damned Xenonauts' lives."
,Not Recommended,223830,24921703,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Shutup868,"I'm a bit bummed about this game. I had lots of friends recommend it to me due to my love of 2012 XCOM, and even more recommend it to me after I got around to playing and beating the original UFO and TFTD. I had high hopes going in, really expecting to love this game. Unfortunately... I didn't. I haven't even finished it yet, and I don't think I even will. I've hit a wall, not due to difficulty or too many countries dropping out, but instead my own lack of enthusiasm to keep going.With the original games, the game was slowly ramping up as you made more progress and got better equipment. In 2012, it was somewhat the same, however you would reach a point where you could really stomp out the threat. I like both of these models, X-COM faces you with an always increasing danger even as you make progress, and XCOM gives you the chance to overpower your oppenent entirely.Xenonauts really has neither of these. I feel no more capable of fighting the threat with the best armor and weapons available than I do with the starting equipment, and I'm still facing the same aliens. It feels like there is huge lack of variety with the aliens, as it seems all of them were introduced before I even got the second weapon type. Even with the best armor and weapons, it still takes multiple shots to kill a single alien, while they can still kill you in one hit. The difficulty just feels completely static, the only things I actually feel are changing in difficulty are the interceptor encounters.This game really improves a lot on the original X-COM, but it just lacks the charm. I just don't feel excited to see what comes next, because so far everything that has come next has been basically the same. If you liked the original X-COM, you'll probably like this, but it's just not as charming. I'm disappointed.I've gone back and given a few more goes at the game, and finally beat it, but honestly my opinion has remained unchanged. The game is good, I don't know if I properly conveyed that, but I just can't recommend this, especially not over the original X-COM."
76561198008750465,Recommended,223830,23808906,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Shakawkaw,"OK. I have seriously mixed feelings here.I am one of those folks who spent hundreds and hundreds of hours Playing the original XCOM. I played it on Playstation, even with all the crappy control bugs it had, including the awesomeness of having your soldiers run right out into the middle of an empty area with aliens all around when you tried to end a turn.And I loved every controller-throwing moment of it. It was and forever will be my favorite game of all time.This game is essentially an XCOM: UFO Defense clone. Same technologies (laser weapons, plasma weapons, interceptors, avalanche missiles, etc.). It's almost like the XCOM universe equivalent of Spaceballs, only instead of the Force and the Schwartz, you've got Sectiods and Caesans, Elerium and Alenium, alien alloys and...alien alloys.It's virtually THE SAME GAME.Depending on who you are, that's either a really, really good thing or a bad thing. This title brings back things that made the old game feel more tactical than the 2K version like time units, rotating soldiers to look different directions, and multiple bases. It feels much more like the old Microprose game than the 2K reboots. There are some new elements like scrambling squadrons of interceptors rather than individual planes, a tactical air combat battle system that didn't exist in the original, doors on the sides of the Skyranger (oops, I mean dropship), which is nice so you don't have to knowingly unload all your operatives out the back into certain death in certain situations.It's definitely fun and nostalgic.I picked it up on sale so I'm more or less content, but in all honesty I was hoping for more originality and less blatant copying of the original format.If you pine for the days of the original XCOM and The Long War mod for the 2K version didn't tweak the AAA reboot enough, I recommend this game and give the devs props for their faithful recreation (and slight enhancements). If you're looking for a title that's breaking new ground, I would look elsewhere."
,Recommended,223830,11141645,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Dr.Daniel,"By the time of this review I have played around 40 hours/TLDR: BUY THIS GAME!The game opens with a world map and the ability to place a single base which will give you radar coverage and a few planes. From there your job is to build many bases and cover the landmasses of earth with air protection while sending out your ground teams to clear out alien crashsites and defend cities.It is incredibly deep, from the customization of each soldier which ranks up over time; to the building and upgrading of bases which have much more than just hangars for your different planes.This game also has a much richer gameplay than its more ''AAA'' counterpart XCOM albeit it does have much simpler graphics.Really the only two things that could disuade you from buying it are the retro graphics and the isometric view of the maps.P.S: This game has a huge amount of mod support and a growing mod scene with at least 5 complete mods that change completly the way the game is played and about a 100 smaller mods. It is growing everyday."
76561198102275193,Recommended,223830,24539321,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,BigKahunaBurger,"Less flashy than XCOM but with all the right stuff - I actually prefer it to XCOM, and that's saying a lot. It has all the best parts like the planning, base building, turn based tactics and air combat elements but the best thing for me is the overall feel of the game, its a good take on the alien invasion scenario with enough identity that makes it feel like more than an XCOM clone (like the setting in 1979; seeing the world divided up as Soviet Union, Indochina etc along with troop backstories showing combat experience in Vietnam/Afghanistan and the awesome music makes the game much more immersive). Basically it feels to me like Men In Black 3, MGS3: Snake Eater and XCOM had a love child.I *would* however reccomend watching a couple letsplay videos on youtube if you arent used to XCOM/turn based squad shooters, as a bad first impression can ruin any decent game. That being said the game is more than fair, one of the reasons I prefer it to XCOM is that strategy actually works, as opposed to experiencing ""that's XCOM, baby"" when the RNG decides to f*ck with you. Repeatedly.Tl;dr - a cold war version of XCOM that doesnt need to be flashy to be awesome."
76561198030374042,Recommended,223830,8968461,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,commander515,"All right, first things first; I would say (largely) discount the negative reviews. (Apparently some folks still don't yet understand how the concept of 'Early Access' works.) That being said, if you're the kind of person who might agree with those people, I would wholeheartedly recommend waiting until after development is completed to pick up (or at the very least, play) your own copy of Xenonauts. Goldhawk has been releasing updates with fair regularity, the game has been getting better and more complete each time, and they are currently very close (I'd venture to guess somewhere around 90%, give or take 5% or so) to having the game ready for its final update.Is Xenonauts X-COM? No. (Of course, if you asked me if the most recent X-COM was X-COM, you'd get the same answer. I thought Firaxis did an interesting job with Enemy Unknown, it's just not the X-COM I grew up with.) Again, that being said, Xenonauts is the game that comes closest to emulating the feel of the original X-COM that I have ever seen. There have been many, many, MANY attempts at recapturing that brutal magic over the years; many have been interesting, some even enjoyable, but none that I felt were truly close. You can tell that this game was designed by people who clearly played the original game to death. Put the cosmetic differences aside, and it still *looks* like X-COM, and it *feels* like X-COM.In its raw, unmodified state, the game is difficult - I'd even be willing to say brutally so. (I personally went to the trouble of digging into the data files to give myself a bit of a New Game+, just so I wouldn't lose entire funding regions within the first hour of play. Oh yeah, btw - this game is moddable. The data files are somewhat dense, but with some time and effort, you can modify quite a bit.) The original UFO Defense experience of having troops plasma-blasted to death instantly upon leaving the transport can and does happen. Also included is that feeling of finally having a leg up on the initial alien opponents when you research better weapons and armor - only to have a whole new group of enemies show up and proceed to lay waste to your crack troops with the same level of ease. The UFOs will have an even bigger field day against your interceptors if you let them - they get progressively bigger and nastier and will seem to simply shrug off hits from even your biggest guns.The graphics, while not nearly as rendered and flashy as Enemy Unknown's, are still a huge leg-up from the original game's, and the interface is familiar without being clunky. The game's 1970's Cold War setting actually plays well with the alien invasion theme and helps many of the other design decisions and features to make sense as well. Almost everything that makes up the base of this game has been pulled almost directly from the concepts behind the original UFO Defense, from the basebuilding, tech, and tactical mechanics to the enemies and the weapons. Yes, the UFOs and interceptors look unique and different, there are more types of armor and weapons, and some of the aliens look different and have unique names - but Enemy Unknown did much the same thing, albeit to a lesser extent.Xenonauts really shines in the areas where it makes improvements on the base gameplay from the original game. Air combat in Xenonauts is how air combat in Enemy Unknown should have been - interactive and fully tactical. Just like in the ground combat missions, what happens to your aircraft is entirely on you - make a mistake, and your planes will be shot down, potentially leaving that region of the world defenseless against the next alien attack. Xenonauts also improves on the tactical missions by including local armed forces on the ground combat maps, a genuine cover system, and more transparency in exactly how your troops' physical skills improve at the end of each mission.This game is definitely worth picking up if you are a die-hard fan of old-school X-COM, or if you just like deep, challenging strategy games in general. Oh, and did I mention that you can mod it? Just imagine, an X-COM-like that you can customize to your own liking. Make it easier, make it harder, make it so you can sell alien corpses to museums - whatever you like. It can be done. Remember, with your help, Earth CAN survive the alien invasion! Now get out there and do your part, soldier!"
,Recommended,223830,23342920,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,SteelPrincess,"As for as XCOM knock-offs and/or remakes go, this is one of the best... if not the best. If you enjoyed the original XCOM (or UFO Enemy Unknown) series, you'll love this one."
76561197970133766,Recommended,223830,13498092,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Chema_cagi,"Don't be fooled by the simple looking graphics from the screenshots: few games offer such a great deal of entertainment and deep gameplay as Xenonauts does. If you enjoyed UFO/X-Com as one of the best games of the 90's, then THIS is the remake you always dreamed of. If you didn't play UFO/X-Com, then what are you waiting for? :). None calling himself ""strategy gamer"" should miss it. The guys of Goldhawk Interactive have retained and enhanced the original deep gameplay and excellent progressive flow of game from the original, one of the best all-time game designs.Manage your squads of marines and learn to deal with unwanted casualties; intercept flying UFOS all over the world; research and craft captured technology from crashed or captured UFOs; defend cities and your own bases...A final recommendation: from the start activate the ""Community Edition"" version of the game (easy instructions found on the game launcher). It enhances the gameplay and fixes some minor glitches.And a tip: try to build at least 2 bases from the start ;)"
,Recommended,223830,9710253,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,B-Mo,"At this late stage in development, it seems that most of the game is pretty much settled, but they're still working on the balance, so if you want the perfect Xenonauts experience I'd recommend waiting for launch day.Xenonauts is staggeringly good.  It is absolutely a worthy successor to UFO, and far superior to the new XCOM.  If you like this type of game, there's no reason not to buy Xenonauts."
,Recommended,223830,11395325,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Lv. 1 Weedle,UFO crash landed in Middle East. Al Qaeda helps me defeat them. 10/10
76561198049693001,Recommended,223830,12340495,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,pseudocoder,"A great remake of the original X-Com.  Use strategy to defend Earth from invading alien ships by building bases, radars, aircraft, and weapons.  The success of your defense efforts determines how well your program is funded as the game progresses.  Research new technology to keep up with the increasing intensity of the invasion, and to understand the aliens' plans.  Secure landing/crash sites of alien ships using your Xenonaut team(s), which plays out in a turn-based tactical style.This game has a lot of deep strategy elements to it and is done in a cool retro art style.  Not graphically the greatest game ever, but it is well executed and has compelling gameplay."
,Not Recommended,223830,13819085,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,SWFanatic,"As a veteran of X-COM UFO Defense, Terror of the Deep, Apocolypse as well as the more recent remake XCOM Enemy Unknown/Enemy Within, I was very excited to play this.I just finished it on Normal difficulty and I have to say I'm disappointed.While its extremely faithful to the original (UFO Defense) and improves several things which I'll list in a bit, this iteration did not have the same charm as the original. While the finale was abrupt just like the original, it offered even less closure if thats possible.The gameplay was very similar to the original.PROs:-Riot Shields offered new options for troop deployment-Weapon diversification worked very nicely. In the original you could easily get by with everyone just using rifles.-Some UI improvements-Research flavor text was amusingCONs:-Manually controlling the interception portion of the game wasn't fun. I wound up auto-resolving all of them after some time.-Music was atmospheric like the original, but wasn't as good. Some parts were extremely noisy and hard on your ears. Yes its supposed to be unsettling but it was almost painful.-Time period: While an interesting idea I don't think it did enough with the concept. It was basically just a different art style.-Lack of psionic attacksA nice change of pace from the original...but not one I'd play again.What I wanted was just the same X-Com UFO Defense with a better interface, and this failed to meet my expectations.But if you enjoy UFO Defense, theres no reason you won't enjoy this.I'm just disappointed it didn't offer more.6/10"
,Recommended,223830,10470841,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,wozron,"Do I like Xenonauts? Yes.Do I recomend Xenonauts? If you've played XCom: UFO Defense/UFO: Enemy Unknown, Jagged Alliance 2, Breach and Clear, Silent Storm, or the new Xcom, and enjoyed it- you'll like Xenonauts.Every update adds not only features I'm used to, but new features that streamline and improve the experience.At the time of this writing, I'd say that the game is probably a year off being pretty much complete, but the current level of development is impressive. I'm looking forward to the final product, and have absolute belief that it's going to be one of the deepest and most compelling games on the market.EDIT: Final product review, 07.OCT.14.Xenonauts has turned out to be everything I'd hoped for.This is the true spiritual successor to Julian Gollop's genre-defining UFO: Enemy Unknown (AKA XCOM: UFO defense). There were only two games that ever perfectly demonstrated the potential of the turn-based tactical genre- Jagged Alliance 2 and UFO: Enemy Unknown. These two pillars of the genre are now joined by Xenonauts.The grand strategy? It's there. The micromanagement? It's there. The research and development? It's there. The tactical challenges of storming a crashed UFO full of very hacked-off aliens with plasma weapons? Oh, yeah, it's there.If you're a 'thinking' gamer rather than a twitching gamer, this is a game that lets you sink into the role of planetary defence coordinator. Hours can slip by as you arrange UFO interceptions, juggle base creation against reserach and development, and weigh up airstrikes on a crashed UFO against sending in recovery teams.I cannot recommend this game highly enough to the grognard-type gamer who wants a deep gaming experience without interface complications. I honestly place Xenonauts in my top ten games of all time- and I've been playing computer games for thirty-five years.Bravo, Goldhawk. Bravo.Here's hoping you make enough money from Xenonauts to buy the rights to the Jagged Allliance IP and treat it better than the last mob of semi-competents.The last feedback I can give is to comment that it's a little jarring to have female special forces soldiers in a game set in the 70's/80's, but I'll take a little Sarkeesian-mollifying Social Justice Warrior history revisionism if it means I get to play a game this good."
,Recommended,223830,34378395,Posted: 20 August,all,Skel1,"Brilliant game. Comparing it to xcom/xcom2 directly, xenonauts has more strategic depth in the geoscape layer that shapes how the mid game will unfold. End game in xenonauts is similar to xcom/xcom2 in the sense that you will end up with a squad of elite soldiers with beefed up gear that will lay waste to most enemies.Where xenonauts lacks is the graphics (the 2d graphics are just retro and not stunning), and story telling. It's basically the same story as the xcom series, only its in written text, no OVAs, cut scenes, or voice acting. Not a huge deal but it makes the game feel like ""fighting aliens because you can"" rather than a story driven campaign like most games at this price point.The difficulty in xenonauts might be a little much for some people. It's less difficult and more punishing. One wrong click and you can see multiple squad members get killed from off screen enemies in one turn.  Save and save often. I'm not sure how ironman could be possible because of the RNG and brutality of being in the wrong place at the wrong time.Over all though? This game is brilliant. Seriously 8/10 easily. It's strategic, it's tactical. Once you get past the learning curve it's engrossing and intense."
76561197966302456,Recommended,223830,16117729,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Edge_Stormcrow,"If you're ok with running a whole agency and doing squad based missions this game is for you. If you dont want to manage a bunch of cash, buildings, personnel while inbetween, carefully attacking any alien ships you shoot down to loot them for technology. Then go for something a bit faster paced. This remake has a slower reward system more like the older xcoms than the new ones.As a fan of around 1000 hours of the original Xcoms on floppy disk and finishing my first game (and loss) of this new Xenonauts i can summarise a review of it as: Quite good.Cons :Clunky UI at times, world map is not always smooth to navigate around.Isometric engine is a bit clunky and cant change angleMaps are not radomised!  unlike in the original (a tiny Xcom coding team accomplished that 20 years ago)Open Xcom (is free) and might be viable within a year (maybe?)Pros:Despite what the devs claim, this certainly is a clone of the original Xcom: UFO defence. And a good one,Music is spooky, the ambient sounds.. are spooky. Artwork, is awesome. The graphics look dated but the style is consistent and feels like you're running a secret agency during the cold war.streamlined features like not having to re-buy ammo for standard issue equipment after each mission you send your poor troops on.Overall:Great remake, makes you think and the game depth gives good immersion if you have the time. Interface is a bit clunky."
,Recommended,223830,10997377,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,RurouniJones,"The true spiritual successor to the fabled original  UFO: Enemy Unknown from 1994While the recent 3D XCOM: Enemy Unknown by Firaxis was a decent game in itself and has some great ideas it was very limited (Or ""streamlined""), especially in terms of the strategic side of the game where things like base building and base missions were markedly absent (And the scripted one from Enemy Within doesn't count :p ).This game has it all, I cannot see a feature missing from the original game that is not implemented in this one. Think the 1994 version lovingly re-implemented with modern tech and a fun little UFO interception mini-game.There is also some great writing in the research reports etc. which give character to otherwise static screens.Downsides? The graphics are not great (But then you do not care about that do you?) and the tactical map selection can be limited. There is a solution to the second issue in that this game is moddable and there are already map-pack mods out there to increase selection.Im summary: The main thing is... I actually feel like the boss of an organisation dedicated to protecting humanity from the Aliens and making tough decisions rather than a spare tyre like in the recent remake.Massive thumbs up."
,Recommended,223830,10770731,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Maniac,"""If something isn't broken don't try to fix it.""This is it, guys. IT.The one X-Com we all deserved but never got. Until now that is.Xenonauts has everything that X-Com had plus fixed problems of the original.If you are a fan of original X-Com and currently in doubt, buy it.If you are a fan of a new XCOM, buy it and get enlightened.Anyway, just buy it, it's one the few games worth every e-coin of yours."
76561198004130332,Recommended,223830,10867694,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Trav8826 (Anierin),Very much the X-com of old. True to the original game series. The main campaign is challenging.
76561198026564874,Recommended,223830,20712149,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,milknorf1469,"Xenonauts is a very fun, but very brutal game, much like the old X-Com games.  The video sums up my experience with Xenonauts in just a few seconds. Expect to die, a lot!https://youtu.be/fzL3nWnGpbY"
,Recommended,223830,32658421,Posted: 22 June,all,mrrbatty,"Can't reccomend this enough. Really good game for XCOM style players, or any players who enjoy strategy. Very simple and easy to get the hang of. Definitely reccomend, especially for the steam summer sale price."
,Recommended,223830,2674803,"Posted: 2 June, 2013",all,Shagrost,"Это как окунуться в детство и снова играть в самую любимую игру, только кто–то заботливо учел все твои детские замечания и добавил в ремейк. Это как снова поверить в чудеса, увидеть то, что такое действительно случается - истина где-то рядом, победа над капитализмом, песнь о человечности и человечестве. Доработок невероятное количество, новых фич множество и я с трудом удерживаюсь о том, чтобы не рассказать вам о паре десятков эпизодов произошедших в игре, которые впечатались в память своей яркостью и неповторимостью. Рандомные евенты, воздушные битвы, в которых вы управляете сквадами истребителей. Отдельно необходимо отметить великолепный игровой дизайн. Игра года для меня уже сейчас."
,Recommended,223830,7342316,"Posted: 8 October, 2013",all,Flying Shisno,"Xenonauts started development before XCOM: Enemy Unknown was even announced to the public. It aimed to be a modern day remake of the original 'XCOM: UFO Defense', also know as 'UFO: Enemy Unknown' in Europe.Xenonauts has stayed true to the original, plus expanded on it. Everything that was great about the original XCOM is here and even better. The UI is very nice and clean, Air and Ground Combat both feel great, and base/research/production management is very fun as well.Edit 1:Now that the game is released, I can finish this review. From when I first made this review, there's been quite a few changes and much balancing, which made an already fun TBS even more so. My only real complaint is that the soldiers stat generation has had its minimum lowered, so when starting a new game or recruiting a new soldier, you often get soldiers with annoyingly low Time Units(TU for short).The only saving grace is that they changed how much TU's shooting costs. Instead of a flat number, it's a percentage of their max TU's. This means that no matter how few TU's you have, you can still rally off as many shots as a high TU character. However, movement TU cost is still a flat number, so low TU will greatly restrict how far you can go, and if you want to shoot and move, you'll have a hard time with low TU's.They also nerfed some of the armor and the shield. The shield is the biggest in my opinion. I used to love having two soldiers with shields, but with its small nerf, they start to become a liability far sooner than before. There IS a shield upgrade, but you get that option LONG after the first shield becomes a liability. Doesn't help that they nerfed the pistol pretty hard too.With the release version I tend to drop the shield pretty quickly, and I rarely use the pistol due to its poor accuracy and range.Anyway, enough with complaining. Despite the whining, this game is still incredible. If you like XCOM and/or Turn Based Strategy games, then this is definitely a game you'll need to pick up.Edit 2:I made a mistake in the first paragraph. Xenonauts wasnotannounced before XCOM: Enemy Unknown."
,Recommended,223830,7776940,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Dapac,"[Edit] Just started playing the release version (1.0), and it`s really awesome [end of edit]I enjoyed Fallout 1,2 and tactics in it`s day, spent a few hundred hours on Jagged Alliance 2 (still an amazing game to play now). That being said, Xenonauts is an awesome love game that is just satisfying to discover and strategize with; The game does a great job at simulation what I see as key elements in defending Earth;At this time the game is still in Beta, I played version 19 stable, a few months (hopefuly) before release. I fully recomend purchasing this game even if it never develops beyond this stage, you will get your entertainment`s worth if you like this genre(I played more hours of this than Diablo 3); (but it`s being built very fast and very nicely so don`t wory about not being developed);Now, if you never played any of the titles writen before, but want to tryout this ""turn Base"" simulation thing, I recomend you search 1 2 youtube videos to be sure the art style, animation, and isometric perspective is something you like; It`s not a big budget AAA title, and they made a clear choice to invest a lot in gameplay and replayability rather than eye candy;If you`re coming here out of the latest Firaxis X-com titles, I recomend you really give it a try! you may sometimes miss the flashy animation, awesome explosions and gorry deaths, but the strategy is much more seducing!Good luck defending earth!"
,Recommended,223830,10454857,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,HAIL SATAN,"Hell yeah! They got this right. If you liked the original X-Com this is where it's at (the Microprose one, not the Firaxis one). Three tentacles up!"
,Not Recommended,223830,14608581,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,BCGaius,"I never played the original XCOM; despite that, I love the genre, and played more Fallout Tactics and Chaos Gate than I care to think about, as well as more modern games like Silent Storm. This is to say that I'm viewing Xenonauts on its own merits and not colored by any association with its spiritual predecessor.There's a lot to like here, and some parts of this game I'm really fond of. I like the setting, with retooled F-16s and MiGs giving things vague Independence Day vibes. The strategic game is fun, establishing bases, managing personnel and research projects, and dispatching interceptors to engage UFOs. Some might find the micromanagement of every soldier and every F-16 a little fiddly, but I enjoy it. The overall atmosphere is intriguing and the basic premise of defending Earth from alien scum is a classic.Unfortunately, that's where the good ends. Manual air combat is lackluster, feeling unresponsive and offering few options other than to bring more firepower to the table and win the resulting slugging match. This is only a minor complaint, however, as it serves its purpose and air combats can be autoresolved if one wishes.Ground combat is where I was truly disappointed. Again, I don't care if it's ""faithful"" to a 1994 game or not, this game came out in 2014 and those are the standards I hold it to. At first glance, it seemed a little reminiscent of Silent Storm, with action points (TUs) and Snap Shots, Aimed Shots, Bursts, etc. It lacks Silent Storm's depth, however, and yet also somehow manages to exacerbate Silent Storm's worst flaws of unfathomable line-of-sight/vision/detection rules, a tedious RNG overwatch system, and an AI which knows just how to exploit both to maximize player frustration. Added to this is a downright awful movement system, which punishes you for any kind of movement and making many tactical maneuvers virtually impossible.My favorite moment thus far is when I was stacked up to assault a downed UFO's cockpit. Because of the frustratingly punishing movement/TU limitations, only my two soldiers immediately on either side of the door had enough movement to open the cockpit doors, run inside, and still get a shot off at the occupants (grenading was impossible, both because of the way the doors were set up and the even MORE punishing TU requirements for grenades). I had to make sure they ended their turn at the doors in order to get a full turn's movement the next turn, meanwhile, the rest of the squad covered the door from behind cover elsewhere. So, naturally, during the AI turn the aliens pop out of the cockpit to take a shot and then pop back in, Silent Storm style. During one of these, one of my guys gets an RNG interrupt - which I have no control over - and unloads his machinegun... directly into one of my stacked-up assaulters, despite being BESIDE the door, out of the line of fire! KIA.Maybe the game is going for some kind of wacky ""Haha, see how many hapless idiots you can turn into cannon fodder"" theme, but the detailed service records explaining that my soldiers are Soviet VDV or British SAS with combat experience in Northern Ireland seems to undermine the notion that my soldiers are supposed to be high-mortality idiots intended to be thrown at the aliens like disposable meat shields.I like that the strategic layer and overall atmosphere of the game are so much deeper and more intricate than the new XCOM, but the tactical gameplay is so painfully backward that it drains any real fun from the experience. Masochists and 1994 nostalgists might get a kick out of it, but anyone else is advised to just go reinstall Fallout Tactics or Silent Storm instead."
76561198093236160,Recommended,223830,12600938,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,Gustavinho inho,"Great strategy turn based combat game, maybe the best I've ever played, mixed the turn-based combat and the world management perfectly, loved the game art, the best so far, being realistic, well made, and full of details, I wouldn't say it is a remake of UFO: Enemy unknown, I would say it is a improvement.10/10PS: Wouldn't a smartphone version of this game be perfect? Think about it, it's got everything it would need."
76561198068248157,Recommended,223830,12862073,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,~A,"This game felt like the original. Very good graphics and gameplay. I was very impressed by this game, much better then other clones like UFO Extraterrestrials or the new X-Com: Enemy Unknown. I would give this game 9 out of 10."
,Recommended,223830,23818184,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,✿qndrch✿,"This is honestly what I expected the X-Com remake to be, and was disappointed that I didn't get. It's a tasteful homage to the originals, with an art direction all its own. The developers have obviously put a lot of thought into making a beautiful and fun game. I like it a lot 11 hours in, and I can see myself sinking 40 more into it.""Meh"" things:The combat is a bit simpler than I like in my TBS games. I feel like they could have worked in more complexity to movement/posture/aiming (like JA2 did), and come out with a more engaging, tactical game. However, it's still a step up from the remade X-Com, so I won't nitpick here too much.The maps feel a bit same-y after a few battles (crashed spaceships are generally in the same location relative to your skyranger).Don't be dissuaded, though - this is good stuff. 7/10 or so."
76561198080589268,Recommended,223830,10499344,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Mcgogan Lives,I love my team of Xenonauts more than I love my own family.10/10
76561198008109819,Recommended,223830,2486558,"Posted: 12 September, 2013",all,OzoneGrif,"An UFO / XCom remake, it's very addictive!Is it better than the new XCom Ennemy unknown ? Yes, definatly. XCom EU is decent. But Xenonauts has a much deeper gameplay in both the strategical and tactical areas. Victory is also a lot more gratifying.If you liked XCom, you must try this.And if you like the game, there's a Community Edition available in the game's properties -> Beta. This community improved many aspects of the game, and it's even more amazing !I wrote a guide for it, take a peek if you're curious:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=743694417"
76561198125811717,Recommended,223830,26299794,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,jpardilla,"Awesome!  Xenonauts is an incredibly clever and rewarding game.Great game mechanics, streamlined micro-management and wonderful  60's type of artwork.Tough strategic and economic decisions await you:  should you build one more base to save Australia or improve your existing ones?  Hire more soldiers or modernize your jets?  The combats are very,  very challenging:  if you rush,  the aliens will wipe out your best teams, those it took you weeks to promote to majors. And you will lose money, and you will lose continents.On the down size, the repetitive, corridor style combats in the alien bases.Superior to the XCom series, which has its own merits,  Xenonauts is the proof that you do not need 3D or fluffy animations to create an enthralling and wonderful game. Oh, and I love the map and the passing of time idea!"
,Recommended,223830,29212072,Posted: 12 January,all,Vladkins,10/10 Spiritual successor to xcom+ Immense variety to settings and battles+ Huge amount of customizations+ World map/building HUD well done and is intuitive+ Long end-game with a feeling of progress from day1 to day100- Polish missing
76561198179519129,Recommended,223830,20768475,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,sbpublic,"I simply love it!Was a huge fan of the origial xcom (enemy unknown), which was my fav of the original series.And finally a worthy successor of it. Of course it's not state of the art graphics, but it's a perfect balance between building, planning and fighting. Took me a bit to get into it, but now I can't leave my fingers off it."
76561197960803042,Recommended,223830,20769554,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,coffee,"A worthy remake of Xcom: UFO Defence.This game fixes all of my old annoyances with Xcom: UFO D, and has the same great flavor!  Mmmmm, tasty.....I would purchase this game again, and i know i will get many more enjoyable replays out of it!"
,Recommended,223830,10524395,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Cyriel ᛭ᚲᛃᚱᛁᛖᛚ᛭,"It's a winner. Doesn't even slightly joke about being a better version of the groundbreaking classic that was Ufo Defense (or X-com, depending where you're from)It takes all the good things from that and innovates on them, making it a better version of itself. Currently as of writing this, there's still a tiny few bugs around, but no gamebreaking ones and judging from the awesome support for the mod community so far, this one is gonna go long, and stay high up for a very long time.If you've never had the chance to play the original X-com, this is your shot, and highly reccomended at that."
76561198018695455,Recommended,223830,10429684,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Godzilla_IE,"First Mission was a Total Wipe,2nd Misson only 2 soldiers survived,I've lost 2 Interceptors and civilians are being picked off world wide.And it ain't even the end of the first month.And I have loved every painstaking second of it.This is the natural successor to Old School X-ComSo glad I got this game, just sorry I didn't get it sooner.Heading back to try and salvage the planet.i don't expect to succeed."
,Recommended,223830,8147418,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,ChrisLarr19,"9/10This is what the most recent XCOM game should've been - a turn-based, squad-focused tactical game with a good strategic layer. Not that XCOM wasn't good, but that's an entirely seperate review. The game plays like an updated original UFO game, and this game is a must-buy if you loved those games. Excellent replayability.Deducted a point because some of the missions/maps are quite repetitive, given enough time."
,Recommended,223830,7955500,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,medic,This is the game XCOM: ENEMY UNKNOWN should have been. The game is more true to the XCOM series and is a blast. Great strategy game that can be challenging but rewarding as well. Game is still a little buggy in its current state but I'm sure it will be fixed as it approaches release. 7/7 stars.
76561197993499401,Recommended,223830,30522972,Posted: 15 March,all,Moondoggie,"Xenonauts is basically a faithful remake of the original classic Xcom (not the recent new Xcom remake by Firaxis). Now if you played and loved the classic Xcom, you will definitely love Xenonauts as it plays almost identically like the classic (with some improvements). If you've only played (and loved) the Xcom remake, then be warned, Xenonauts plays very differently. I personally found the Xcom:EU remake annoying but loved Xenonauts, so i imagine those that loved Xcom:EU might find Xenonauts frustrating.If you've never played any Xcom before, then the game is probably only recommended for those who love a 'hardcore' turn-based squad-level strategy game. The game has a base-building resource management strategic layer, but the real meat of the game is in the tactical combat. You will be spending hours fighting battle after battle, poring over each squaddie's movement and facing, trying to flank enemies, agonizing over decisions to rush troops in the line of enemy fire, or taking risky shots with allies in the field of fire etc. If you don't enjoy tactical squad combat, then you won't enjoy this game. Take note, you WILL lose soldiers, don't get too frustrated over that.I completed the game on normal mode. Had to reload the game a few times due to some stupid tactical errors, but i didn't find anything to be too unfair/punishing. I don't play ironman on the first run-through cause i want to make sure i can reach the ending and i don't want to waste time constantly restarting. The game can get a bit repetitive  and 'grindy' in the later stages but taking my high leveled elite squad to the final battle and practically breezing through with almost my entire squad surviving and escaping was pretty satisfying.The only cons i have (other than slightly grindy later stages) would be the boring air combat system. After a few rounds of air combat, i resorted to just using auto resolve as i didn't find the air combat particularly engaging.Overall i enjoyed the game. I especially loved some of the improvements over the classic Xcom:- More organized squad equip/management with ability to customize your own soldier roles/class- A handy line of fire indicator so i know what objects are in the way- A nice suppression fire system (suppressed units cannot take reaction shots and start with only half TU's on their turn)- No more hunting the last alien hiding in some basement somewhere. Mission ends if you clear the UFO of all enemies for 5 turns.- if you are bored of sending your troops on ground missions, just airstrike UFO's from the air for some cash."
76561198080123570,Recommended,223830,31983181,Posted: 26 May,all,willsama974,Thought i reviewed Xenonauts a long time ago...A must have for any turn-base/party-base lover!The different layers of the game require a few hours to be mastered.The overall feel and depth of decision making are impressive.The ground combat requires strategy and patience.Quite an enjoyable trip!
,Recommended,223830,18798642,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,L.exe ッ,"Hardened Veteran Machine Gunner: misses alien standing in front of him after firing 10 roundsRookie Pistoler On Other Side of Map: takes a pot shot, instakills alien10/10 would RNG again"
,Recommended,223830,8994364,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Acetabularia,Probably the best remake of the 1994th's X-COM: UFO Defense I've played so far.
76561198128943133,Recommended,223830,25412893,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Equinox,"It's quite an okay clone of the original 20th century X-COM games, but it doesn't really do a very good job of capturing the original game's flair. Also, the impossible difficulty is really impossible here. I like to play on the hardest game setting, but the extent of the enemy superiority on impossible in this game is really frustrating.Still worth playing, but I'd probably wait for a sale."
76561198118875502,Recommended,223830,10713024,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,beatlesbaxtor,Great game for those who loved original X-Com.
76561197988763469,Recommended,223830,10228046,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Eagle,"Similar to X-Com, but with updated graphics and some more units. Quite hard game, some maps may be repeating, but worth the buy.So far I like this game alot.8/10"
76561198011582886,Recommended,223830,10688447,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,tragicjoker34,"So far, this is a very faithful revision of the original X-COM.  The difficulty is very rewarding, and the game is quite engrossing."
,Recommended,223830,20945637,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Trar [99th Calzones],"Full disclosure: I'm writing this review from the POV of someone who's certainly heard of but never played any of the Xcom games before starting this one.Xenonauts is a strategy game where you command the titular international military group tasked with defending Earth from alien invasion in the late 1970s. It's supposed to be a remake of the original X-Com set during the Cold War, and as far as I know it's a pretty faithful recreation right down to the battlefield, base placement and troop equipment micromanagement. It seems deeper than, say, the newer XCOM series, not that that would make the newer games bad.For me personally, it feels more like a classic Doctor Who serial without the Doctor or indeed almost any sense of optimism. (It doesn't really take advantage the fact that it's set during the Cold War - often you'll have NATO and Warsaw Pact soldiers working together in the same squad.) This game can be pretty brutal at times. The only thing that will save you from the nasty, aggressive aliens is attacking them wherever it's advantageous to do so with maximum firepower, then stealing their stuff so your scientists can reverse-engineer it into evenmorefirepower.I quite like it myself, and it's an impressive indie effort, so I'd say it's good...but given its problems it's just a little bit shy of 'great'. Let's hopethe sequelwill be great.My other observations:Air combat is ""aces"", perhaps the best expansion over the original X-Com, though it's 3v3 max and takes some getting used to. Make sure you don't insta-deploy to the first sight of UFO activity before formulating some sort of tactic for the situation, and make sure you know your aircrafts' limits before sending them out to fight.Breaching downed alien ships can become tedious - the devs should have added back doors, side entrances and/or destructible hull points to at least some of them. You pretty much need explosives, shields and/or expendable soldiers because at least some of the aliens will have holed up inside and theywillshoot the hell out of your troops.To my understanding, the original X-Com eventually gave you tools to counter psionic attacks and develop your own. Xenonauts doesn't seem to give you anything of the sort except letting your braver troops/those who survived previous psychic attacks resist them more effectively.Bullet trajectories aren't really modeled past your units' line of sight, from what I can tell. If you fire on where you know an alien is, but the alien is out of your LOS, it won't do anything unless you use projectile weapons such as rockets.Lines of sight themselves can be weird. Soldiers seem to have a difficult time throwing grenades over objects, but alien forces seem to be able to see your forces often before you can see them.Workshop support is truly this game's saving grace. There's already a number of mods that try to fix what I've described above.I would say this is a rather rough but ultimately enjoyable game for people who want a no-holds-barred slugfest with MiGs and M16s against invading aliens. It's certainly smoother around the edges for people who don't want to play the original, which is more than 20 years old at this point. It also seems more grim in tone than the original, but that could be just me.The prequel novella included with the game is good, at least.Two tips. Alien activity is punishing here, since they love to screw with humanity and since every violent act you fail to stop drains your support and therefore funding - this means air superiority is key. Get at least 3 bases up ASAP and make sure they cover at least a decent portion of the map. On that note, MiGs and enhanced torpedoes are some of the most important research projects in the earlygame, followed shortly by dropship tech. You can usually pick and choose where to send in the troops, but you need to be able to match your enemy in the air war ASAP. Noticing a pattern here?Also, ground combat is usually challenging to the point where you want to avoid night missions until the lategame, and start avoiding industrial areas around the midgame. Automatic weapons in close quarters and dangerous enemy types that run up in your face mean things will get very messy. Of course, if that's what you want, don't let me stop you from staging Stalingrad With Aliens."
76561198093755637,Recommended,223830,15136147,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,SSJ2 Gundalf,"What an amazing, remastered UFO: Enemy Unknown!At least that is what I want to write as a first line, but that won't be fair for this game. This game is more than just a remastered restart - it is more like ""take the ol' game, ged rid of everything anoying & add some cool stuff"" and well, it paid of!I wasn't playing this game for a long time, I didn't even finish my first full play ('cause of Long War mod in XCOM: Enemy Within) but still, I am going to recommend this to everyone, who cares about some good ol' strategic games. This game is more like a chess - you must think twice before you make a move; if you won't, your soldiers may not see the end of the day.Also beware, that this is an indie game. Graphic is not a concern here. For everything else - 9.5/10"
,Recommended,223830,12284819,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Sgt. Pepper,"To put it simply, Xenonauts is an oldschool remake of the classic X-COM. And that means it retains the brutality of the original while still being incredibly fun to play.The graphics, while somewhat cartoony in places (notably cars) serve the art style well and convey the message of grimness throughout the game.Sound is fine, but some noises I found hurt my ears with headphones. Other than that not much of note aside from the good soundtrack.UI is somewhat complicated but easy to learn, while providing most of the vital information to keep your guys from not dying a horrible, awful, painful, and plasma-y death.Gameplay, the big G.It feels like X-COM. Not in a shoddy knock off way, but in a ""The devs knew what they were doing when they made this glorious game graced by the almighty Gaben himself"" way, complete with Time Units, Panics, and a boatload of potential ways for your poor plasma sh-err great soldiers to die. This includes fully playable air battles (which I recommend autoresolving for the most part), terror missions, abductions, and my love/hate favorite, the classic base defense.Have I mentioned how hard the game is? It is pretty difficult, but if you have played X-COM style games before, you will know what you're doing, but still get completely and utterly pimp slapped if you act like your soldiers are Rambos and Rambas.All in all, get it, or get plasma-ed."
,Recommended,223830,12358762,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Hansag,"Exceptional game with both depth and replayability.The level of detail in the game is really enjoyable, as is the novella that comes with the extra material.It's a very worthy revamp of the spirit that one might have feelt playing the original 'UFO - Enemy Unknown' (XCOM) in the 90s...It's a lovely game and I both hope (and imagine) would be enjoyable to play even 20 years from now."
,Recommended,223830,11093870,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,|NK| Kain,"Rarely do I drop cash on a game when its fully priced. But with Xenonauts I broke that trend, and the defilement team deserves every penny. The game is a brilliant spiritual successor to X-Com. It has its improvements over the original games, however any seasoned veteran of the games will be able to take to this as if they were right at home.The new and improved air combat system is also a welcome addition. Though at times it can seem a bit dumb, having to micro your ships to fly directly at the enemy ships is a bit weird (when you click on them they adjust to their flight path but that's rarely what you want)I would suggest anyone who lives X-Com buy this game. If you don't like the originals however, this game is not for you. It is every bit as difficult as the originals and every bit as nail biting."
76561198017681447,Recommended,223830,20669664,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,ferretsrule,"The original X-Com was pulled into a time machine and this is what came out, if you want deeper strategy, base building, and loyal human soldiers dying by the truck load fighting an alien invasion then get this!Pros; More micro management of resources, technology and building. More than one base, build as many as you want so long as you have the money. Air combat mini game against those pesky alien UFO’s. Send down bucket loads of soldiers down to fight the alien invaders (as not all of them are coming home). A longer prolonged campaign that can be drawn out.Cons; No streamlined and snazzy graphics. Can sometimes seem overwhelming management wise for those not into deep and heavy strategy gaming.I liked it, thumbs up!"
76561198005215786,Recommended,223830,13317337,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,WollieG,"This is by far the best ever replacement for a game like the first XCOM (enemy unknown) game of the 90's.I am so glad another group tried a game like this and made a BIG success of it. Guys keep it up and bring us more and even better games like this. YOU are the next guys people will remember for 20+ years and talk about you if you carry on bringing out games like this and with the quality as well. Your games were more stable in Beta than games that come out as final release versions. I am so sick of developers and publishers pushing out bugged games and make us the giune pigs to sit with all the bugs. Well done guys, you are an example of how it should be done."
76561198041505078,Recommended,223830,13022682,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,questknight12,"I played the original UFO defence back in the grim and dark days of the mid and late 90's.  This, is what X-COM should be, should have been, not the flashy remake Sid Mierer's did.  For me, that one was all show and no go, even with the expacs.  This however, feels like X-COM, and I am fighitng for my life as hard in it as I was in UFO Defence.  This is what I remember, the fear, and, the fustration."
,Recommended,223830,17891496,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Snuggles,"I missed out on the delight of XCOM in my youth, and the modern incarnations never grabbed me, however this game has been fantastic and I have already sunk plenty of my time into the vanilla, community edition, and CE modded versions of the game. I highly recommend playing the Community Edition over standard release at this point as the community has created about the best version of the game that can be made.I would recommend this to anyone who enjoyed the original XCOM, or missed the boat and wants to see what the fuss is about. Warning: This game is pretty difficult, and so far I have yet to muddle my way through a full campaign on normal. Though I play on iron-man, so it's difficult to tell how well I'd do save-scumming. If you're unsure, check out some videos or take full advantage of the refund policy - but don't let this one pass you by if you like the idea of defending against a cold-war era alien invasion."
76561198045428155,Recommended,223830,13177088,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Gorgon,"If you love XCOM you should already own this.If you don't love XCOM (like me) you should own this anyway.The game is extremely satisfying when things go your way and very infuriating when♥♥♥♥♥♥goes down the drain.10/10 would die to save humanity again.P.S you should upgrade to the community edition as soon as you get this game, as there's more content."
76561198039365733,Recommended,223830,34594694,Posted: 29 August,all,natto fire,"While I think Firaxis did a great job with their version of this series, Goldhawk knocked it out of the park. I love everything about it, and am looking forward to progressing further through it. It feels a lot less on rails and as open as Microprose's magnum opus."
76561198006937497,Not Recommended,223830,12281044,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Karede,"Play balancing has a long way to go in this game before it will be worth playing. Don't buy it until they have released a few patches to fix it. Alien psychic abilities are way too powerful and you have no way to defend against them. Expert marksmen will miss more often than not, even with a high % chance to hit. And the worst (possibly a glitch, I'm not sure) is loading a saved game only to have the situation different than when you saved. The worst example, in my own experience, was when I had cleared an alien base. All except the last room. (the command room) Decided to take a break, saved my game and exited. When I came back and reloaded, suddenly my troops were surrounded by aliens that hadn't been there when I saved. I couldn't continue the fight because my soldiers were automatically killed every time I reloaded. This and a number of other balancing and glitch issues make the game no fun to play. A perfectly good playthrough can quickly and easily be ruined by bad code and balancing. Hopefully they fix these things soon because the game has promise, it's just not where it should be yet."
76561198026848095,Recommended,223830,28301028,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,Malice,"This game piggy backs off of x-com a lot, obviously; but it sets itself apart in its own way as well. It is substantially harder than the original x-com, as well as having a deeper more interesting story. I liked this game a lot."
,Recommended,223830,11230815,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Grim Victor,"This game is very much indeed a true remake of the true x-com series.It gives you everything X-com 1 have, and adds in alot of the features from the new x-com aswell.Also they have improved the story setting aswell as making the game userfriendly.Also vehicle section is more thought around, than in the original series.Graphics, ambient sounds and all, are very well done.Did I mention that the story is very well written?Only downside I could find, was that I could wish for more research and maps. But I recond that will be added later, or through mods. Could be me that is being picky, its around 40ish researchable things or more. But i want more.Highly recommend this game over the new X-Com. The scale of the game gets into its true form since its not for the x-box."
76561198002264700,Recommended,223830,15232617,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Ekkoe,"I'll try to make this simple for you.Liked the original X-COM: UFO Defense? Then get this game.Never played the original X-COM: UFO Defense, but enjoy turn-based strategic games like Chess, Jagged Alliance, etc.? Get this game.Liked X-COM: Enemy Unknown (2012) but felt it had flaws in terms of strategic depth? Then get this game.Liked X-COM: Enemy Uknown (2012), but thought it was too hard? Don't get this game.Thought X-COM: Enemy Uknown (2012) was too ugly? Don't get this game.You're looking a very fine turn-based strategy squad base assault with base construction elements. It's slow, even a little dry sometimes, but definitely atmospheric. You'll need some wits and a whole lot of patience, but damn is it rewarding.Especially recommended for those who liked the original X-COM, because it is basically the remake we hoped we'd get in 2012.It's easy to compare XCOM:EU to Xenonauts, but it's also a little unfair: EU tried to do something new and accessible, and actually delivered quite well. In fact the only real complaint I had with the game was that it had bad support from devs, but that's because it had a console release and those don't patch easily. Regardless, Xenonauts comes out on top easily compared to EU, simply due to the superior basic design which was, for the most part, copied from the original XCOM.Some significant changes from the original:- Interceptor battles are now a mini-game with significant depth. An auto-resolve mode exists, but it is now actually a fun and worthwhile strategic element of the game (well beyond rock/paper/scissors);- Troops can now easily be organized by class equipment sets;- Workshops aren't profitable! Money management is very tricky;- During combat, HUD/Interface changes allow for easier troop and time-unit management;- During combat, obstacles are calculated in an intuitive and accurate way (something that looks to use virtual voxels to calculate whether the line of fire is obstructed. Very effective!);- There are now shields, which have 80HP (compared to a soldier's average starting HP of around 50) and can be combined with a pistol or a stun-baton;Etc.Concluding, for those familiar with the original XCOM, this is an interesting alternative frmo one perspective, or a viable upgrade from another. Personally, I consider it the latter.I score it 8.5/10 and consider it one of the best games I've ever played, notwithstanding the fact that it doesn't have the virtue of originality. Nonetheless, its execution is extremely refined and it's gameplay is enormously interesting."
76561198007186688,Recommended,223830,13270741,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,RubyMagic,"Amazing!Look no further: this is the true heir of the original UFO Enemy Unknown.Pros:Great tactical actionDetailed soldier statsMedals!Intuitive and effective gameplayCons:Civilians move during ""alien turn"" !?Local force do not share intelligence, it would be nice to see what they seeMexican army: after 2 months, my team is half Captains and half Lieutenants!Overall: 8/10"
,Recommended,223830,12984552,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,(TTT)Shrek296,"I will start by the negative then lead to the good.At first my men were falling like flys, I was losing parts of the world so fast that my bank account for my funding was in the red 10 days into the new month, all in all I was not having too much fun my men all ways seemed to drop their weapons on the floor and run or turn and shoot their fellow man in the face. All in all I was getting bored with this game and was going to mark this up as another wast of money spent.BUT!I decided to give it one more try, I restarted the game and this time looked and making more bases, my team I always made shore one of my team was at high rank so the rest dont spazz out and that I have a hell of alot of saves as i go through a mission.All in all this game turned from a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ to a dimond I have had so much fun and am so glad I gave it a second chance, I like the over all line of the tec and the building of items/bases but was a little♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥with the ending they could of made that a little more better easly or left it open don't want to go to much into the ending becasue of spoilers.Has a feel of X-Com but feels alot more like UFO, all in all liked the game and will keep an eye out for more of Goldhawk games."
76561197998455554,Recommended,223830,10515843,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Oldmanfang,This game is worth every penny. This feels like Xcom of the 80's did. And now I'm hooked.
76561198038510748,Recommended,223830,7930186,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,[tc] Bas,Original Xcom 2013 remake- 'nuff said
76561197993586897,Recommended,223830,10659484,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,zpeed,"Alkuperäsen X-comin ystäville, Suosittelen!"
76561197998632660,Recommended,223830,29051746,Posted: 5 January,all,Kimberlee,I was pleasantly surprised how much I enjoyed this game.  I will be telling my friends how much fun it was.  I would suggest this to anyone who wanted a great turn based stretegy game.
76561198030991577,Recommended,223830,4030752,"Posted: 6 July, 2013",all,Old Man Henderson,"This game is tons of fun, however it is quite difficult but very rewarding when you manage to pull something awesome off. It should be mentioned however that at the time this recommendation was put out the game was still in development and is not perfect."
,Recommended,223830,17586986,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Rogueboy,"I had been playing this game for a while and always enjoyed it until I saw that there was the community edition, I've always been a fan of playing Iron Man mode (Can't undo your actions IE: if your trooper died because you did something stupid so be it.) However I noticed that the amount of BS in the community edition is ridiculous; I've had the enemy shoot and kill me from inside their spaceship. yes the door was open but there was still a wall seperating, I've grinded one of my guys to have 80 bravery which is really high and still get mind controlled. I've missed 95% shots more then 5% of the time only to have their retaliatory shot kill the trooper hiding behind two rows of cover. Those frustrating moments drive a man crazy, however I still really like this game and recommend it to anyone who wants a challenge and enjoys turn based X-com style games."
,Recommended,223830,11298871,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Slide,"My life disapeared into this game. All I can think about is how to stop the invasion. Maybe new armor, maybe a better fighter jet... Tanks, I need tanks..."
76561198065840991,Recommended,223830,10522750,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,bigbearboy144,"The best darn $25 dollars I've spent, easily. Originally, I'm sure the developers thought they were making a xcom clone, and to be fair, they've tried their damnedest to do just that. But just playing 70 hours before its release, I can say they've made a true game, worthy of its own merit, with no need for the acclaim that comes from the backs of giants. You get what I'm saying? I don't think Chryssalids anymore, I think reapers. Sebilian and Caesan role off my tongue more easily than sectoid or mutan (whatever its called).Xenonauts is a true alien invasion simulator, with all the inherent learning curves and complexity therein. You pick the placement of your first base, and go on from there, with some great tooltips for your first time round. Speaking of which, you will fail. Try as you might, there's a detail you overlooked, and you'll have a base attacked and destroyed by the aliens, or your chinook will be shot down after taking out an alien base. Something will happen. And you'll want to keep going. Not immediately, you understand, you build sentimental attachments to your crew, but after a while, you'll get than xenonauts itch."
,Recommended,223830,11328666,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Flibedi-floob,"214 hours.It took me 214 in-game hours to beat this game.It was boring and tedious, it was a constant wading through a full hoard of bugs, and in the end this game became a chore.That's my experience with this game.I never want to see this game again.However, this is a good game.This game is a full-on realistic approach to an alien invasion scenario, that blows both the original X-Com and X-Com: Enemy Unknown out of the water. Once it's done, it will be awesome.I say ""once it's done"", because this game was released back when it was very much still in the beta stage. That was a year ago, and the dev team is still working diligently at fixing both bugs and crashes to this day.I got stuck having to play the ""legacy version"", with half of the sprites for the endgame missing. I cheated by increasing the game mength to a 200 hour marathon run, and I also had to restart the game 2-3 times over because I was still playing the beta....so I both love and hate this game. You will love this game.Just don't forget to save at least once before and after your every turn."
,Recommended,223830,11492617,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,jonathan.a.roberts2,"because of this i spent last week like it was a full time job getting about 40 hours in this game, my sleep has suffered severely for it, as i already have a full time job.10/10, im not going to sleep tonight to play it some more"
76561198058193391,Recommended,223830,12461123,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,egc,"Great remake, of a great game! love it :)"
,Recommended,223830,32964363,Posted: 28 June,all,Eleanor Amaranth Lockhart,"If you love XCom, you will enjoy this game. Pouring hours into it is very doable as my play count shows. It is HIGHLY fiddly and replicates the older XComs far more than the current Firaxis series - not because of graphics but because it doesn't handle as many things automatically as the new games do. I highly recommend installing the Community Edition and mods (although be aware that they will not function on Linux/SteamOS)."
76561198090336857,Recommended,223830,12295907,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Doke,"Brutal, old-school xcomesque with a nice retro look. My only criticism is that it can become a bit of a grind as the game progresses."
,Recommended,223830,34550507,Posted: 28 August,all,bjornmarekmaguyon,"This game is great and you developers must make Xenonauts 2 better than Xenonauts.This are my issues when I play the first Xenonauts:1.When throwing a grenade it creates a fire rarely killing some soldiers2.Lack of UFO variety3.Needs more kinds of aliens4.Needs more kinds of armor and weapons5.Soldier stats need to be better because...best soldiers only allowed on the Xenonaut Program!!!6.Better AI needed7.You need a better engine for this game but you listened to the other people who complained and you awesome devs used Unity for Xenonauts 2 and that`s better8.Lastly Xenonauts needs to be realistic like having a memorial for dead soldiers,more medals!,add more types of weapons,etc and don`t make community eddition because the realistic it is the more other people is more likely to play this game.I recommend to you readers to play this game!!!:<"
,Recommended,223830,28361209,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,Blast X Blast,"In my opinion, OpenXCom is still the best planetary defense game out there, followed closely by Terror from the Deep. Now with that said, Goldhawk has done a better job of capturing the magic formula than anyone else. In fact, no other X Com clone comes as close to perfection as Xenonauts. Needless to say, I cannot recommend Xenonauts enough. Not only is it a far superior product to the newer X Com reboots, but it's the greatest planetary defense game since X Com Apocalypse."
76561198030718686,Recommended,223830,14654779,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Heimdall,This game is the remake of our beloved X-com that we've been waiting.-All the things I always felt X-com was missing this game has in spades with a nice shiny art style in beautiful 2D sprites.-The game has sounds and a soundtrack that help build up tension while your troops on tactical missions that keep you hoping the next corner is clear as you round it with just enough movement left before that soldier is stuck.-UFOpidia? Perfectly done and a modding comunity has crafted addons that will further expand upon what was presented in game if you desire more.-Greatly expanded air combat gameplay where it is its own mini game if you wish to skillfully down higher grade craft not to mention you can reasurch far more aircraft than any other Xcom style game that I'm aware of.  No more T1 fighter then the T2 late game and T3 is an all in one transport.. now you have many times more to choose from and they are rather role specific which keeps them fun and interesting as you realise you're not doing direct line upgrades but rather expanding your arsenel with something that tacles a new role.-Body armor?  This game decided that each new suit of armor shouldn't nessisarly replace all prior armor but again fits a nice role so you might wish a few of each suit type if you want to take full advantage of their skills.If you enjoyed any of the X-com games and even the most recent you will find this game by far the best X-com like expirence you have ever had.  With a modding comunity adding more content and regular patching still streaming in I can easy recomend this game to anyone who enjoys this style of game.
76561198032284512,Recommended,223830,15056564,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,MrrX,"Why, yes, this is XCOM.   Faithfully recreated and ready for play on a modern computer.     As addicting as ever.   Buy it now.    Yes, now.    Pay full price too, the game is that good."
,Recommended,223830,16212224,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,🔴🔵🔴🔵🔴🔵,Very good game for strategy buffs!
76561197963369280,Recommended,223830,24397380,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,equus,"A worthy successor to the XCOM crown, albeit substantually less glitzy than 2K's reboots.Still, an enjoyable way of killing a few hours and proof that catching a retro feel doesn't need pixel art style graphics"
,Recommended,223830,15009226,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Avenger,lasers flyingsaucers floatingsoldiers shooting ♥♥♥♥♥♥s going down.10/10 would be royally outnumbered and underfunded again.
76561198117663057,Recommended,223830,22800942,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,highfivenumber5,"Xenonauts is a great game. I can't stop playing it! The old school XCOM buffs will love playing it for sure.Xenonauts also runs great on my Linux (Linuxmint 17.3) Windows 10 and Window 7 computers. The game play is very stable without the mods on Windows 10. And I have yet to crash it in the 75 plus hours of game play.There have been allot reviews and Youtubes on Xenonauts game play. All I can say is the game is to tough to beat on any setting! The Steam Game tips at the link below are a good read for starting points for new players.Critical -- I built three bases to begin with good coverage a cross America's, Midlde East and Soviet Union. Make sure the bases give good worldwide fighter coverage.Critical -- Get the aircraft reseach going right away. Build hanger bays and if you have to BUY more fighters do it !  (I use six bays per base.)Critical -- Once the game starts it is a race to to research, build aircraft, build facilities, build or research weapons and armor. If you don't the enemy will over take world countries, bomb cities and then you will lose funding which will end your career as a commander. :)There are weapons which will take the enemy down in one shot! But it will take time to aquire and finish the reaseach! Once you have the right weapons both air and ground battles move right along. :)Tips at the link.https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=286493811T/C  :)"
76561198035450493,Recommended,223830,23678816,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,JII,"This far out performs XCOM and even the newest ones because of its depth of play and unrelenting difficulty to survive.IF you are up for a challenge than this is your game, if your up for replaying the same level 3-20 times to get it right this is your game. IF your up for replaying that same level 20 times and you still can't do it without losing 2-3 squad members thats pretty much the best your going to do.The only drawbacks, if you pick up alien weapons you can use them but with huge penalties and they dont go to your inventory which is strange. And the explosives I wish the C4 got more powerful because honestly levelling buildings is entirely too fun."
76561198053351617,Recommended,223830,5639781,"Posted: 1 September, 2013",all,Quill,"If you like a turn based strategy game this is one that is still building, but quite good.If you have played X-Com: UFO Defense this will bring you back to the old days but with a new refreshing twist and more to come."
76561198050304016,Recommended,223830,10526114,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Mr. Poopy Butthole,"This game is everything I could possibly want in a game. Awesome turn based squad battles. Alien invasion storyline with an X-Files feel. Base Management. And you can name your soldiers whatever you want!! I have been waiting for a game with turn based squad battles like this since Warhammer 40,000 Chaos Gate, a DOS game I played as a kid. This blows the new XCOM games out of the water and into dust. Buy it, Play it, Love it!!! Its freaking great!"
,Recommended,223830,10527288,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Krager,Bloody awesome game well worth the wait. If the game comes across as too hard then buy a 360 and hire a carer :P
76561198032686314,Recommended,223830,10744515,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Landgreen,"if you loved the original xcom games, you will love this."
76561198023780806,Recommended,223830,9484544,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Liarzax,Do i recommend this game?100 Percent YES!
,Recommended,223830,10709876,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,The Mangineer,"While breaching a downed alien ship, one of my soldiers fired a rocket directly into one my rookies, turning her into a fine pink mist.10/10"
,Recommended,223830,10736771,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Canuck-Errant,"It's just like I remember X-COM: Enemy Unknown (Microprose) - lots of rookies, endless death. It's nice to not have to manage ammo and other consumables after they're available, but on the other hand I can't pump out laser cannons to fund myself forever either."
,Recommended,223830,10504190,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,SalsaDoom,"Its like the original hardcore Xcom games, if you liked them but want something a bit more modern than this is your ticket. If you need the graphics and whiz-bang from the new Xcom, you won't like it. If you need the tough strategy and challenge, this is for you."
,Recommended,223830,7890115,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Chilly Zane,"Best game ever. It's a remake of XCOM: UFO Defense/ UFO: Enemy Unknown, the classic strategy game from 1994. It's pretty much a perfect recreation with pretty new graphics and some updated gameplay mechanics that in no way intrude on the classic formula. Buy it. BUY IT, BUY IT, BUY IT, BUY IT, BUY IT, BUY IT, BUY IT, BUY IT, BUY IT, BUY IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,223830,10993094,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,(O)RE,"The old-school X-COM project has been reborn. The developers have made a nice effort, giving a fair gameplay, nice graphics and textures and lots of in-game details.If you have played the original X-COM (specially 1 & 2), you may not get the same feeling of excitement, but that doesn't mean that this game is bad. It's very close with these original ones."
76561197994724680,Recommended,223830,10425145,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,RabidXdog,"Has everything that the Firaxis XCOM is missing.  It brings back the true challenge of the original while updating the graphics.  It is just enough of an upgrade to not ruin its nostalgic effect.  The random terrain and extreme difficulty are the high points for me.  Lots of nice touches that improve on the original, like armed NPC assisting you in city fights."
76561198001320631,Recommended,223830,10473985,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Cruentus,"Beginning with the conclusion: If you enjoyed the original XCOM, buy this game immediately. It is a faithful modern remake.It is not precisely the same--and every single change I have noticed is for the better. It provides additional control over some matters (such as UFO interception) that used to be purely automatic. Conversely, it automates some matters that used to be purely tedious, e.g., you are afforded an infinite supply of conventional infantry equipment. Like the third game, Apocalypse, you can view soldier stats prior to hiring. Like the original, soldiers are likely to die in one hit before you develop new armor, while aliens are noticeably resistant to less than concentrated fire. An ""airstrike"" option lets you deal with crashed UFOs when you cannot afford to send in the ground troops, and still nets a minor gain.Comparing it to the AAA title is more difficult, as it has virtually nothing in common with that that it does not have with the original. The graphics are modern and pleasing but most resemble higher-resolution versions of Apocalypse's sprites, maintaining a mildly retro feeling.  While soldiers have ""roles,"" these are less classes and more changeable, customizable equipment loadouts, allowing you to quickly change equipment according to any established preference. Soldiers gain stats with experience, but do not gain unique skills."
76561198025625270,Recommended,223830,25853644,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,xterminal86,Good XCom clone.
76561197970504316,Recommended,223830,12144380,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,dzz,"If you liked original X-COM, you will like this; it is almost exactly the same but with a much nicer UI.The cold-war setting adds an interesting flavour, and the overall feeling while playing is very tense. There are a few minor bugs I've noticed with the UI, but nothing showstopping.The only weak points I see are that the tactical locations are all very similar - they're using prebuilt tile maps and not randomly generating locations - it breaks the immersion a little bit when you  realize you've played the same map on a previous play. The dog-fighting mini game isn't very fun and you don't seem to gain anything by not using Auto Resolve. The Civilian AI could be a better too, as they seem to just run around in random patterns without any real objective or tactics. Keeping yourself in the black seems a little bit too difficult as well - but they provide full modding ability if you want to tweak any of the games parameters to tune the difficulty.Those points aside, I really love this game. I enjoy approaching it like a roleplaying game - naming all my soldiers and coming up with Cold-War-Esque code names for my bases, dropships, and vehicles.Highly reccomended for fans of deep strategy or tactical games."
76561198045051480,Recommended,223830,12216994,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,ghostknight,"The game I've been searching for ages. Since 2000 there has been so few of these really. Original X-com but updated. I've forgotten how much fun it is to individually equip tens of soldiers. Ground battles are as dangerous as they should be, air battles are innovative. Reminds be a bit of star wars rebellion space battles which was an excellent concept. But it's faster and more exciting.Realism is there and it's not been sacrificed in order to maintain game balance. Your tank is cheap and overpowering. If not very accurate. I've yet to discover many aspects of the game, I'm not googling stuff to gain advantage so I don't want to share my other guesses about the tactics. I might be wrong after all.There can be many additions for the game and from the start screen I understand that it is highly moddable. Which means a high replay value. I'm sure modders will add many fascinating stuff.In short, I highly recommend if you are a turn based strategy fan. If you are new to the gendre you might find it a bit old school but trust me, you will love it after you spend 15 mins in your first pass and will want to start again the game.It's not for casual gamer obviously. Even though it's not very hardcore, you still need some time to go through all the way and you need to be a patient wolf. It's not a fast pace game."
,Recommended,223830,12298164,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,SniperwolfHD,"Highly enjoyable and even unforgiving. The only thing I didn't like was the outcome of the last mission, but it was bad decisions on my part, not the game's fault. Worthy of the money and with great replayability."
76561198045935900,Recommended,223830,9665698,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,EGC | Marvin533,"Epic game! Its so fun, cant wait for the full version!"
76561197993641269,Recommended,223830,18673282,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,orwellianbob,Its good now that it is finished. If you liked the original Xcom you will like this.
,Recommended,223830,19866306,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,LÆXE,Best X-Com like game that has been released after MicroProse went to better hunting grounds.The only one that trully offers original gameplay feel where improvements have not ruined the formula of what made those games xcom.Excelent graphics and lore.Perfect time to buy this to play it before XCOM2 comes out.
76561198012375658,Recommended,223830,20450884,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,joebrookesmith,"As some one who has never played the original xcom: ufo defence, I can thoroughly say this game doesnt just try to capitalise on nostalgia. It is a brilliant game in its own right. I would recommend it for any hardcore strategy fan. It can be very unforgiving and will punish sloppy commanders in both the overall strategic conflict and in the combat missions themselves. You need to stay vigilant as you are truly fighting a superior enemy. The atmosphere and aesthetic is very interesting and while the graphics wont blow you away, there are some really nice renders with some lore which create a good picture in your mind of what you are facing even if the little models of the aliens and men arent very detailed in combat. The music is also nice and eerie when you have to face the enemy or soars when your interceptors thunder towards alien craft to shoot them down. The combat itself is tactically very satifying. It has lots of depth and once you take the fight to alien bases and they do the same to you things really start to get interesting. I have many memories of individual missions and the stories that unfold in them. The heroic rookie that pulls of an unbelievably feat of bravery and kills the last few aliens even as his comrades' bodies grow cold around him. The time when I dropped my rocket launcher at the other side of the map coz my man got wounded and then had to hoof it all the way back because i had cornered an alien commander and i was♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off and wanted to blow his♥♥♥♥♥to xeno hell. The bunch of ill prepared and under equipped soldiers who fended off an attack on my one and only base. There are plenty of moments like this. Buy it...and suffer! In a good way haha"
,Recommended,223830,19392881,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,sovetnik,The first thing you ask - how this game compared to the XCOM:Enemy Unknown/Within.Answer: For me XCOM:EU vs Xenonauts is like Conchita Wurst vs James Hatfield.P.S. I like Metallica more.
76561198006802285,Recommended,223830,18541609,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Malicious Cat,"Do you want a game more brutal than X-Com? Do you want a tactical game where you make all the choices? Do you want to have a mission, everyone dies but doesn't destroy your game?This game is for you! Xenonauts has been around for a while and it is aging well with the mods making it better.  The best example being is the improvement in lore and the extra explaining the progress in the game for both you and the aliens.This game is basically the remake of the original X-Com, you control everything in your base which you NEED to control, not to worry about petty stuff like fuel, food and who got friendzoned by the hot accountant.  Instead your job is to control the men, control where to defend, who to send, what weapons given, what research to look into, what to invest, airpower, tanks or infantry equipment and where to even locate your base, 2nd and if able your 3rd.  Aliens come in a variety of ways, while the early game is somewhat bland, you do face 2 types which require certainly different tactics. Things will pick up in the mid game and things will get much harder, crazier and you will be expected to win. When Aliens begin to have the numbers, they will strike you back and destroy your base if you are not careful, soldiers are the key.This game is hard, on any diffulty expect to lose men and women left and right, many will not survive the hordes of Aliens which will be BRUTAL AND UNFORGIVING. You will make bad decisions, you will falter, you will be blamed for things out of your control. But Xenonauts are responsible to protect the world. Also General of the Xenonauts Program. Good luck."
76561198121262312,Recommended,223830,18796078,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,daniel.n,"If you liked the original X-Com you'll love Xenonauts, it perfectly captures the feel of the original game."
,Recommended,223830,20279384,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,THE MIGHTY GALVATRON!!!,"Xenonauts is a strategy game that closely follows the original X-Com:UFO Defense in which you order a team of people who should never hold a weapon to kill or capture aliens in order to turn back the alien invasion. It feels like they took xcom and refined the UI and controls to make it less tedious and 'mis-click' prone, you don't have to build alien containment chambers and there's less chance of you making your solider move unintentionally. There's also a more in-depth interception mini-game that involves manuevers but I'm terrible at it.But yeah if you like UFO Defense get it, or if you like the idea of UFO Defense but those early 90's style of gameplay don't appeal to you get it."
,Recommended,223830,21941928,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Lethena,"It's a less graphics driven but more open world version of xcom. I enjoyed it, but never got very far because I'm a masochist who only plays these types of games on ironman. But I hate myself. You would probably enjoy it if you liked xcom and aren't a masochist in regards to games. Give it a shot."
76561198007685072,Recommended,223830,21596707,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,furznichrum,UFO as it should be!
76561198051068683,Recommended,223830,21809480,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,L7Hachi,"If you loved and still love the original ones, then this game is for you. It is basically a version of UFO: Enemy Unknown for the present day. UI and game mechanic has been enhanced and after playing xenonauts it's quite hard to go back to the original one. I never really liked the new XCOM: Enemy Unknown and much as the original ones, since they had the feeling of freedom, that new ones lack of and had not been restricted as much with choices."
76561197966574902,Recommended,223830,10510417,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Noonelivesforever,Old school turn based strategy game for X-com fans
,Recommended,223830,34559180,Posted: 28 August,all,fimblestien,"Coming from XCOM: Enemy Unknown, Xenonauts makes it look like babytown. There's so much choice in all your decisions ranging from the way your base(s) is designed, to the way your troops are organized on your dropship. The lack of almost any handholding can make it a little daunting at first, but launch it up on easy and try and fail a couple times until you understand it. A really solid in depth entry to the turn-based-alien-killing-world-politics-simulator-game-thing"
76561198000799485,Recommended,223830,34607519,Posted: 30 August,all,Guiltyboy,"Xenonauts is, imho, a way superior remake of xcom if you compare it to the firaxis version. I should also note that contrary to the later one, it runs very smoothly on my personal (toaster) computer.Ending the suffering of my favorite team of 80's sci-fi spec-ops space marines via suicide bombing, while the poor souls are being overun by alien embryo-inseminating♥♥♥♥♥♥monsters, is always a blast.10/10 game, will despair again.Nice work, devs !"
,Recommended,223830,25275417,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Jexter,"Very good remake of the classic X-COM: UFO Defence. Better in all ways. I especially like the new approach to air combat: you can manually command up to three aircraft in an air battle. Offcourse, the air battle is 2 dimmensional, but it better then the system in original game.Also there are good mods from Steam Workshop - try out the Community Mod."
76561198022611941,Recommended,223830,13837512,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Caramelle,I love this game.  It's pretty much the classic game childhood super detailed strategy game I always wished I had.
76561198030925872,Recommended,223830,11308887,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Orb the Loremaster,BEST GAME 2014
,Recommended,223830,10624938,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Saxony,"Save the planet from evil alium zionist lizardmen and their puppets.More in-depth and way more functionality/customization than X-Com.A must buy for any X-Com fans, or anyone who really likes squad based tactics in a turn based game.Soldiers like to friendly fire a lot if you're not careful and aliums can spawn around your landing-craft so check yourself before you wreck yourself."
,Recommended,223830,12755623,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,liamcole99,An awsome strategy game. i suggest playing if you liked X-Com. well worth the cost.
,Recommended,223830,11120470,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Barundar,"This is classic XCom.  It takes all the elements of the classic game, plus some new features, and recreates the feel of the original XCom game nicely.If you ever played the original XCOM and are looking for an updated version of it with that same look and feel... this is it.  It looks and plays the same, everything you remember is here, you don't even need the instructions.... UFO Spotted.... get going!"
76561198013882260,Recommended,223830,14615720,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,ShrapnelGrant,"Not played much, already love it. i didn't get to play the old school Xcom games but i did play Enemy unknown which i like very much. and this game feels much better in depth. the music, art work and simplistic graphics are very nice."
76561198025168883,Recommended,223830,14391013,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,[Cash.net] Daemonis,"In XCom Enemy Within, you're the sucker at the roulette table until you learn how to rig the wheel.In Xenonauts, you're a newbie dealer at the blackjack table, rigging the cards from the start, but your opponents are super-human card counters.As of this writing, the only issue with the game is its nasty habit of butt rushing you with RPG-wielding aliens in the end game."
,Recommended,223830,14424929,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,ItsAllstar,"If you ever played and enjoyed the original XCOM then Xenonauts is pretty essential while if you played and enjoyed the XCOM reboot 'Enemy Unknown' then Xenonauts is still worth looking into.In many ways this is the spiritual sequel to the original XCOM and while I can understand that it may be too 'hardcore' and intimidating for alot of people I still believe that anyone who enjoyed the XCOM reboot should still give it a shot. It might end up being too much for you to take in, or it might prove to be too difficult  but I'm pretty sure that you'll enjoy the process of discovering that because it scratches the same itch in so many ways. The base grounding of knowledge that you'll have from Enemy Unknown will also help you bed in gently as alot of the systems are very similar, it's just that in Xenonauts they're also that little bit more indepth.Steam Workshop support was recently added and already there have been mods uploaded which add even more variety and quality content to the game and I'm sure that in time that content can only grow.In short. Xenonauts is smashing. Give it a shot if you like this sort of thing. It was without doubt one of my games of the year 2014"
76561198020643592,Recommended,223830,14371970,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Jacomus,"X-com enemy unknown and X-com terror from the deep. 2 games that many have tried to remake. None have succeeded in my opinion.But now Xenonauts has! An awesome game, with the right music, the right graphics, the right storytelling and the right gameplay. This is what I have been waiting for the past 20 years."
,Recommended,223830,15734502,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,golfermatt,"Love it!the perfect combo of rpg & simulation, i would highly reccomend11/10 would plasma gun high preator again!kind regards, VV"
,Recommended,223830,15939468,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,uran238,This is the first UFO Remake which has the right atmosphere. I love it.
76561198071724942,Recommended,223830,13889996,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Latios,"Want a more upgraded XCOM? Here it is. It's literaly based off the XCOM series with the origenal in mind. I like it much better then the current XCOM, XCOM: Enemy Unknown/Within. Xenonaughts incorperates indepth stratagy of bases, much more economics, and my favorite feature...fighter combat. Although it's not very complex, it's amazingly fun. I'd buy just the fighter combat as it's own game. Definatly worth the money, as it is half the price of Enemy Unknown and just as good.On a side note there have been some glitches, but that mostly involves my soldiers being able to see inside alien ships without suposedly being able to, and the occational sprite glitch. Nothing that breaks the game however."
76561197974104245,Recommended,223830,14678176,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Thrain Kross,"This game is the true ""XCOM"" remake game. The other ""XCOM"" game was arcadie garbage for the dumb down masses. If you enjoyed the orginal Xcom, you will love this game."
76561198001784686,Recommended,223830,13516730,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Beaghan,"It's like Xcom with worse graphics but double the strategy. the missions are hard.... In Xcom I'd end up with a Squad sooner or later that was pretty much elite and dominate the game. Even though your troops can get way better and get some sweet gear, I don't see this game ever being a cake walk. At any given time you can make the wrong move and next thing you know your guys are dropping like flies. I like strategy so I'm loving the challenge."
76561198027785846,Recommended,223830,11334589,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,ChaosRepeated,I loved the old X-Com games. This game is a return to that form. it has expanded the concepts with modern game play techniques without compromising the core concept.Its just awesome.
,Recommended,223830,13255339,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Bo Neslek,"They wanted to make an updated version of the original XCom, and that's what they did."
76561198051936166,Recommended,223830,14024664,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Vanet,"I really liked the original X-Com series (was one of the first games I played in 90's) and this game is a worthy sequel in every possible way. The graphic is really nostalgic, but at the same time modernized. Regarding the gameplay i can only say, that it's phenomenal. I really like how the day and night cycles influence the land missions, that they have keep such things that the aliens can see you from much farer away, etc. At the same time the developers have given some thoughts and add some amazing new stuff (new air combat, better AI, ...).Be advised if you didn't play with the original series you could have some hard first games, because of the lack of the tutorial. And that really the only negative aspect of the game that I can mention.I highly recommend this game."
76561197977114152,Recommended,223830,24155682,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Padapop,"In many ways an impressive game.With many hours of extremely fun gameplay.It's a game you should own and should have played.I finished the game offline and Steam did not count my hours, but I spent probably 80-100 hours playing it.The first two tries I failed than I played at easy and with a changed strategy.It's very close to the original XCOM which IMO is a really good thingas it is still one of the best games to ever have been made.But the graphic of the original is dated and this game even improvessome over the original.Because its depth, atmosphere and gameplay.Many remakes have been tried and failed because they lackedone thing or the other that made the original so good.They lacked turn-based rounds, they lacked how high the soldierswere standing as a tactical part of the game or buildings were not destructible etc.This game have it all! The music has the exact right kind of atmosphere.The graphics is not too cartoony as some in the first new XCOM by Firaxis, its just right.It is not an easy game to remake, as it has a lot of depth but Goldhawk made itvery good and in some ways even improved upon the original.Also the graphics is much cooler than on the screen-shots.There is no such thing as a perfect game but this comes close.What brings it down is the difficulty level of the game.I played it to the end and when I look back they made the gamea little too hard even on easy, which will cause a lot of frustration.The best tactics you are supposed to use to complete the game is notexplained. This means that you may end up spending a lot on new weaponsto your soldiers, but that makes it impossible to complete the game whichyou will only discover after 12-20 hours later on in the game when you havelost a country which means you will get too little money to build new bases,and new airplanes, which means you will lose other countries.In this way it is old-school and close to the original game, which you could easilyspend 100 hours on and still not manage to complete.For those that want to avoid having to replay here is a winning strategy:To be able to complete the game onestrategy is to try and as soon as possible establish three bases with up to 3 radars oneach and with mainly lots of hangars and fighter-jets.As shooting down UFOs will mean that the countries will raise your income and you willkeep the alien invasion under control and when you attack a UFO with the maximum amount of fighter-jets.you will almost never lose a plane.Do not put too much into producing expensive soldier weapons at first.Do not spend money on missile defense as those are not needed in the first 10 hours of the game.What is not perfect.When on missions it is almostimpossible to not get soldiers killed, which later on in the gamebecomes frustrating as the soldiers after completing 20 missionsare much better than new recruits.They aim better, can do much more during a turn and can carry much more.This makes new soldiers frustratingly bad when you are in the middle of the game.In order to manage this, you have to either constantly have twice the amount of soldiersthat you cycle through on missions, which is just tedious and also slows down theleveling up of your soldiers, but could easilyalso affects the game in that later on in the gamesome of the weapons are very expensive and takes verylong time to produce and if you produce them for every single one of your soldiers youhave wasted money on weapons instead of base upgrades fighter-jets. etc.One way to save that money is to reuse the same weapon for whateversoldier that you are sending on a mission, sure it is nice to think of that as a way to save money similarlyas to how governments try to save money, but swapping the weapons before missions just to save money is notthat fun in the long run.So what you will end up doing later in the game instead of cycling through several soldiers and swapping their weapons is kind of cheating.You will save very often, almost after every action a soldier has taken,and if a soldier of yours is shot down you will reload and replay.Because the game will force you to do so in order for you to know that youwill at least stand a chance of being able to complete it.The problem is that you can do everything right, you place your soldiers in strategic positions guarding all exits and entrances.Letting them have time units left to react and fire at any aliens that comes around a corner.But they still get shot at because an alien can see from a longer distance than you or your soldiers can losetheir mind and start to fire at their own squad.So even if you do everything right you will lose soldiers in a somewhat unfair way which makes you grow tiredand you feel forced just starting to save often and replay instead.In that way they should had made the game much easier and more forgiving on Easy.Easy right now is what you would expect normal or hard to be.However the game is still extremely fun and entertaining during many many hours.And for many reasons it is one hell of a game.One of the things that makes it so is how research works.Unlike other games you do not know really know whatthe result of researching a new technology or interrogating an alien will be.This makes it hard to stop playing as you find that you just have to research that newweapon or technology to find out what it is and when you have you find out it is anawesome new weapon that will toast the aliens. Now you just need to produce that weapon.Than you get greedy and want all your soldiers to have it so you continue playing andalong the way you discover new things to research and your intelligence will report newthings they have discovered to you.And just when it starts to get tedious a new element isintroduced.The AI of the aliens is also quite good and you will find some of them doing quite smart things later on in the game.Don't put your squad members to close together or they might throw a grenade at your group!"
76561197971061750,Recommended,223830,10747901,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Tyli,"This is really good. Feel's just like how I remember the first UFO (X-Com), only with controls more suited to today.While I do like Firafix' remake of Xcom as well, I really think this is a closer experience to the original. And that's really great!"
,Recommended,223830,17131465,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Battle Buddy,"Xenonauts is an excellent spiritual continuation of a defining turn based franchise. The graphics, gameplay, and UI stay true where they were successful while parts that were lacking have been improved or redesigned. The game is very long, and in some instances will feel drawn out and repetitive, but on the whole it does not detract far enough to avoid playing.Know that this game is tough and will take careful thought, experimentation, and a bit of luck to win."
,Recommended,223830,16760298,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,sohlemac,"This is truely the pennicle of the genere in my opinion. More polished and fun than the original X-com and more detailed and challenging than the ""Enemy Unknown"" remake, this game really scratches my itch for turn based tactics and global scale strategy.  It's not as pretty as a lot of other games, but that is well balanced by the addictive ""one more turn!"" gameplay.Of course, there are a few niggling details that are bothersome. Even at lower difficulties, this game can be punnishingly, frustratinly hard. When you're first starting out, it plays more as a rougelike with frequent restarts or save loads until you can get your initial base(s) established and have figured out a good order to unlock the tech tree. Additionally, the maps get reused more often than I would like, though there are workshop projects that remedy that complaint. Hell, even the difficulty ends up adding to the charm (and nostalgia) of this game.Seriously, though, if you're even remotely interested in this kind of game, you're doing yourself a diservice if you've not already aded Xenonauts to your cart."
,Recommended,223830,10143674,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,Texonater,Old XCOM UFO Defence would be proud. A true successor is finally here.
76561197971206875,Recommended,223830,13191082,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Fridget,Deceptively fun. Could use some overall polish to the game but pretty solid.  8/10
76561198083008760,Recommended,223830,13761340,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Shmollica,Amazing X-COM spiritual predecessor
,Recommended,223830,13509600,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,evil_arev,It's everything an old school X-COM fan could wish for today. Go play it!
,Recommended,223830,13874318,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Swish,"As a huge fan of X-Com/UFO: Enemy Unknown (and Terror From the Deep) I felt let down by the path of  the modern remake of ""XCOM"" with its smaller squad sizes, missions that took a fraction of the time, and the overall feel of its base management system.Well what have we here? ""Xenonauts""? I have NOT been disappointed. Touted as the spiritual successor to the original X-Com games and it really does live up to the hype.PROs:- Base management: Way more in tune with the original, building hangars, labs, living quarters, workshops.- Research: Still figuring out the order in which I should be researching but loving it so far, trying to improve the classic stuff (weapons, armor, aircraft, etc).- That classic feel! Guess what? Your prize Lieutenant is going to get shot by an alien in the dark, your recruits (Privates) are going to panic, and that frustration of combat missions is really recaptured. You hate it, but you LOVE it!- Computer AI: Very very good. The aliens don't just walk around shooting you as they see you. They can be quite content to know you're outside their craft from having had their pal shot to bits, and hole up in there behind some cover... waiting for your Lieutenant to say... ""open the door, Private!""- Mod community: Not looked into it, but like a lot of titles on Steam it seems to have a community for mods, and that can only be a good thing!- Music/Atmosphere: That sometimes menacing, sometimes spooky music from the old X-Com? It's not the same, but it has that same feeling.CONs:- They could do more to lessen the learning curve for new players. Things like outfitting your soldiers with grenades should be done as standard. I think I did my first 4-5 missions wondering why grenades weren't on Xenonauts because they'd be damn handy! Turns out they are, you just need to outfit your soldiers before the craft leaves the base.- Targeting. I know this will come across as a gripe, but when you run up behind an alien within touching distance, with a shotgun, get a 95% chance to hit and MISS... well, part of the charm? Or outright unrealistic? ;)OTHER THINGS:- Civilians are present on some of these missions, some of them are armed (most of them panic and crouch with their hands over their heads), but the armed ones  WILL fire at the aliens!- ""Normal"" difficulty. Damn hard! As it was in the original, and I'd recommend jumping in at this level for nostalgia's sake ;)Overall then... if you're looking to play an updated version of the old 90s X-Coms then I would HIGHLY recommend this. As always, check out some YouTube footage before purchasing, but I'm having a blast! Sadly, so are the aliens!"
,Recommended,223830,16725023,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Sir Gregor,Worthy spiritual successor to the original. Far superior to the consolized XCOM: Enemy Unknown.
76561198042483554,Recommended,223830,16420766,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,wolf_26,"This game is probably my favorite game in the last few years. Honestly, I almost like it better than XCOM: UFO Unknown. I've played through it once now. I DID play on Normal and without Ironman Mode and saved, like, every three seconds, but I still played it.But anyways, what's so good about it?-Feels similar to the old XCOM, which is good-Pretty deep base management-TONS of technology. More than either of the XCOMs.-An EXTREMELY awesome air combat system. Much better than either of the XCOMs. Instead of fighting one-on-one, you can go up to 3v3, and the way it works is almost perfect. Once you get the hang of it. Spend the time getting really good at it.-A pretty decent economy, you do well, you get more money. I do wish you could sell your advanced weaponry for more than what it is now. You'd think countries would want to get their hands on some shiny new guns.-Really good tactical combat. Lots of fun. Pretty darn hard if you aren't careful though.-Mods. You can mod the game. I haven't, but it's there.-Tons of overall content.There's not much I didn't like. Mostly just stuff with the difficulty. On normal. So, IT'S HARD. Get it if you want a challenge. IF you just want to blow stuff up like in XCOM: Enemy Unknown/Within, this game might not be for you.As of the creation of this review, I have played one game through, which took me 40 hours to complete."
,Recommended,223830,20545898,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Wolfman,"I played the original x-com and x-come 3. This game is a great update (and expansion) on what made the original 1994 x-xom great. Pick this up if you miss the original, or felt that the new x-com was too easy."
76561198072793336,Recommended,223830,13840008,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,ALM,Super fun Alien defense game. I have always enjoyed super hard squad based turn based combat games and xenonauts is really good. If you liked X com Enemy Within/Unknown and want a more in depth and often more challenging experience play this!
,Recommended,223830,13754132,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,ZeuS,"First I have to say that I did not like the artistic direction or the setting of the game (cold war era). What is wrong with the ""sometime in the near future""? And why such a cartoony artwork?However this IS the ufo enemy unknown remake that everybody was waiting for. It is faithful to the original to a fault. Whatever is not like the original xcom is a well thought improvement that we all wished the original had to begin with.In short this game is a must for old timers like myself and a must for newcomers that have not experienced the awesomeness that was xcom in the 90s.Now if only the devs would make  something terror from the deep like for the first expansion."
76561198005726558,Recommended,223830,12627929,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Maelstrom rider,"Something about the screenshots of Xenonauts always put me off playing the game in the past, I couldn't put my finger on it; although I think the game itself looks great, the screenshots didn't do it justice. But as a big fan of the early X-com games as well as the 2012 reboot I was lured towards Xenonauts, it was one of those games that got under my skin, I kept looking at it on steam, on the fence as to whether it was worth the full asking price; I'd have to say after completing the campaign that it most definately is.Where as the 2012 Firaxis X-com reboot was more of a reimaging, Xenonauts is an up tp date version of the older X-com games, bringing back time units and a whole list of other unit statistics giving the game a certain retro charm.The main story arc of Xenonauts was brilliant, although it's another version of what has gone before, in my opinion it's a story which is more believable than those that have gone before it. The pseudoscience that backs it up is second to none and the tech tree that backs the game up brings some fantastic ideas with it, bulking up what we're used to in this type of game, again all of the research topics are given great entries, made to sound believable, as if all of the technology could potentially exist.The new additions over the original 90's X-com are great:- Realtime air to air combat between your fleets of interceptors and UFO's- A variety of weapons for ground combat, shotguns, assault rifles, LMG's etc- Suppression effects for human and alien units- The ablilty to see a soldiers stats before you hire them- Flashbang grenades for assaulting enemy units- Cover that offers units protection and can be effectively flankedIn addidtion to the above the alien units are all unique and all have unique combat tactics/ablilites which maintains a real ""alien"" feel to the first encounters you have with them, more than once I struggled to comprehend what I was faced with on the battlefield resulting in a last minuite change of my tried and tested tactics.All in all, a must for fans of the 90's X-com games; as well as those who enjoyed the Firaxis reboot and don't mind learning the new interface."
76561198073789527,Recommended,223830,14354873,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,OriginalJankman,"Awesome game, faithful remake of a classic I spent far too many hours playing :) 11/10 guys, well done."
76561198072577531,Recommended,223830,14184009,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Rocky Jet,"Very fun and exciting tactical turn based simulation. Being able to re-name the vehicles, the soldiers and all the customizations is really good. It can be a long game with the Alien invasion but well worth it. very fun. 10/10"
76561197987414906,Recommended,223830,21856827,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,theguyB,Damn!!! Why didn't I buy this game earlier ;D
76561197970536541,Recommended,223830,11976789,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Simonleloup,"Despite the fact that I never played any game like this before, I found myself playing as an addictive game.  I recommand this game for is developped ground combat mode and its strategic management aspect."
,Recommended,223830,31364726,Posted: 25 April,all,LegacyPrime5588,"Defend the Earth from alien invasion. Basic turn based ground combat, air combat resolved eitheir automatically or manually and manage the spending, research and coordination of forces to combat the alien menace.Was quite good, challenging and easy to learn.Ending was a bit dissapointing however."
76561198046701207,Recommended,223830,35164043,Posted: 23 September,all,r0jer0,"Let me first say that if your looking for a game with outstanding graphics, this is not it. If your looking for deep gameplay with RPG and strategy elements you found it. Xenonauts is an updated version of the 1990s game X-Com. It has tactical combat that is first and foremost its bread and butter. Entering alien crashes or incursions is where this game shines. It's UI of the Earth also gives the player of strategy on an epic scale. Working with your troops, scientists, and your budget you have to fend off the ever growing threat of the alien invaders. If you were doubting if this game was good or not, for sure give it a try."
76561198138303434,Recommended,223830,35166641,Posted: 23 September,all,cpl trout,not bad
,Recommended,223830,9897065,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,Remigar,"A worthy clone (or ""re-imagining"", as the devs like to call it) of the classic game UFO: Enemy Unknown.Don't let the early access thing fool you, the game's just about ready for release save for a few missing art assets, bugs, and balance issues."
76561198023515833,Recommended,223830,9469121,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,methos_723,I have played pretty much all the XCOMS (official and not) including XCOM enemy unknown.This is clearly my favorite and it is not even finished yet.  I normally am wary of unfinished games but this is already better than many games claiming to be finished and the development forums are amazing.Buy it!
76561198050010982,Recommended,223830,9915429,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Red Rook Shield,"A harsh uphill fight is ahead of you; enjoy each small victory and earn every inch you gain on the alien menace. Loved it, the spirit of Xcom lives on here."
,Recommended,223830,12230223,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,Jarik Spiegel,"I'll get the obvious out of the way; if you liked XCom Enemy Unknown, you will probably like this.If you liked XCom Enemy Unknown, but at times wondered:- Why can I only send one strike team at a time? Why only one base of operations? Why only one interceptor at a time?- Why do my troops seem to have seemingly unlimited sources of conventional ammunition?- Why are the aliens so reactive to my scouting that I'm rewarded for crawling forward at a snails pace to 'discover' groups one at a time, rather than actively scouting things out?- Why don't the aliens ever try a direct attack against XCom (if you have enemy within, why didn't they try for a conventional attack a second time?)then get Xenonauts; which does an amazing job of both bringing up the level of depth and realism that I've come to love from XCom (don't get me wrong, I think XCom is one of the best games out there and I love its character and offerings), and delivering something thats still unique and distinctive.If you're looking for a game that does an excellent job tracking what a campaign against a hostile alien invasion might be like; Xenonauts is amazing. Buy it; buy it now!"
76561197993200909,Recommended,223830,13350127,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Samson,"Tried of games where you have to min/max to win?  Well search no further!  Even your best stats won't help you for♥♥♥♥♥♥in this turn-based strategy game!  Sick of aliens that you can kill in one shot?  Don't you worry, these aliens will regen more hp per turn than you can dish out in damage.  Do you hate spending action points reloading your ♥♥♥♥♥♥ gun?  Just pick up an aliens weapon!  They don't have to ever reload... unless you use them, then yes, yes it does.  Hate it when you get to cover and don't quite have enough action points to take a shot?  I wouldn't worry, the cover won't help you anyway! Do you have your flank covered by a belt fed, fully automatic machine capable of cutting even the toughest ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ in half?  That's great!  Because even with his finger on the trigger he still won't get to shoot first.  Do you have an arch of fire totally free of objects and friendlies?  That's good work soldier, cause you still somehow shot and killed your best equipped guy.Xenonauts - the aliens can shoot through walls, you can't, so play safe.10/10 - would save, re-load, re-load, re-load, re-load, save, re-load and re-load again."
76561198051361056,Recommended,223830,12707501,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,"""Dirty"" Rataca ""Enigma"" 100","It is a good game and i reccomend it if you liked the Original X-Coms.I would give it a 9/10 (just down to with this many hours i still havent beaten it)Its graphics are good for the design, the gameplay is good now 99% of the bugs have been removed.10/10 wihtout my bias input.Its well worth the money you spend sinc eit has some replayability value to it."
76561197977378909,Recommended,223830,18063158,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,paperscissor,"For an old X-Com fan, this felt like returning to base."
76561197961862025,Recommended,223830,11320773,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Jesus_Guy,What X-com: EU should have done with their money.
76561197963327047,Recommended,223830,11420887,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Hollo Point,Very nicely done game. A new take on the old xcom ufo defense game with more to it. I really enjoyed playing this one for hours.
76561198009903018,Recommended,223830,21913149,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Corwin86,"This game has improved so much that is probably better than X-COM 2, no lies!Hard, straight and difficult to master. More strategy and less arcade, talking about X-COM franchise.A really good game and play it with the Community Mod!"
76561197981940027,Recommended,223830,30712833,Posted: 24 March,all,rmikeyb,A lot of depth and ability to do things in very small steps also has realistic progression over time
,Recommended,223830,14740509,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Pieter,"Aliens are invading the Earth and you are tasked with stopping them! You are in charge of the smartest scientists, the most skilled engineers, and a group of g-ddamn visually impaired imbecile soldiers with parkinsons.Enemy six feet in front of you with no cover and a bullseye painted on him? 12% chance to hit.Enemy sucking on the front of your M240 machine gun capable of 800 rounds a minute ? 20% chance to hit.6/10 - fun but xcom : enemy unknown is better."
76561197964704366,Recommended,223830,10282981,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Capt. Kelsey,"Do you love XCOM? Do you wish Enemy Unknown was more like the original? Well, this is the game for you! This game takes the original concept of the first games and adds better designed UIs and gameplay mechanics, not to mention some very nice new graphics (I love them 2D sprites). This game is tons of fun and I look forward to it's continuing development."
76561198004686603,Recommended,223830,10404184,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Naaxelder Vane Senoj,"DISCLAIMER: Review based on early access and on current V1.03 build.  At this time the game is pretty much ready and should be set for official launch in the next few weeks.  Still working on finishing V1.03 build so review will be updated and finalised by official launch.Summary: For all intents and purposes Xenonauts is a modern remake of the ORIGINAL X-COM from 1994.  Where as the modern X-COM Enemy Unknown changed alot from the original, making it more of a action tactical combat game (one that I enjoyed alot) it strayed from the original.  Many a vetran from the original game (including myself) have been clamoring for a remake of the original and, now, I can say, that has happened.Xenonauts remains true to the original and as a player of the old game I was right at home with the controls and mechanics.  To summarise, the game puts you in charge of an organization charged with defending against and alien invasion.  Your main strategic view is the Geoscape, a full map of earth.  You start out by placing your first base whereever you wish.  You must make considerations for how much coverage it will give you and to which funding nations.  You will be able to develope your base, building new buildings, hiring new staff, training new soliders, researching new tech and building new gadgets.  You will outfit your troops and aircraft for battle and eventually build additional bases to increase your coverage.Soon your first UFO's will arrive.  You will need to intercept them with your aircraft.  This can either be handled via auto-resolve for via an Aerial battle minigame which is surprisingly involved.  Once the UFO is downed (over land) you will send in your troops to retrieve the wreckage and elimate any surviving aliens.From here, the game turns to the Turn Based Tactical map.  Your troops will start in your dropship, and you will have to move them about the map.  This portion uses a turn based system.  Each unit has X amount of time units which they use to perform any action, being it move, shoot, crouch, etc.  Shooting can take up more time units if you want to improve accuracy.  Once you have used up all your time units for all your units, you can end the turn.  Then the aliens will take their move, and it will then go to your turn etc.Fans of the original and of old school Turn Based will be at home here.  It allows for fine control of each unit and as unit get more experiened, they will get more time units and their other stats such as accuracy, health, reactions etc will also improve.The aim of the game is to defend against the aliens, tech up to be able to match them more evenly and eventuallly defeat the alien menance once and for all.Pros: Playing the game, I felt like I was playing the original...I cannot think of higher praise.  For all intents and purposes this is  the original, given a face lift and brought into the modern world.  It streamlines things a bit, for example, no longer do you have to manufactor basic weapons, nor do you have to manufactor items such as grenades, flairs, and ammo.  This was tedious micromanagement in the original which has thankfully been streamlined now.  Instead, you focus on building weapons, armor, vehicles, planes etc.  Grenades, ammo etc are auto-crafted.Also, now you have the option of calling in an airstike against a downed UFO instead of sending your combat team.  I remember in the original, during end game it was quite annoying having to deal with smaller UFO's that I shot down, so this is a welcome addition for when you don't want to have to deal with them.  You get a small amount of money doing this, but you gain much more if you send in your assault team.  It's nice to have options.Now you have a wider array of weapons and equipment including Pistols, Shotguns, Shields, Rifles, Machine guns, Sniper Rifles and rocket launchers.  There is a ""class"" system, but basically this is just a set of pre-determined equipment.  You can assign any solider any class.  It is useful for quickly giving units gear and you can set what gear each class gives.The graphics are beautiful 2d graphics and the interface works well now with modern conventions.Cons:  Alas, all cannot be perfect.  The most pressing issue at the moment is bugs.  Even at V1.03 there are some bugs still left to be addressed, but the dev team is aware of them and looking to fix.  Right now, for me, I get crashes when new gear is made and I go to equip my troops.  Since I save alot, and am now aware of this, it is not more than an annoyance.  I have spoken to the dev's and they are activly trying to fix this.Maps - While the game has some random placement within maps, it still uses an existing pool.  As such, before long you will be replaying the same maps over again.  The community has already published a map pack to increase the number of maps available.  However, this will always be a problem when not using auto-generated maps.Weapons - A personal issue, but each generation of weapons is literally a more powerful version of the former.  I.e, laser weapons handle exactly the same as the ballistic versions, just more powerful and different ammo counts.  Not an issue, but would be nice to get some more exotic weaponry that differentiates itself a bit more.In ClosingIf you like or are interested in Turn Based games with a strong strategic and tactical element you should give this game a try.  As I said before, when I played this, it was like playing the original X-Com, and I cannot give higher praise than that.9/10"
76561197996093388,Recommended,223830,10919833,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,ekscalybur,Fantastic turn based strategy game. Very much a spirital successor to the old XCOM games.... the good ones :P
,Recommended,223830,11493128,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,orestesmkb,Played X-Com? Liked? Play this! Stop thinking! BUY IT!!
76561197967806161,Recommended,223830,10985206,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Arclite,"Great game, despite a few minors bugs"
,Recommended,223830,11080531,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Etheras,"Enjoying it so-far, but I will admit that the difficulty is rather high. The invasion escalates faster than research does... which has put me into an Edge of Tomorrow situation on a few missions. Hard to fight Ion weapons with lead slugs no matter how good your tactics are!But, that aside...GOOD: Solid X-Com clone, if you're into that kinda stuff. One thing that is pretty cool, is the radar installations. Rather than sweeping a continent, it sweeps a radius from the base at the center. This means you can kind-of tailor base placement to your strategy.BAD: I should note here that I have not yet finished the game, so the badness might change. But from what I've seen so far... there's nothing really new here. When I said earlier that its an X-Com clone, it is just that. There's really no reason for this game to have been made, since it already existed before (albeit with inferior graphics). Difficulty curve is pretty steep (normal mode). The graphics are obviously kinda dated. I realize that this appeals to some folks, but I personally prefer my modern video games to look modern. Also there are some glitches with the physics where damage isn't quite right, like an alien saucer icing my dude through an intact wall. An explosion that somehow hurt a character when it took down a building that she was not in, on the flip side: 2 of my characters receiving no damage when standing right next to a car when it exploded. Aliens often have line-of-sight to their targets, but those targets are blocked when aiming back. Also I have a feeling that aliens do not have fog-of-war, or at least there is a glitch in their fog-of-war algorithm that makes it so it sometimes does not affect them.Overall, I approve of this game. I love strategy, and the X-com style games in particular. While its exactly like some of the X-com clones in the past (UFO: Extraterrestrials especially) and brings nothing new to the table, I hold some hope that this game was made as a modern platform for the purpose of making expansions and DLCs that will add to the common base game. That would be a worthy idea: a UFO / X-Com game that gets periodic updates like PayDay2 does! Anyway that's my hope. Otherwise its just a more graphically-enticing X-Com (old game), which I suppose is fine if the new one was too dumbed-down for your liking, or if you just want MORE X-Com. But like... even the technologies are the same, and the species. Anyway, that's my take. Thanks for reading!"
76561198026611837,Recommended,223830,11097978,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Bodkinn87,"Xenonauts is what every X-COM fan from the 90s wanted. An update/remake that stayed true to the core game mechanics. The Firaxis titles Enemy Unknown and Enemy Within were both well done, very good games in my opinion, but they were ""streamlined"" or ""dumbed down"" so they would appeal to a wider market on the 360.Xenonauts, however, brings back everything people loved about the original series.If you played Enemy Unknown and Enemy Within, but the base and troop management seemed lacking or the ""dogfighting"" mechanic seemed just a little too dumbed down, then you need to try Xenonauts.You will not be disappointed.If they ever make another game like this and give it the 3D graphics that EW/EU had... I just might cry."
,Recommended,223830,11415756,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Mochi Ice Cream,10/10 XCOM on steroids (not for graphics queens tho)
76561198031567416,Recommended,223830,11929663,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,someoneshorts,What a great game!  I am loving the way that this game stays true to its X-Com roots!
76561198023313860,Recommended,223830,11568595,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Myth,"Xenonauts has captured all the fun, excitement, and intrigue of the original X-COM games, and only intensified them in this amazing revival. With over 100 hours of play time logged on this gem, I can safely say that it is one of the most immersive and fun games I have played in a long time.I have played Firaxis' X-COM and while I loved it, it still failed to quite capture the true spirit of the the original series. Not a problem with Xenonauts. Playing it feels like it was made by the exact same developers that made the original x-com, but with the approach and complexity that decades of gaming refinement have brought to the table.I've heard some friends express a disenterest based on the graphics, but I can assure you that the elements of the game itself more then make up for this, and seeing how some 3D modeling can end up looking rather...cartoony or kind of silly (Planetary Annhiliation, Showrun Returns), I find it pretty refreshing.I can't say enough about the content of this game. From the well written and detailed UFOpedia, that keeps a detailed description of every relevent item/creature you will come across and/or research, the rich histories of your team members; their prior combat experience, assignments, countries of origin, etc; to the HUGE tech tree to be plotted and explored.The game takes place in 3 seperate environments...the ""Geoscape"", where you lay out your bases, set up manufacturing and research, hire and equip your soldiers/engineers/scientists, and watch for alien activity. Once an alien ship is spotted, you must dispatch interceptors to shoot down the enemy. Once your interceptor has engaged the ship, the second environment is enteredIn the second phase, the ""Tactical Air Battle"" phase, you control up to several interceptors in a top down arial battle against the enemy ships. I have seen this tactical phase balance and transform as it was developed, and can say they have done a fantastic job with this and the balance as you research and develope more powerful crafts.The 3rd and final phase is the ""Tactical Ground Combat"" phase, in which you control your customized team of soldiers (and various Heavy Weapon Platforms) in turn based combat against the alien invades after you have shot them down. You may also enter this phase without shooting down an alien ship if you get your lander to an already grounded UFO, a terrorist site in which the aliens are already grounded and engaged in terrorizing a major city you must defend, or an alien base they have established on Earth's surface.There is a fantastic variety of terrain, maps, aliens, weapons, armor, etc throught the game, so it always seems fresh, even 40 to 50 hours in. even after my 120+ hours of gameplay (have played offline at times, who knows how many hours there) I still see new maps and have to come up with new strategies/approaches depending on situations.All in all I would recommend Xenonauts to any gamer that won't be caught up on a lack of graphical complexity, and especially for anyone who likes management, strategy, simulation, or turn based games. At $25, this game is a great buy. I think the only thing keeping them from charging more is the lack of advanced graphics. The content is certainly up there with any Blockbuster game, in my opinion. Thank you to the fine developers at Goldhawk Ineractive for a wonderful product."
,Recommended,223830,11143003,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,solsurfer,"Xenonauts is a very solid strategy game with very few issues.  I have never played the original X-COM (criminal, I know), but this game is very interesting, the lore is spectacular, and it has a cool Independence Day vibe.  I would recommend this game to everyone, even beginners to the turn based strategy genre."
76561198015986760,Recommended,223830,11939921,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Duck Painter,The first game that im playing singleplay for a long time!!! Thank you guys.
76561197993445948,Recommended,223830,12003210,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,EchoTheBM,♥♥♥♥ XCOM EU.THIS IS GOOD OLD SCHOOL.GOTTA LOVE THAT CHALLANGE :D
,Recommended,223830,9575828,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Wolven™,"This is a great game. I was unsure if I wanted to buy it because it didn't look all that exciting and fun in the state it was in when I bought it. Wow, was I wrong.If you are coming here from the new X-Com (like me), there is one major thing you should know. This game's missions is A LOT slower than X-Com's. This is not a bad thing, for me at least, but missions can become sort of repetative, but you don't have to fight the battles if you do not want to, you can choose to just bonb the crash site for some money.The begining will be one the most difficult parts because you are very ill equiped and the mission variation is limited. But the missions begin to vary the further you get in the game (bigger crash sites, alien bases, and terror missions).This game is AMAZING, and some of that is due to the fact that it is in Alpha/Beta (I'm not sure which one). So I can't even imagine what the completed game will have."
,Recommended,223830,9673612,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Magyarman,"Absolutely amazing game, the basic idea is they took the old XCOM:EU game, updated the graphics, added in a dogfighting minigame, and threw in a little more humor to the reports and panels.  If you like tactical shooters, killing aliens, starting with a group of wet behind the ears rookies and turning them into hardened veterans, and upgrading your weapons to rediculous levels, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,223830,14904867,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Hänn Männ,"Brilliant! When someone, somewhere, at sometime or another said ""this game is so accurate and true to the original X-COM, it can cause the same levels of 'ripping your hair out' as the original"" -someone somewhere at sometime or anotherI like how the game also has the level-editor and its so easy to implement your custom skins for weapons via local-files."
76561197996381121,Recommended,223830,20226777,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,russellfs,This is almost completely a redone X-Com and guess what? That is great! It offers depth and the core game play of X-com is so very satisfying. They fixed some of the biggest issues with the now old X-com. It looks decent and is now set in the late 70's which adds some flavor to it. All and all I would recommend this to serious tactics and strat buffs.
76561198166963482,Recommended,223830,18218702,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,padycam,"I honestly think Xenonaughts is one of the best games ever made, you can customise your troopers & give them different weapons to make them the perfect strike team! The ground combat system is truley amazing, the game designers have kept things simple yet realistic you can crouch behind object thus reducing your chancing of being hit.  I seriously reccomend buying this game if you are a fan of turn based games. My advice is to start the game on normal difficulty and in Ironman mode, this is because you will just end up save scuming when your best unit gets killed.  Your soilders are expendable wich is a shame because you can really get attached to them. Also you can name soilders to people youu know in real life, its pretty funny at times.  There are lots of really good mods that the community have made for this game aswell, so if you get bored with one set of rules you can subscribe to a mod and change them to another set.  This game is amazing! I just wish i had more time to play it."
,Recommended,223830,11056380,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Kryss,Best X-COM remake so far.
76561198039471080,Recommended,223830,10992366,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,codadun,"A fantastic game, do buy if you enjoy complexity."
76561198037202794,Recommended,223830,9381575,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,McAutist™,"A very good game reminiscent of the old X-COM games. This game has good artwork, interesting enemies and fun gameplay."
,Recommended,223830,14337773,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,bobert awful (F+),"Look at all these crazy video games about alien invasions!!! There are many ways you can waste aliens from the comfort of your slowly flattening computer chair. What's Xenonauts all about then? Oh, it's a remake of the original XCOM: Enemy Unknown!Like the original XCOM, aliens invade, you shoot the aliens in the face, etc. Also like the original XCOM: It takes the ♥♥♥♥ing scenic route!!! Seeing through a game of Xenonauts will take a long, long time, and a lot of the time spent will occur in ground combat, where the idiots you're guiding through the♥♥♥♥♥♥♥town or the ♥♥♥♥ forest will need constant adjustment in order not to get blown up (and during the early game, your dudes will get blown up as much as the ones you're shooting, because this game is balls hard. Even on Normal.). The scenic route is made even more scenic-ier, because all the missions start to bleed through and look the same.It's not all tedium - the game allows you to walk into the enemy's UFO, kill everyone inside, and hold it for five turns to win the mission automatically, which is a nice touch. The game is all about destructible environments, so you can take a squad of fast-moving shotgunners, blow a hole in the side of the UFO with a rocket launcher, and win a mission that way. There's all these neat little additions that fit nicely with the original's ethos (saving AP for return fire on aliens dumb enough to wander into firing range). There's also a few unconventional ones to make gameplay less pedantic and fussy, such as allowing unlimited flares on night missions. The developers COULD have not included them, making night missions extremely sucktacular engagements due to a very short LOS and with one soldier having to leave his gun in the dropship to be 'the guy who throws lights everywhere who is shot from behind by some extra-terrestrial ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ hiding in a tree'. But they did, and you can throw as many as you want. Yay!So it's kind of bland and it goes on for a long while (a campaign run is in the 50-100 hour ballpark). But it's a neat take on XCOM-style play, and mods are being added by the community to hammer out flaws. It's not going to replace the 2012 XCOM for me, but if you're looking for an update that captures the original very well, give this a shot."
,Recommended,223830,12575825,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Earl(read before kick from tmtm),"Implements every feature and mechanic that should have been in XCOM: Enemy Unknown.The best part about Xenonauts is the fact that the AI will move about on their own, requiring you to constantly make sure you don't get ambushed or flanked."
76561198033000978,Recommended,223830,22737526,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Restello,"Game is good.Critics:Wish for a little more description on xenopedia (i.e. newly developed spacecraft ammunition).Ground combat sometimes has some bugs,(Shooting through corners, inner map of spacecraft occasionally does not reveal when entering, spacecraft not enterable)Economic has been simplified (which partially makes sense) as in you don't buy standard equipment such as a pistol.But unfortunatley you cannot sell all of the newly found Alien equipment.Price level when selling home made products are set to be unprofitable.Maps set is limited and with the large amount of ground combats you tend to know the map to begin with.I would love to have some option to make use of scout drones."
,Recommended,223830,28804839,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Pathborn,"This game is actually pretty great. I may be alone in this, but I have *not* played any of the original XCOM games. I've played the recent 3D remakes (both of them), but none of the originals. Despite that I enjoyed this a lot more than the two modern XCOM games I played. It just felt more strategic and difficult. Yes, the graphics suck. But I've played much worse.I'd recommend this game not only to fans of the original XCOM games (that should be a given) but also to anyone who played the recent newer XCOM games and felt they were too easy, especially if they don't mind simple graphics. There's at least 100 hours of gameplay here, I'm near to 200."
76561198115175465,Recommended,223830,25046543,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,MightyMyke,"I love this game. I've never played any actual X-COM games since most of them came out before I was even born so for those of you who want that sort of view point read another review I suppose. Anyways, so far as I'm concerned this is a really great turn-based strategy and while the graphics/animations aren't that great in themselves they are crisp and clean enough when paired with the music and sound to create a very immersive experience. In fact the immersion is really my only complaint about this game, that complaint being that it is too immersive. Seriously. The sound and music of this game is just ♥♥♥♥ing incredible. It really makes you feel like the entirety of humanity is completly screwed cause these aliens with their super advanced technology are here to wreck♥♥♥♥♥♥and kill. Not to mention how attached you get to your soilders. Had this one that had seen some real♥♥♥♥♥♥and been with us since the very beginning with no small number of kills and in one move I killed her. I had her run up to a corner and hide behind some crates then I clicked ""end turn"" and a reaper came around the corner stabbed her and boom turned her into a zombie. In just 3 seconds I had just lost my most experienced and well equiped soilder all because I thought those crates looked like a safe place to hide. The sound she made when she died didn't help either nor the fact that I had to kill her zombified self. It was really quite heartbreaking. This game is immersive and depressing, it will make you contemplate the meaning life, question if anything really matters, and it will keep you coming back 'cause ♥♥♥♥ those alien ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s welcome to Earf."
76561198013274517,Recommended,223830,14701002,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Anvil84,Who knew saving the earth would involve so many rage quits along the way?You'll always come crawling back though.
,Recommended,223830,12560160,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,mamolian,Excellent turn based tactical squad game. If you like XCOM you'll love this.
,Not Recommended,223830,32995636,Posted: 29 June,all,TRO.Vesuvius,"I added this game to my wishlist because I'm a fan of sci-fi strategy games though not much on turn-based but the game's concept got me interested. When I finally got the chance to get this game on sale, I hit a snag right on startup where it gave me an error so I tried to launch it again and it worked fine for the first couple of hours. The bugs/glitches/flaws become apparent after playing for several hours especially when the game freezes as it loads up ground combat. There is also an issue with saving during ground combat as there is a chance the game will freeze when attempting to save. I was really met with frustration and disappointment for this game.TLDR:Pros:Great game contentGood visual renditionsCons:Possible startup issuesGround combat loading issuesSaving issues during ground combat"
76561198067372342,Recommended,223830,22616229,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,TheD3rp,"Really, ignore the fact that the two top reviews for this game are negative and instead pay attention to the fact that 90% of user reviews are positive. The reason those two reviews are there is because the Internet loves negativity way too much."
,Recommended,223830,11439662,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Shaq Hulud,"Definitely a great game. If you like turn based strategy, sci-fi, and old school gaming, you'll like Xenonauts!"
76561197980967336,Recommended,223830,11441635,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Brunwulf,Fun and unforgiving.
76561198027555439,Recommended,223830,11444332,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Ace009,"Well, I have to say that this game sucks. Just kidding! It's really awesome! I mean you have a huge variety of aliens and you can command the Xenonauts organization to help defend Earth. It's an awesome game I totally would recommend and is super amazing. But be warned that once you enter the game, expect a lot of brutality on all difficulties."
,Recommended,223830,23710393,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,GonTron,"A little rough around the edges, but definetly a sign that there are good things to come from Goldhawk."
76561198064206553,Recommended,223830,13891614,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,SneakyGunz,"Addicting!! You control every move. Customize and Detail the loadout of your soldiers, and so many other things... even where they sit in the chopper, to engage once landed however you choose. There's a very small learning curve and then you become hooked on this game. Best Turn-based  Stategy ""SIMULATOR"" I've ever played. I love the attention to details with the game mechanics. If you load too much wieght on a soldier, and engage in combat, your soldier will gain strength for that round(if you get him back alive).   .......There are some mods that make this an even beter game. Thumbs way up!!"
76561198069513316,Recommended,223830,8219325,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,riggingchimp,"If you are a fan of the original Xcom, you NEED this game.I've played almost all of the homages, reimaginings, sequels and ports of Xcom and this is by far the truest game playwise to the original.The cold war setting actually works well and its quite fun to send squadrons of F16's to shoot down ufos, followed by a chinook to send the troops in."
76561197981039786,Recommended,223830,9587990,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Shawn,"Great Gameplay, great UI, stylish graphics, and a much better xcom game then the actual xcom games by Firaxis."
,Recommended,223830,9927496,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Mazka,Game is nearing completion and is by far closest to the feeling of original X-com with modern engine.
76561197985719083,Recommended,223830,10304884,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,ev0lution,Great Game Xcom feeling purei can recommend xenonauts to every one who played xcom once
,Recommended,223830,14650862,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Apoc,"While almost a clone of the good old original XCOM, there are enough improvements and differences to get your money's worth. It is also as addictive and it's hard to stop playing.For those that never played Xcom, it's a satisfying game when everything goes well but it's also a hard game, it often goes bad pretty fast. If you enjoy strategy, killing aliens and researching new technology, give Xenonauts a try!"
,Recommended,223830,10564645,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Ling Ling,"This game is the term ""spiritual successor"" incarnate, it is great fun, has amazing artwork and is true to the original series, if you like the original x-com, buy this over X-com unknown enemy and you won't think twice about it."
76561198087185847,Recommended,223830,18880756,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,jwnorton,"Much, MUCH like the 90's classic X-Com. Once you dive in, you'll see it.The difference is the tech trees, discriptions, maps, aliens (beings, ships, weapons, ect). Their motivations are the same, plus the planet Earth, but the interface is quite improved.You have pretty much total control - planning bases, troop management, improvements, mission planning -  the whole shebang. As you progress, the aliens get more numerous, dangerous, larger, more aggressive, and your apprehensions can get the best of you. Only downside is the end game - it was a tad gamey (maybe even letdown), expected something harder ala the old X-Com. Was fun, though....There is ample mod support - The Commuinty Edition is widely played, and tweaks many of the standard game to enhance the experence, and is endorsed by the producer, and hosts a lively forum. Pretty darned impressive...Been following this for a while, and it dropped off my radar, but quite glad it did not become vaporware. Great purchace, fantastic community, and heavily supported."
,Recommended,223830,20480834,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,spel565,"More fun than the new xcom games (eg Enemy Unknown), linux support, modding support.The problems I have are with the enemy AI and behaviour: for example killing my guy through a wall from nowhere.Anyway, just buy it (or wait for Xenonauts 2)."
,Recommended,223830,18446411,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,jakelovesyuna,"I think at first, like many people. I was being put off this game becuase i was copmaring it directly to XCOM: Enemy Unknown. Once you break away that stigma, and take it as a standalone game - it really shines.The game is brutal, and the maps are nice to play. I will amdit that multi story building can be hard to navigate, but in a 2-D Spirte enviroment that was always going to be a problem. I think with the addition of the community edition and the hundreds of new maps it added, you are almost guarnteed to never come across the same map in the same playthrough.I think overall this game is good. I wouldn't say excellent as there are a few things that i think could be improved. But they are just minor things.Get this game, you won't regret it."
76561197971907582,Recommended,223830,18937561,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,ThatWhichThinks,"I never got the chance to play the original X-Com.  I heard the legends, of course, of all the things it did right that no other game (incuding newer X-Com titles) had managed: the perfect balance of weapons and gear so that every type of loadout has its use, the punishing yet fair difficulty (the aliens are stronger than you, but it's always possible to beat them), the general sense of dread at every crash site, the amazing metagame of base building and resource allocation across continents, and so many other features that added up to an amazing, tense, immersive, and satisfying experience.I cannot say if Xenonauts is as good as X-Com, or how the two compare, but I can say this: Xenonauts does everything right.  It sounds crazy to say, but it's true.  The balance of both your equipment and enemies', especially with the latest patches and Community Edition, is perfect.  Both the metagame and tactical encounters are complex and satisfying.  Every choice, every action has weight, tension, and immense significance to your war with the alien threat.  Battles are tense, tactics are paramount; your soldiers' survival is tenuous, but if you use the right tactics, there is hope.So, I cannot say if Xenonauts is as good as X-Com was, but I can say that it is as good as X-Com's hype, which is even more impressive."
76561198134490686,Recommended,223830,19362861,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Leonhart,"+ x-com esque+ mod support (actually without the mod kinda feels like an unfinished game)- the UI would be confusing for first timer in this kind of genre- feels too indie-ish which not a bad thing, but would be a major turn off for most newcomer i think.and many moreoverall 4 0f 5 would recommend to any x-com or other tactical turn based series fans. for the rest of other type of gamer try to stick with the game for a few hours, read a lot of guide and don't forget to add mod to be able to enjoy this."
76561197972493570,Recommended,223830,19939101,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,frodrich,"A worthy successor to the classic X-COM legacy. In my opinion, Xenonauts takes the best parts of X-COM and expands on them while downplaying the less fun parts, while giving the whole thing a nice facelift. Fans of the series will likely be satisfied, even at the $25 price point. Others may want to wait until a sale happens."
,Recommended,223830,19341413,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Ben0cide (aka PredatorFett),"Very awesome game which is clearly a love letter to the original X-Com games. Incredibly fun, and I'm really hoping they choose to do a sequel."
,Recommended,223830,19424329,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,linuxpunk,"1. Thanx for the native Linux support, really apreciate it.2. I hate it when gamers talk about ""X-COM type gameplay"" refering to XCOM EU. THIS is ""X-COM style"" turn based combat, NOT XCOM EU.+ Great, handpainted graphics.+ Deep turn based tactical combar, in original X-COM or JA style.+ Nice cold war setting."
,Recommended,223830,20235968,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,LODE,"I was excited about this release back in 2013 but for many reasons have not gotten around to it until recently. I don't have a lot of hours in yet but all I can say is WOW. This is the most faithful reproduction of X-COM: Enemy Unknown by a wide, wide margin - and that's no knock on the recent reboot by Firaxis; they are simply dramatically different games. Xeno distinguishes itself with the faithful depth and unforgiving, unapologetic tactical harshness that is carried by poor or reckless decision making.It is amazing that we have both XCOM and Xeno, and that they are both such great games and I found a fantastic article below by Phil Hartup that dives so well in to exaclty this topic and provides an excellent history of what the franchise has gone through. Absolutely worth the time to read if your exposure to the franchise is rooted larely in the recent reboot, and if you loved the classic from 1994 and have, like so many of us, given up hope of a faithful reproduction after decades of disappointment - this is a slam-dunk to run long nights in to the dawn.http://www.newstatesman.com/killing-time/2013/10/xcom-enemy-unknown-xenonauts-dumbed-down-game-any-less-fun"
,Recommended,223830,13103882,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,DarkExcalibur42,"Very challenging, very tactical, very deep.Strategy matters with this game. A LOT. If you just charge in with a bunch of guys and guns, you will run a massive casualty count. Even if you do everything right, there's a good chance one of your guys will take a fatal shot. This game is brutal, but rewarding, and will give you all kinds of entertaining stories of how your team took on the alien invasion. Also, a few ridiculous stories of how random civilian NPCs pulled impossible feats of badassery out of nowhere."
,Recommended,223830,28260180,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,Blake Malone,"Game too hard for me Im going back to Xcom...I'm really impressed with what Goldhawk Interactive has done in Xenonauts but as I've said before it's harder than Xcom, or at least the RNG really kicks you in the balls and with outragesly bad luck as mine who needs Insane diffuculty.It's pretty much like the old UFO Enemy Unkown interface just improved.But if your luck is worse than mine then you might just lose the whole game just because your Xenonauts can't defend against Psi attacks and guess what unlike an Xcom Warrior, Xenonauts can't learn Psionics so you would have to rely on either bravery or Mods to protect them from the attacks."
,Recommended,223830,14045296,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,meltdown,buy. now. what are you waiting for?
,Not Recommended,223830,24037804,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,sumotsunami,"I really love & hate this game. The entire premise is fantastic. What I really hate is that aircombat is frustratingly stupid (fighters won't fire their missiles even when they have a lock sometimes). Ground combat has the oddity of even seasoned soldiers overreacting and shooting your own guys when they see an alien. These buggy bits could be argued to be realistic... but only slightly. Also everytime your soldiers are in sick bay and then come back they conveniently forget all the items they were carrying into battle before. I know you can make new roles... but it's all a huge pain in the rear.You can't lob a friggin grenade anywhere you can't visually see... which is pretty much how grenades are supposed to be used.The ultimate armored suit doesn't seem to be that effective (pretty sure my guy gets hurt just as much in that thing as out of it.Berserking is stupid... your guy will decide to turn around and shoot his own people.Also... no one warned me you could lose countries and not gain them back. Even though the death toll only states there's a few thousand killed. It makes no sense unless the aliens really did cleanse the earth in those places, which they didn't.This has the makings of a great game. Xenonauts 2 will hopefully improve upon this because the idea is really really great in conception but not execution. Just too many frustrating things (especially the combat that leaves a 95% burst with 0 rounds impacting on target) Also the heavy machine gun should carry about 200 rounds per drum... but you only have 30 rounds per."
,Recommended,223830,28820795,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,aruvin,"Xenonauts developed by Gamethunks, Goldhawk Interactive & released on 17 Jun 2014 for PC. According to Metacritic(http://www.metacritic.com/game/pc/xenonauts)it has:An Average user score of 8.0#75 Most Discussed PC Game of 2014#69 Most Shared PC Game of 2014I'll dare say that Xenoaunts is a great remake of the original XCOM title. If you've played Firaxis's XCOM, you should give this title a try. Both titles differ in many aspect of the game however both are notable titles for the remake of XCOM. Xenoauts on the other hand could do with a little more love and attention for what it's worth.The Story:To keep it short, alien invasion on earth seems immanent and a multi-nationality milatary organization known as XCOM is task to defend our beloved earth from these invaders. Take command of this organization. Build bases across the world, research, manufacture and battle these invaders. One things for sure, soldiers will die. Period.User Interface,Controls, Visuals:The UI on a whole; on battle/soldier/weapon stats window were designed in blocks (nothing fancy), clean and organized unlike the original XCOM where there were tons/clusters of buttons on the  screen.The information are presented in a simple, clean & organized fashion. This also includes research result/aircraft/vehicle capabilities/alien autopsy. This is important because you may need to look them up after some time or after a break.To be real honest, controls are easy. It's quite standard for me really but for some who are new to turn base RTS, they may feel overwhelm on what's being shown on the screen. With the options and bars and what not & freak out far too soon. Or when they see the list of key bindings, the fall off from their chair. Lol. In actual scenario, all you need is the tab key and your mouse. That's it.Visuals:Xeno is a 2d, top-down looking game. It looks good for me. Nothing fancy  if compared to Fira's XCOM. The entire art style looks like hand drawn. Don't get me wrong, it is not a negative point. Everything in here has been designed/colored cleanly with details and a whole lot of effort has been put into the images as you progress with more technology getting unlocked.Unlike Firaxis's XCOM, where its design lean closer for sci-fi futuristic looking gears@soldiers. (those shiny & glowing things) Xeno takes place in cold-war era. Ballistic weapons, bazookas, grenades, tanks and jet fighters. You might feel unimpressed as you are in plain clothing with a standard machine gun/shot gun.Due to word count limit, I'll just summarize that the human world art concept and the aliens art concept are totally different. Units, ships, weapons are all designed differently but with “realism” still the main point of design. Kudo's on the graphic department.Mechanics:I've said this and I will say this again, beautiful games without substance is no fun. What Xeno (may) lack in visuals, shine in it's mechanics & game play experience. Xeno resembles closer to the original XCOM with greater emphasis on micro managements. It takes a while to understand the weapon handling and on the TU points. Once you do, your gameplay are much more direct. In Xeno, there is no nonsense of that shot missing a 75% or 80% chance. Xeno shooting mechanic is more realistic and is largely affected by the  distance.The good news, there is base building and the aliens can invade your base. They can even build base across the world and you have to disable it. Similar to Fira's XCOM, once you lost majority of the world continent@support, you lose the game.Xeno has better air battles than Fira's XCOM. Air Battles are tricky when you don't have uber jets to fight for you. Some air battles require micro mgt to win.The ground battle is always tedious but rewarding. You need to understand the aliens capabilities and your weapon capabilities to have a decent chance against them. Failing to understand your weapon capabilities will only make you waste turns. Grenades are the highlight of xeno. They are an important asset to storming into room, provide cover and the best way to deal with aliens. Which is why Fira's XCOM later introduce enemy within with more grenade design.Game difficultyTo be honest, I feel xeno is generally harder than Fira's XCOM in the early days until Firaxis released XCOM Enemy within a major bump in game difficulty.I dont feel that the aliens are hard to beat or that this game is hard rather I feel that the game is annoying. Because the aliens capitalize on their advantage and with the constant nuisance from the praetor messing up my squad. But I guess, that’s challenge for you.There's day and night mission as well. Yes, Night missions are harder due to the vision disadvantage. To aid night missions, your entire squad is presented with unlimited amount of flares. It helps in a certain way but not effective enough because the aliens have higher stats then the humans and can shoot further. Oh and their weapon hurt more too. Many have mentioned this and I am going to say this too. Please re-tweak the reapers. They can see players out of the visibility range – they can move in and kill your squad with ease. It is rather an unfair design decision because the reaper only has to poke your unit and say goodbye to whatever Armour/weapon your unit has – or how utterly useless your squad reaction fire is. =(The final mission was really tricky, interesting and freaky suspense. As you try to make it out alive from the endless wave of repears. lol. On a whole, the game felt paced right. You are constantly battling against time for research/manufacture something to give you a slight advantage over the aliens.I use the term ""slight"" because no matter what tech-tree you research unlike in Fira's XCOM, xeno's aliens will always have the upper hand whether its in stats, numbers, weapons. I can share with you the moment I researched tank/super heavy suite/uber 1 blast kill weapon, I thought to myself: ""this it man! this is the game changer!"" but no matter what, if I am careless/I don't plan properly, the aliens will whop my sorry <bottom>.My SummaryXenoauts is a solid product. Thank you Gamethunks, Goldhawk Interactive for this product. While trying to stay true to the original XCOM title, many of the retro/feel/game mechanics have been adopted into this product. You did a great job with Xenoauts.Many might not have heard of xenoauts - unlike Firaxi's XCOM due to marketing approach maybe? But the gameplay experience is on par for both titles. It's not sci-fi and it tries to remain grounded on many of its design choices. Xeno does offer slightly more option for ground battle, where you are able to bring in a whole lot of soldiers (more than 6), the choice of soldier weapons and Tanks. Xeno gives you the option to train your soldier however you want and allows you to equip whatever weapon you so desire. The retro feel is there. Xeno's air battle@base planning will always keep on the edge as you try to cover a part of country/continent and prepare air crafts. All of the micro mgt aspect will allow players to feel more engaged unless you don't fancy that.I am a little disappointed on the ending. Upon completion and saving humanity from the alien invaders, players are presented with a screen of ""hey congrats! you won!"" After all that battle, terror missions, blowing up alien HQs, XX soldiers dead. My reward was 1 screen. Hmph. lol. I love the game, please don't repeat this in future titles. Please give players a much more rewarding ""ending"". Something which if they do share on youtube, people will go ""wow, what a good game. I must get this"" or ""yeah you did good. congrats""So, on the scale of 0 - 10, my personal rating for Xenonauts is a solid 8/10."
76561197967643963,Recommended,223830,16713443,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,K. Penney,"Cold War? YesRich fake history entries? Mmhmm!Feels like the original Xcoms? Yus!Simple learning curve, and if you've played similar games like the original Xcom franchise you shouldn't have any issues. It does feel almost as dated but that's almost certainly an artistic choice (I would guess to relate more to early 90s squad tactics games), it isn't the flashiest but it looks really nice for 2D Iso artwork.Workshop items are also fantastic! everything seems to work flawlessly and there are some really interesting mods out there, a few even drastically change major parts of gameplay, adding a few more layers of depth.You definetly feel like you're working with the NSA and MIB when your deep into a game."
,Recommended,223830,27342806,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,MerL,If you love X-Com Ufo Defense you will love this game too.
76561198094816208,Recommended,223830,11414553,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Sarevok,"I only have one thing to say, fix the modifiers! Great game but why do i miss repeatedly on 75%+? Sick of my sniper missing at long range and then being killed by a shotgun still at range!"
76561197971116718,Recommended,223830,18193813,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Sirian,"This game is as close as I've seen to a ""clone"" of a previous game. That being said, the game it is cloning (X-com, the original) was a 5-star classic, and this version of it is actually quite good. Xenonauts managed to preserve nearly all the best parts of the original, while fixing some of its bigger flaws (especially in regard to the user interface) and avoiding introducing any new negative elements that step on the experience. I also played the X-com reboot, which enjoys the triple-A budget and graphics lacking in Xenonauts, and find Xenonauts to be the much better game. The X-com reboot forces you to choose (over and over) from a set of missions where you can only do one from the set (and the aliens win automatically in the places you opted not to go). I really, really -hate- that mechanic. Xenonauts gives you multiple threats at the same time, but gives you the option (over time, if you play well) to build multiple bases, acquire more interceptors, bomb the crashed alien ships you can't or don't wish to engage on the ground, even run multiple dropships full of troops, letting you eventually build up to where you can deal with more than one of those threats successfully -- perhaps even all of them, in some cases. That, I found, to be much more satisfying than the heavy-handed ""pick one and only one"" mission to do, where you are forced to sit and watch the world burn everywhere else. X-com2 is about to come out, and it looks like more of the same: smaller squads, only one base, only one dropship, a very heavy hand from the designer, channeling you down the road the way he wants you to travel at, at the pace he sets. Probably still has that cheap design shortcut of aliens not spawning on the map until you trigger their scripted appearance, when they always get a free move on you. (You can never catch them by surprise: there is no strategy that will let you get the drop on any of them at first encounter). Whereas in Xenonauts, the enemy units behave under the same rules you do: they are all on the map at the start of the combat and have to move using the same kind of Time Units restrictions that your troops must endure. You can lure some of the more aggressive alien types in to traps or crossfires, while others will patiently set traps for YOU that you have to figure out how to deal with. Luck plays a smaller role in Xenonauts, so of course that is the game that I favor.Do yourself a solid and pick up Xenonauts instead of the Xcom reboots. It's fun, challenging, and highly replayable, with more emphasis on strategy and tactics, more room for creativity and variation in how you tackle the challenges, and has more of the goodness that made the original X-com so special."
76561198035688125,Recommended,223830,12000050,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Your Buddy Ted,Words can not discribe the joy when i discovered this game.
,Recommended,223830,10729426,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Tasker 2016,This game owns and it only took someone twenty years to make it.  A++ would level a city block with a plasma tank again.
76561198006880086,Recommended,223830,14520152,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,william.2.rose,"Stunningly good game - should have bought months ago - takes you back to the ""old school"" days of xcom without feeling remotely dated.  Awesome value for money and immense replayability."
,Recommended,223830,25219847,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Harm,More depth and fun than xcom eu/ew.
,Recommended,223830,8711236,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,gamesare2fun,"One of the best games i have ever bought. easily worth 60 dollars. if anyone has 20$ to spare, buy this. no questions, no arguements, just go, play this, feel like your good at the game, round a corner, and watch your best soldier explode into pieces."
76561198012160186,Not Recommended,223830,13263875,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Dr. Rockso,"I'm a huge, HUGE fane of the original X-Com.  I was really looking foward to this game and hoped an indie company could restore the glorius gameplay that was X-com -- but they fall short.They really try to be true to the source material, but nothing quite meshes.  Graphics and animations are meh and the A.I. still makes those magical shots from 300 yards away, around the tree, under the car, through the two house windows -- killing your soldier instantly.  On the other end of the spectrum, you will miss the alien standing next to you, with a plasma shot gun and 99% CTH -- and if you are lucky enough to hit it, it will take a whopping 5% damage, while the other 7 of your soldiers will panic, drop their gun, and run right up to the enemies for a merciful quick killing.It's very frustrating, to say the least.  So close, but so far."
,Recommended,223830,1071851,"Posted: 8 July, 2013",all,Viktor,"Not even finished yet, and has put a smile on my face consistently. Fantastic game, LOVE the art style. Will only get better with age. BUY NOW!"
76561198033132301,Recommended,223830,9177294,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,EckyThump,Awesome. Modern X-Com done right. Why does it take an indie studio to do what AAA developers can't manage?
76561198000099467,Recommended,223830,9541650,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,76561198000099467,"It's like the original XCOM but with better graphics, great game if you liked the first XCOM."
76561198044171782,Recommended,223830,9796817,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Jimmius,"A very loyal remake of the original X-COM, Xenonauts is a perfect substitute for people who felt Firaxis' XCOM was too shallow, with only one skyranger and base, and as the creator of the original X-CCOM put it 'the geoscape [feels] irrelevent'. Xenonauts, despite having a much smaller budget and team working on it, manages to capture the spirit of the original game much better than the recent XCOM."
76561198007488824,Recommended,223830,9557613,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Murigrim,this game is bread and butter for xcom fans.its not an xcom game but its so similar to the originals but with better graphics.its definitely worth buying if you like these types of games.
,Recommended,223830,9822815,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Monk,"Xenonauts is the best. The guidance and action may be terse, but the strategy and 1980's setting are engaging. Give a recruit a proper callsign after they kill their first invader and later- when the plasma is flying hot and your squad is pinned down behind the burning wreckage of your laser robot tank, when the assault robots and zombie culling reapers draw near, when the electroshock grenades and stun gas rockets have exploded and Major Blast HardCheese only has enough time units and ammunition in his machine gun for one more burst...You will know what you must do."
,Recommended,223830,9635979,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Smoke Fumus,"Hey kids, have you played x-com. The original one? [jontronmoment]wwwhuszat? yusaidno? Wellthat'sunbeliavable, i don't even see how you came to that conclusion[/jointronmoment]If you played xenonauts - you practically did. Basically it is a very faitful remake of x-com made by a huge fans, which resembles original almost on 80%.Everything is there - ability to damage terrain, free fire, science and assembly division, neat ambient music, etc.And it improves on so many levels which were under-taken in original x-com - like to example - aerial fighting manual mode is best one yet i've seen in fan-made x-com(1-2)'esque games. I mean - best one in series were in x-com 3, but i feel that lots of a-holes which did not actually played 3rd part gonna downvote me for that, but whatever. That's my review, i do whatever I want, god damn it.Anyway - the game is neat and polished -it crashed only 2 times in 13 hours, and i were able to quickly recover from autosaves, authors just need a little more kicking to make finishing touches and find all the bugs. But even at this point - this is very stable release candidate rather than beta.Almost everything is there, i believe teleporter and psionic sounds are the same, which they shouldn't be, also some plasma rifles have same sound.But besides that - core is there, feeling of progress is there too, game just as addicting to mea s the original, and i just spent 14 hours playing it non-stop, for the note - in recent xcom reboot i got bored after 3 (6 in ufo afterlight) and barely finished it. Something to cosider.I think main thing about this game is that it keeps throwing new stuff at you even after you think everything is done and beaten - on normal difficulty progression is rather slow, but rewarding at that - it doesn't feel rushed, nor does it feel too slow. Just hits the spot.In the conclusion - buy this game guys - it worth every penny and delivers+it has crazy potential for modding since EVERYTHING is in xml+it has map editor.And even if you played only reboot of xcom - but original x-com and this one and compare them back to back - they are pretty damn close and xenonauts most certainly can be called X-COM: UFO Defense 2.0."
76561197972344654,Recommended,223830,35069498,Posted: 19 September,all,O.G. Squeekz,"Have always been a fan of the X-Com series since playing the originals in the 90's until the reboot. While I enjoyed XCOM Xenonauts is the true successor to the series. The depth and resource management playing on insane ironman can be insanely frustrating at times but deeply rewarding.Expect to face an Alien Invasion on a grandscale defending yourself with MiGs and m16's.Capture, research, develop, deploy. Build your force and assualt the mother ship.With awesome mod support I highly recommend beating the game on vanilla and then go crazy with mods!"
76561198079530424,Recommended,223830,10506445,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,SGT.Cakebaker,A heavy mechine gunner can hit an alien but a sniper cant                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            11/10 would command again
,Recommended,223830,10594319,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,space dog,worth it
76561198107143936,Recommended,223830,23760415,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,dvicofirn / first catdog,"Started game normal-iron man.Have to understand what to do by my own, only by the experience from xcom eu.Everything is getting worse too soon.Accidentally shot my own soldier.Delete game.10/10 would shoot my own soldier again."
,Recommended,223830,29723736,Posted: 5 February,all,Alexander,"i played xcom: eu but it didnt catch me to play longer but xenonauts does, I cant stop playing it omg it's so classic, the graphic, the gameplay omg"
,Recommended,223830,10544159,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Mr Tomato,"This game is ♥♥♥♥ing fun, Its just like the old xcom with all its gut crushing core.The AI is just insane, it gets crazy sometimes. If you play on ""Hard"" and Up, don't expect to win most of your battles. The battles are not ""unfair"" you can win everyone but you need to be near perfect in your tactics. If you don't like the  pace of the game, there are many modpacks to give it that Insane ( one grenade blows up football field) style like the old xcom. I perfer to use the Journey into Darkness Mod on the Mod forums in Xenonauts."
,Recommended,223830,13245540,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Kantalope,Best game ever. Way better than XCom. Play if you are looking for a challenge. Prepare to loose many soldiers to the hands of the aliens. Can be frustrating at times.10/10 Would kill aliens again.
76561198157379709,Recommended,223830,33146672,Posted: 2 July,all,Dmitriy,"игра шикарна и даже лучше самой первой UFO в плане воздушных боёв. но я хочу оставить несколько пожеланий разработчикам:- оптимизировать игру, ибо сохранить/загрузить занимает слишком много времени- оптимизировать движения гражданских лиц, зачем они каждый ход бегают? из за них на ход уходит слишком много времени- ну и конечно хотелось бы локализации на рууский языкспасибоThe game is the best and even better than the very first UFO in terms of air battles. But I want to leave a few wishes to the developers:- Optimize the game, because save / load takes too much time- Optimize the movements of civilians, why do they run every turn? Because of them on the course takes too much time- Well, of course I would like to localize into the Ruusian languageThank yousorry for googl translate"
,Recommended,223830,20109599,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,stig atle,"I just love this game, brings me back to my childhood where I played these type of games.Spent countless hours on turnbased games.This game is worth buying, great graphics, great gameplay, works on linux (I play mainly on that).Gameplay is easy to get into, you can just start and go with it.The AI is great, and you get a lot of curveballs as you play, that keeps you on the edge of your seat for sure."
,Recommended,223830,18692472,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,Ratel,Great.
,Recommended,223830,30336963,Posted: 5 March,all,Faith,"A faithful throwback to the original xcom with clean, simple art and a reasonable level of accessibility.It's dope.I give it six dead-xenomorph-expies-lying-in-a-pile-of-shame out of seven."
76561197961218844,Recommended,223830,13621627,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Ailingforale,"More Reviews @TheVideogameBacklog.comIf you were looking for the spiritual successor to the X-Com franchise, Xenonauts feels like the game you’ve been waiting for. Even though The Buraeu: X-Com Declassified and Enemy Unknown/Within were great games in their own right, they just didn’t quite capture the same feeling that the classic games had. While some things need to evolve and change, there’s something to be said about making a recipe with most of the same ingredients to enjoy the meal you remember. (That’s especially true if they are going to say that it tastes similar.) I covered a lot of the basics of this game in the X-Com: Enemy Unknown VS. Xenonauts review so I’m not going to cover everything since Goldhawk Interactive finished up everything that needed fixing to transition from Early Access to Launch status pretty smoothly.Let’s start with difficulty shall we? That was a trademark aspect of the originals. (I still can’t complete TFTD.) I started Xenonauts on the Regular difficulty and had both starter interceptor planes shot down in one-on-one dogfights. (At which point I had nothing to shoot down enemy aircraft.) The enemy craft ended up landing after downing my two aircraft giving me my first mission… out of pity. During the pity mission (which happened to be a night mission of course) I had lost two soldiers before I got ten spaces from my Chinook from enemies I couldn’t see. Needless to say I started over and changed the difficulty to easy. I usually don’t like playing games on easy, but this game just kicked me in the nuts and laughed in my face.Thinking that the game was going to be too easy after the difficulty was changed was a bad assumption on my part. That little dead alien in the corner reminded me that I shouldn’t let my guard down. This little bugger skirted around the edge of the map taking pot shots at my guys almost killing two of them. I was throwing out flares left and right to try to find him to no avail. I eventually found him by sending one soldier randomly to the side of the map and just happened to spot him. Needless to say, when he became visible, the bullets went flying.Moving on, research has been overhauled to be more convenient for the player. Let’s just say that you go out on your first mission and you clean house very well. When you get back to base you have only a few options to research, general concepts like alien electronics or alien interrogations if you managed to capture an alien alive. What about the dissections and the alien craft that you left behind? Well, it’s being taken cared of. That’s being done behind the scenes and you’ll get that info in good time and the other related research options therein. You still have plenty of things to research so don’t feel robbed here; Xenonauts makes research feel streamlined.Another interesting note is that wounded soldiers heal more realistically. This is a neat update while at the same time pretty frustrating. I liked it when people just took a few days off and then poof they were combat ready and good-as-new. In Xenonauts they take time to become combat ready with reduced stats and even more time to fully recover. When the number of days are up for your soldier to enter the field again, they are given a percentage of how much they’ve recovered. You’ll have less health to run around with and lose when you get shot. As time goes on, they do get better, but that’s with time.There are plenty of different looking locals between deserts, desert bases, towns, farms and enemy bases. They have different maps for the same type as well so you’ll never really feel that “you’ve been here before”. That is a very nice feature, because few things feel as cheap than reused levels. Some may call the graphic choice dated, but not only does it look nice aesthetically, the devs do a great job setting a creepy atmosphere with it. I really like the presentation of Xenonauts.One last note, the NPCs in Xenonauts are freaking amazing. Some are just helpless civilians and do stupid civilian things, but the guys with guns (soldiers and farmers) actually use thier guns to defend themselves. I’ve had some levels be finished by some random farmer killing an alien before my guys got to the part of the map. Well played Goldhawk Interactive, well played.Score: Tasty!There is a lot to love here for fans of tactical games. Nothing feels rushed and sometimes that’s a concern people have when games come out of Early Access. It’s all smooth running and gunning here. With the varied locals and very nice looking isometric scenery, there is some really good “retro” (if you want to call it that) eye-candy to be had. Goldenhawk Interactive doesn’t go out of their way to revamp the series with light blooms and next-gen graphics. They pull from what made the originals so great and modernize it. I have nothing bad to say about Xenonauts (especially since they allow me to lower the difficulty setting). I will try a harder difficulty later, but as of now I appreciate having my ego padded a little more."
,Recommended,223830,22856614,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Asa,PERFECTIONISTS PLEASE DON'T BUY THIS
76561197969360282,Recommended,223830,22485234,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,cosmicvisitor,Very nice game
76561198024889345,Recommended,223830,10077845,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,rfredeen,"The old XCOM is back!  If the XCOM enemy within and this one merged it could be the super game it could be. Both games are missing things the the other has.  Love the multiple bases, the base play and air game of the Xenonauts but its missing the newer XCOM enemy within metals, training school, MECHs, Gennetics and a few other things.  Overall it is a great game that could be upgraded to be Epic."
76561198040921075,Recommended,223830,8706014,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Stepping Razor,"Great game, seen some negative reviews but i dont believe those people have the time nor patients for things tHAt are well made.  I for one am glad you guys are not rushing this, take your time.  LOVE the OLDSCHOOL feel, and i actually think i have more options in this than most stupid Rushed games taht come out nowa days.  WELL DONE!!!!!!!!!!!!"
76561197967767593,Not Recommended,223830,16232640,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Twolinks,"This is Xcom - uknown clear copy... in my humble opinion, there is absolutely no difference in the game mechanics.I think, they only changed the graphics and user interface and graphics, and thats all... I really feel playing the exact same game. (I finished the 1st and original one hundred of times)But with THIS game, the real difference is they raised the difficulty to be STUPID.I got the best start of the game with 4 bases going in the 1st month + capacity to shoot down almost all enemy aircraft but I still loose MONEY revenu. Not to talk about my solders aim accuracy... even leutnants can miss a aimed shot at 10 feet...Honestly... skip this game, and download a free version of Xcom, you will get the same pleasure..."
76561198031553643,Recommended,223830,18045570,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Max Noskill,"8/10, Very good gameReview is for default v1.59 game. For enchanted playthrough, see notes about CE-version.True successor in the spirit to the UFO: Enemy Unknown (1994), its sequel Terror from the Deep (1995) and Microprose's latest 'UFO-colors' game, X-Com: Apocalypse (1997).Earth is under the attack by menacing alien forces which are gathered around the Earth orbit. Player is tasked to command Xenonaut-organization and plan the battle against this threat. Game consists of two parts: Geoscape where strategic planning happens and tactical turn-based combat which is heart & bone of the UFO-games.When compared to it's predecessors, game plays fairly lot in the same way. On Geoscape you build your own bases and try to maintain air superiority. Xenonauts get their (small) funding from the continents of the Earth. So one of the top priorities is build air superiority cover over the world parts if you want to receive spending money in the upcoming months. Air superiority means that you have to acquire interceptors, research upgrades to keep your edge up and shoot down UFOs. In addition of embarking to turn-based battle, any UFOs shot down could be airstriked for fixed sum of money and saved real world time.Aliens seem to first have problems to enter inside Earth atmosphere except with small crafts but that is rapidly changing. Therefore ground combat also has an important role: you acquire alien artefacts and your hired soldiers will get more experience. Increasing your soldier's statistics is one game aspect where you prepare to the end game. Also as this is an UFO-game, there are some inevitable combat losses which means you need to keep up healthy sized pool of soldiers. Also you have to protect your bases which usually means keeping the garrison on the base.On turn-based you get usual TB-game mechanics, with mid-turn interrupts and soldier movement is limited by 'time units'. Game design blunders are mostly avoided: xeno-soldiers can 'peek' from the corner facing diagonally towards it. Protection and cover is calculated only using the largest blocking object, making the decisions very simple. Weapons are labelled in very generic categories instead of giving you multitudes of the same. Assault rifle is an assault rifle, until you get a laser rifle (which works in exactly same way). This means you could pick generic weapon genre and chosen weapon would work in that role as expected. Combat system sounds very simple, but in practice it's working. Sure, you could have bad luck with the dice roll and aliens might get lucky shots, but that's UFO for you... do not leave your soldiers to the line of sight. :-)However, some things does not exist even advertised, like jumping through windows or are not advertised at all even they are actually useful (melee attack). Structural damage seems quite mild and there are no spectacular building collapses and wild-fires like in Apocalypse. Game will still have some irritating bugs for which I seriously considered score of 7 from 10. Also I would have liked to have several dropships on the same mission to train my rookie hordes, but you can't get everything, eh? Until you realize there's modders community...Interface works enough well to do it's job. That's all I have to say which means it's pretty mediocre, simplistic but it won't get in your way. Some people on forums have commented on lack of tablet/touch screen support.To the credit of the writer every game tech has fairly convincing description how this particular piece fits to the game universe. Even the upgrade works in exactly same way - like assault rifle works technically exactly as plasma rifle  - there is explanation how this particular piece of technology would affect the game universe. Also game soundtrack consists only of few pieces, but these are fairly moody.If you have waited all these years to pickup old UFO/X-Com and play again, look no further than Xenonauts. Game package additionally contains a short novel. Fairly generic reading, but entertaining enough and it adds to the game lore.Edit:To avoid already fixed bugs and errors in the game, you may want to use Community Edition (CE) version for your first playthrough. You can install CE version through the Steam."
,Recommended,223830,24957318,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,Zmane,"My entire squad was killed by a single reaper. I mean, it STARTED as a single reaper...10/10 would get my squad turned into horrific monsters again"
,Recommended,223830,7819923,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Butterlord,"Excellent game, very difficult"
76561198109592279,Recommended,223830,14704341,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Abs_S13,I just love it!!
76561198036997719,Recommended,223830,10977793,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,dustfang61,awesome
76561198032591521,Recommended,223830,25453495,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Copperhead,"Xenonauts is a strategy game in which you control a multi-national military organisation defending a Cold War-era Earth from alien invasion, using small squads of persistent soldiers to eliminate the extraterrestrials and recover their technology in turn-based ground combat."
76561198031360009,Recommended,223830,20511046,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,mordmorgan,Just like the real Xcom!
,Recommended,223830,20148500,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Petit Suisse,A must for all x-com / laser squad lovers! Just perfect!
76561198059547897,Recommended,223830,12115300,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,PFC Gillespie [29th ID],"This game is really good. The only thing I don't like about it is the mind control. Other than that, it's great."
76561198049566274,Recommended,223830,20418386,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,GroWiamRus,Very nice realy buy it ! =D
,Recommended,223830,7886659,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Qcumber,I beleive Xenonauts to be the best Strategic Planetary Defence Simulator.
,Recommended,223830,16527777,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Last King,"A true successor to the X-Com series, much better and closer to the original than the new remake.Also, no snake♥♥♥♥♥♥in this one."
76561197983175357,Recommended,223830,28946651,Posted: 2 January,all,[WC]Lyssyran,Good X-Com reboot
,Recommended,223830,11055407,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,SACPH4N70M,"As a huge fan of Turn Based Strategy games, and being raised on X-Com (Still own the floppy discs) I have to say if you're looking for a spiritual successor to the original games this one matches it the closest.If you're familiar with the original X-Coms this game will seem very familiar to you. The game falls into two categories of gameplay. A globe you must monitor, while in this ""Geoscape"" the world will go through day and night cycles. During this time you can set scientists to research, Workers to manufacture, and slowly build from a tiny strike force into a globe encompassing powerhouse as you aquire more and more alien technology and information of what they are doing on earth. The key to this part of the game, is sending out fighters to have aerial battles in a very neat radar style where you move your fighters around to position for maximum effectiveness, or to eventually touch down your transport vehicles to enter the next stage of the game.The second part is where the core of the gameplay lies. A turn based isometric game. Rather than diverging away from the original and giving them 2 actions like the new X-Coms. Characters have AP, meaning all of your abilities must be carefully calculated for the perfect shot or just to hope you can run far enough away after missing and shouting out loud at your computer.  These points can also be used for a variety of abilities, from weaponry to alien technologies.The gameplay feels very genuine and solid, you'll never curse the game for slip-ups, as it's quite informative about how much AP an action or moving will work. Although knowing if something will still be blocking your shot can be somewhat confusing. The feeling of moving inside of an alien ship will fill you with as much dread as it used to. The only issue that ever came up was spotting enemies and still not seeing them in game.I was a bit skeptical about the price as I suppose I've been spoiled by steam, but this game is definitely worth it as of now. Although some of the art assets seem a bit out of place and a bit to cartoon like, the art inside the turn based is smooth and polished enough to recognize what's happening. And notice some very nice cosmetics, particularly the exterior of  the alien ships.In terms of soundtrack, you'll find it quite suspensful which is always a pleasure on games like this. The sound effects are crisp, and hearing an alien scream as you shoot across the map will give you a little fist pump moment.Honestly pick this one up and support the devs. Have fun with it and know this is one of the best successors to those old games you loved.I'd give it a 9/10, my only qualms are some of the art assets, and a few technical issues. Beyond that it's been a great game!"
76561198032081611,Recommended,223830,20022410,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,VLH,"Everything that was awesome about XCOM:UFO Defense is in this game.  If you don't know what XCOM: UFO Defense is than you are probably up past your bedtime, and your mommy is gonna get mad at you.  So go to sleep. Then wake up and download XCOM: UFO Defense, and play it with DOSBOX.It was probably the most popular and influential turn based tactical combat game ever, in its day."
,Recommended,223830,10937952,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,CasualRando,"As frustrating and addictive as the original XCOM but without the glitches. I do miss the autocannons though. Minuses: cannot rotate the map; the resolution only affects the window size so the text is the size of fly droppings.Still, highly recommend this."
76561198222854876,Recommended,223830,17242256,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,martinjohn.moore,Exellent game if you like Xcom you will love this worth every penny.
76561198055138998,Recommended,223830,17208654,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,ioanpaulpirau,Is a nice game reminescent of former UFO enemy unknown. Is finished indeed but could use a bit of polish still. Ending is very very short and simple as opposed to XCOM
,Recommended,223830,18400809,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Tezla Alchemia,"its absolutely the best game to play if you are looking for classic XCOM goodness though it lacks the pollish of the new XCOM games.if i had to file a complaint, it would be the lack of a steam workshop page!this game neeeeeeds mods to be more readily available than they already are."
76561197984796262,Recommended,223830,23339371,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,mortality,"Great game, Xcom is a game i would always go back and play.This game captures the atmosphere, the difficulty and the tactics of Xcom perfectly.Would accidentally stun 6/8 of my team and still win again...10/10"
76561198026846672,Recommended,223830,17500534,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Spark the RPG magnet,"This game feels a lot like XCOM: EU where all they did was remove the best parts of the game but this time they did it even worse. The only thing great about this game is the workshop, because the vanilla game is actually pretty bad.You see, what made you invested in the tactical part of the game was the alien loot you could grab when you finished the mission. From there you could continue your research, or if you were low on funds, sell it to foreign powers. That was the best part of the game, manufacturing weapons, and then selling them to the governments of the world. It allowed you to continue funding science projects, and recruit staff had the odds swung against you. Sometimes you couldn't get enough missions or things didn't turn out right, and a few nations stop funding your project.That was removed, and from what it seems, the political aspect as well. You aren't trying to convince the governments of the world that your project can work. You seem to just get a set amount of income each year, I don't know who funds us, or why, we just get money.Well, I can take a good challenge, tough aliens, and the great level design the game throws at me. But the most disgusting part of the game is aiming. This game takes XCOM's difficulty over the top. While yes, enemies did cheat a bit, but there were few times when they could shoot through walls. But the game's difficulty doesn't come from enemy health, uniqueness, or powers or even intelligence. No. The game's difficulty comes from your soldier's ability to aim, alone. I find it hard to be invested at all in this game, with the ability to sell loot, manufacture items, or attempting to convince the UN that the xcom project works. I find it even harder to invest myself when soldiers shoot like idiots.You can have 1 alien surrounded by four soldiers, and have ALL of them miss. You can have the odds in your favor, the perfect LOS, and miss. What? You don't think it's that bad? ""It might not be that bad, I'll give it a go"" Let me give an example of how BAD a soldier's aim is:There was an alien in a ship, the door destroyed by my rocket launcher. I took my heavy weapons soldier, told her to fire at the alien inside of the ship. You know what she does? SHE TURNS AROUND AND SHOOTS THE SOLDIER NEXT TO HER. SHE UNLOADS ON THIS POOR ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ LIKE SHE WAS INJECTED WITH ADAMANTIUM RAGE. KILLING HIM INSTANTLY.This game has so much potential, but it's like the developers thought the only way to make aliens any kind of threat was to nerf your soldier's aim. Down to the point where they couldn't even shoot an alien that's in a square next to them. Stuff like this NEVER happened in xcom, in xcom YOU'D HIT! But you were never sure if you were going to KILL!Also, the morale in this game feels so screwed up! Your soldiers would take one hit, and then immediately go beserk? The last time I played xcom, your soldiers would only go beserk if someone DIED. In fact, beserking soldiers were actually pretty rare if you kept everyone alive. And even if I'm wrong on this, they should fix it, soldiers should not beserk or panic after getting hit once.This game is frustrating but I feel like the workshop fixes some of it's problems."
76561198013677865,Recommended,223830,2858527,"Posted: 10 August, 2013",all,RoyBaty,This game is so unfair it's brilliant!
76561198027676372,Recommended,223830,25980751,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Drages,"A real X-Com clone. This game gives you all control you missed from real X-Com, it's not like crappy fraxis versions.If you are interested or someone who played already without mods, for all of you who likes the game or hated it, i recommend you to use XCE version aka Xenonauts Community Edition which got tons of fixes and new things. After you finished XCE version, you can try X-Division mod created by a dedicated team leading by me. We aim to create X-Com exprience.Join us at Goldhawk forums!"
,Recommended,223830,27918276,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Space Man Stan,"The single best turn based strategy game that I've played, always fun to come back to"
,Recommended,223830,20978797,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Sam Ford,Better than XCOM Enemy Unknown.
76561198296616231,Recommended,223830,29111898,Posted: 8 January,all,FlamingRetard,"10/10 i hit the aliens, the aliens bleed, game counts it as a miss, would buy again"
76561198027629402,Recommended,223830,7756393,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Lesser Dog,"If you had any fun at all playing the original X-com games, then this game is perfect for you. It sucessfully takes the old X-com and improves it in every way it can. Whilst still a bit unfair in aerial combat, most of the game is greatly balanced, and by that, I mean you will get your♥♥♥♥♥handed to you on a daily basis. So yeah, the original X-com difficulty returns. Your troops still have the accuracy of a drunk stormtrooper, carry weapons that are about as effective as Nerf guns loaded with napkins, and wear laser attracting magnets on their faces. It's awsome.Edit:The game is out now! And a sequel has been anounced!I can't wait to name my soldiers after people I know and cry when they inevitably die all over again."
,Recommended,223830,14183173,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Loofa,I don't even begin to understand this game.R.I.P.That poor guy who I sent alone into that apartment building that I forgot the name of10/10Australia hates me
76561197998235957,Recommended,223830,16640801,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Pｉｎｋ　Ｓｕｐｅｒｖｉｓｏｒ,me like tactical turn based strategy
76561197975217971,Recommended,223830,678900,"Posted: 12 June, 2013",all,wolford171,Good if you like xcom
76561198093914932,Recommended,223830,32031231,Posted: 28 May,all,Fegelein,is good
,Recommended,223830,14706589,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Simulacra_53,"With only 5 hrs into the game I can say that it plays how I remember the original XCOM - UFO Defense back in '94.It is funny how those ""great vga graphics"" could pull you into a whole new world!Xenonauts captures what was great about that game, but with a nice new high res graphics environment that although basic is more than enough for this kind of gameplay.So far the good, that is more than enough to warrant my purchase.The only things I find disappointing (minor) is the choice of uniforms, the early troopers look like sewage workers with old piz pans on their head. Even in the late seventies early eighties, special forces looked like special forces. In Xenonauts they look like early James Bond baddies...Also there are too few conventional weapons, like SMGs etc.Although minor, I'd like to have some variation.The troops should look like the bad asses they are supposed to be, with the variety of weapons that Spec Ops use.Being relatively basic in the graphics department (and weapons modeling) it should not be too difficult to address these matters (like the modding community is doing at the moment).Also the maps seem to lack variety, even with my few hours of game play, that might become an issue in the long run. The way the maps are generate, might lead to the game becoming too repetitive.Aliens have a tendency to pop in and out of their UFO, shooting when it is their turn and going back when it is the player's turn. Tedious and very gamey, of course a rocket or heavy weapon can remove the door and solve that issue. Still some AI tweaking seems to be in place, including interaction with the environment.Still I like the game and it earns a solid 7/10, which could easily get above 8 if the developer gives it a little more attention, even if it is done through DLC."
,Recommended,223830,14476400,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,lpg3,This game is wonderful! just reading the rules made me a little bit giddy. Buy it. Play it. You will love it!
76561197960721237,Recommended,223830,14603698,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Deroven,"If you hate yourself and want to have a nervous breakdown, play this game.The ammount of friends I've put in the game and then gotten killed is... astronomical. If you can keep your friends alive, you're better than me.Oh, and reapers? F*** reapers."
,Recommended,223830,14605813,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,MD7,Best non-X-com X-com game to date. Feels like the old school X-com but better in every way. Great game.
76561198063059690,Recommended,223830,32587760,Posted: 20 June,all,darkkonz88,Xenonauts has a miss chance just as bad as ♥♥♥♥ing xcom if you love the pain of the best mate getting killed get this and the horrid miss chance
76561198090471494,Recommended,223830,26173689,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,The Canadian Raven,10/10
,Recommended,223830,10890305,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Conboy137,One of the greatest strategy games ever. It may say i have played hardley any hours but i have been playing the beta on desura. The devs should make dlc and stuff for this cos i would buy    10/10
,Recommended,223830,24593534,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,JustSomeGuy,"This game is what happens when you take a competent development team, the classic X-COM, filter out all the '90s stuff, and add some new features.Standard operating procedure: Build bases, launch interceptors to shoot down UFOs, send teams to assault crashed UFOs, Watch them die in droves to the aliens' superior weaponry""Naming your soldiers after friends or family makes their deaths more tragic/hilarious.""-Actual tip from one of the loading screens"
,Recommended,223830,11827145,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Beugnen,Hardcore gaming at its best
76561198070870119,Recommended,223830,14649042,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,CLOROX Disinfecting Wipes,"Xenonauts is perfect at what it wants to be. It's punishingly difficult. It's loaded with depth. The graphics are good-surprisingly. I've only tapped the surface of this game but I see potential for 100's of hours of gameplay here-depending on how masochistic I want to be with the difficulty slider. The community and developers are endlessly finding ways to improve the game while adding content like map variety which I find to be crucial for a game like this. It's my best purchase  on steam for many, many months. This is what PC gaming is all about."
,Recommended,223830,20391344,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Krydoza,"A 2D Isometric X-Com Clone, this game suffers from the inability to rotate the map, but is on the whole an enjoyable game."
76561198044006471,Recommended,223830,21395657,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,HateSoldier,.
76561198030355148,Recommended,223830,10645126,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,kolsto,"This game makes you feel like the first time you played x-com. Instead for going into alot of details, let me say i always read the negative reviews on games before buying anyhing,Now- this game really is entertaining, it is enjoyable and easy to play,  but remember you will be extinct if you stick your neck to far out.Is it worth 25us?!Yes it is.!"
,Recommended,223830,12384344,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Rad Shiba,This is the best XCOM. ♥♥♥♥ all others. ♥♥♥♥ Firaxis. We have the Anthrax America. You cannot stop us.
,Recommended,223830,10352496,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Kirb,its p.good
,Recommended,223830,34479281,Posted: 25 August,all,ＨＥＹ　ＷＡＳＳＨＩ,"I finally gave up after more than half of Earth stopped funding me. Everything important has been pretty much said. XCOM OG with ""improved"" graphics. Now this is THE XCAWM, bby. Can't wait for the sequel to tear me a new ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
76561198041101788,Recommended,223830,33148025,Posted: 2 July,all,A88mph,"The Best of both the original XCOM, and the Enemy Unknown/Within remakes."
76561198048005864,Recommended,223830,8253491,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Ubernet67,"The developers of this game planned to make it so that both true fans of UFO Defense and this generation's gamers would enjoy it. I think they succeeded! Yes, this game right now is in beta, and a good amount of bugs/glitches are present, but I've been having a blast with this game! It improves on a lot of the tedious features of UFO Defense, while still having the same awesome feel that it has."
76561198027176173,Recommended,223830,10515780,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,~ shatter proof ~,Execellent
,Not Recommended,223830,19633806,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Modzog hellcase.com,"This game is huge dissapointment.I cant play it. Ground combat is completely screwed.I dont know how its further in game but at the begining troops that are suposed to be elite have 90 degree fov and they cant see further than 30 meters.They also cant hit the target with aimed shot (sniper rifle) that is 15m away with no ostacles in the way.My feeling from this game is: Im in control of bunch of retrads. Cant enjoy that :-(This game is supposed to be ""struggling"" from the beginning but for different reasons than ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ soldiers. (like lack of technology, resources, propper weapons and armors.)"
,Recommended,223830,33071118,Posted: 30 June,all,Uberbasher,Can say that this perfectly resembles classic x-com and i personaly have no issues with that. ;)
,Recommended,223830,10497545,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Crofticus,Holy mother of Jebus this is awesome
76561198062690037,Recommended,223830,20669291,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,jamboa42,"It's a fun and challenging game, and I gave it a go, but then realized I have Xcom: Enemy Unknown in my library and would rather just replay that.Recommended if you haven't played XCOM: Enemy Unkown, or want to try a stripped down version of it."
76561198002885709,Recommended,223830,10501920,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Osmos,"Feels like original x-com, recommend to buy!"
76561197960765826,Recommended,223830,14112310,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Fishstick ζ°))))))彡,Very good my friends.
76561198032532678,Recommended,223830,17994343,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,heit1_32,Amazing! Far better than the rip off new Xcom game that sucked.
76561198007096833,Recommended,223830,25485447,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,apavlides24,"I haven't played any of the X-COM, or XCOM games at all, but I like squad tactics games. And this is it. It's a tad too hard in my opinion at normal difficulty for the casual gamer, especially terror missions but easy difficulty is too easy.So far, I like and enjoy it, using a couple of mods."
76561198018929665,Recommended,223830,8599226,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Lexxx12,Great. X-com spirit! Keep up the good job!
,Recommended,223830,29620908,Posted: 31 January,all,MULKMULKMULKMULKMULKMULKMULK,yes
76561198007409592,Recommended,223830,12974397,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Ulfgar Ardo,Do you remmeber the old Ufo Enemy Unknown ? Did you spend contless hours loving every aspect of it ? Yes ? Good. Get this game now!
76561197997525990,Recommended,223830,20136326,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Regalius,"If you love Xcom but wish it were more fleshed out, or if you love Classic Xcom and find the graphics just too painful on the eyes this is an amazing middle ground.No nerfing of the tactical gameplay, fully destructable environs and fully customizable characters that are not class locked by a pointless skill tree.Buy this game if you are a strategy gamer. Just do it, this taught me so many lessons. It is because of this game I might survive the next major world confict by KEEPING MY DUMB♥♥♥♥♥IN FULL COVER.This game is almost perfect, minus a few graphical glitches and the fact that it is low res. It is one of my favorite games I have ever played, I wish they could translate this to modern graphics soon.Top 5 game. If it is on sale and you don't buy it, you've cost yourself an opportunity."
,Recommended,223830,29233268,Posted: 13 January,all,GФDDДMИ_ДЯЯDI,"If you(A): like the concept behind the original X-COM games.(B): like the original X-COM games.(C): want to be driven to suicide by a game's ironman mode (on the hardest difficulty of course)this is the game for you.Even if you didn't fit into any of those, buy it anyways ecks dee.Recommend this game, just know that it's like the original XCOM.if you fheck up the games not going to stop kicking your unconscious body with a power fist strapped to its foot just because you didnt research laser weapons and instead decided to fhecking research sand castle building or some crapalso remember that the game doesnt notify you that your interceptors are behind the enemy when you set them to 'tail target' unless its 'tail until over land' because why would you want to engage the enemy obviously youre just watching them land, its a surveillance droney'know like that united states nuclear bombe- i mean surveillance drone thats flying overheadoh look its dropping an amazon prime packageoh no im a skeleton nowalso remember that your soldiers can and will go berserk for literally no fhecking reason if you let them get shot and then your entire team is panicked and then OH LOOK SOME REAPERS HOW FUNalso reapers are more annoying than fhecking chyrsallids because they oneshot"
76561198002074367,Not Recommended,223830,16674990,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,SgtGumbo,"Although I enjoy playing the game, it definitely has really clumsy and illogical mechanics to it.The game has great artwork, and the actual strategy and gameplay is solid enough for me to want to play it for a few hours at a time (which is rare), but there are things in the game that make it hard for me to recommend it.For example, corners turn out to provide 0 cover and there is no clearly defined cover system. This means that a guy crouched in a doorway with a riot shield is actually completely exposed from 45 degree angles. And the game is full of things like this. Where did you toss that grenade? At the alien? Or is it at your feet? You'll find out soon..The game is full of small bugs, poor design, and crashes every once in a while.The menu system is also extremely clunky, and could've been much better. A huge amount of the game is spend managing through the menu system that is simply painful to use, especially for the outfitting of soldiers.And soldiers are completely depersonalized except for a portrait and their origins. No matter what backround or gender a soldier comes from, they will appear on the map as a faceless white guy. There is no dialog or anything.. just feels like a missed opportunity.I love the game for the strategy and the cold war art style, but I just can't recommend it to anyone who isn't a hardcore strategy fan"
,Recommended,223830,25043952,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Stormfish3000,Never have I actually felt scared for my in game characters... 10/10 ILoveGame
,Recommended,223830,32661880,Posted: 22 June,all,classicdevil,Love this game!!!
76561198081953357,Recommended,223830,27853355,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Sirgeorge,An oldy but a goody. Keeps up well with the mods.
76561198064392356,Recommended,223830,27932360,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Maranello1952,Simply awesome.
76561197984926698,Recommended,223830,27865845,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Ruffie,"This game is like a snuff porn film where the aliens kill humans en masse!Otherwise, great game!"
76561198039936540,Recommended,223830,25035629,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,g_rock88,For any true x com fan this game is highly recommended
76561198103054876,Recommended,223830,25008284,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Teabaron29,Still havent managed to win this game but is fun to play and addicitive as well.
,Recommended,223830,33941716,Posted: 31 July,all,Jolls,Loved it. Loved the original X-Com. This one is in its spirit but with a few upgrades and no real negatives.
76561198046141240,Recommended,223830,34363323,Posted: 19 August,all,ejsmont.artur,very good
76561198173471621,Recommended,223830,33848519,Posted: 27 July,all,dipmonk,"I LOVE this game.I find the original X-COM's graphics too old.I enjoy the new XCOM, but it's missing good global strategy, airborne dogfights, and proper resource management...Xenonauts has it all.Some people wrote negative reviews in the past, but most of their complaints aren't valid any more, because...- The latest build is not buggy- You can download the Community Edition from Goldhawk's forums to make the game even more awesome- Air combat isn't hard if you just watch a youtube tutorial or practice a bitAs for the graphics... okay, they're kinda basic, but they get the job done. And you can easily replace the soldier's portraits and other things on your own, if you want. Put in pics of your friends & family, or portraits of characters from other games..."
76561198059740220,Recommended,223830,14940821,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,BigRowdy,Great game which I play offline alot. Very cool map mods alleviate repetetiveness. More like classic xcom than Enemy Within. Only negative is the music which makes me sleepy for some reason. I wish someone would mod the original xcom music to this game...dont know if thats possible.
,Recommended,223830,13267994,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,VoiD,"Great game, similar to old school XCOM."
76561198026922837,Recommended,223830,13376910,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,AFKJoker,Very Enjoyable
76561198088783288,Recommended,223830,14480625,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Ergele,Thumbs up to this game!
76561198050102597,Not Recommended,223830,10410637,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Sertun,"Xenonauts is quite ok game honestly, but do not expect too much. It is slightly modernized X-COM and that's all.Graphics is indie-good. Transition to Cold War times is a nice move and ufo-generated events (abductions, crop circles etc.) adds a lot to the game creepy atmosphere. The story... well, I can't tell much about it yet, but it can turn out to be good.Otherwise this remake of X-COM is extemely close to original, even in its awful, really awful interface and slow uneventful combat system. Seriously: Time Units suck, especially when interface doesn't help you much to predict whether you have enough of them to complete your plan. Soldiers can't look behind a corner! They need to WALK behind a corner, then TURN - take a REACTION shot from an enemy - then maybe SHOOT, then WALK back. WTF. Cover system is very obscure. You cannot tell at first glance how much protection a cover offers and where you should place your soldier to use it effectively.New air combat is unnecessarily hardcore though it can have an appeal of its own. I struggled to fight against light scouts losing a fighter after a fighter, while autocombat offered me a 100% victory. It's not impossible to master, but well, it's hardcore. I warned you.Back to ground missions. Maps are extremely similar to each other. I found myself playing on the same map three times in a row, only differences being my starting place and UFO type!Xenonauts could be a much better game if they dared to shred some X-COM's obsolete features like TU's and interface micromanagement, but well, we have Firaxis XCOM with Long War mod for that."
76561197962289127,Not Recommended,223830,33548146,Posted: 14 July,all,Drenzul,"Really wanted to like this game, but three things are stopping me.1> Buggy cover. Aliens who can shoot you even through you can't shoot them and visa-versa. Makes zero sence.2> Full cover..... guys can't just lean round the corner and shoot.... and then to actually shoot they have to step out into zero cover.... no halfway house3> Silly path finding, you tell them to go somewhere, they realise they can't get there and turn round and go somewhere different without giving you chance to counter it.Unfortunatly these are pretty much game breakers given how important the use of cover is. Its a shame because it looks like it could have been a good game without these bugs/poor thought through mechanics."
76561197973370504,Not Recommended,223830,10315960,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,How many lights?,"The game is buggy to all hell, and crashes constantly. Often not randomly. The keyboard binds do not save, and the interface is.. sticky and unpolished.Between losing support, the insane maintenance cost of multiple bases, staff, vehicles and production costs,the game difficulty curve never changes, and there is nothing you can do get ahead of it. Your troops never even get as good as the aliens troops, they are ALWAYS better, faster, more accurate.The aliens are ALL snipers (even the blind ones). They can shoot through glass, over obstacles and kill your troops in one hit easily on normal. Whereas my troops will sometimes miss a 3 yard shot with an 85% chance to hit, 4 times in a row. Or a heavy weapons soldier with a 25% chance to hit will miss all 10 bullets with his\her burst. Even with 8 Colonels for a fire team my troops cant help but shoot each other and miss 95% accurate shots way more often then they should. Additionally, shots are % based on your total time units, so your troops NEVER get to fire more shots per round, just move further.The reaction fire system makes it almost impossible to kill any aliens without getting shot yourself by the alien who's turn it ISN'T, because all the aliens seem to have AMAZING reaction times.2 Months into the game you need 4 bases and 20 fighter craft to deal with the entire worlds ufo problems and you will only have money 1\5 of that. Ufo invasions come in literal swarms so your ships sit and wait or are outnumbered 3 to 1.Scientists and engineers can NOT be moved from base to base, they must be fired and re-hired.(What year is it and how many turn based strategies have there been?)Tech options (research trees) are mundane and boring. Its the same old Balistic-Laser-Plasma, blah, blah, blah. Translation: more damage, better accuracy, different sound effects. Nothing interesting like a toxi-gun, or other biologic warfare. Even the bullets from the shotgun look like sniper and assault rifle bullets. Same with laser and plasma.All in all. The game is glitchy, my soldiers would rather shoot themselves, and it's a save\load-fest even on normal, the load times on the larger ship missions are un-godly long..oh and no quick save\load option.X-Com Apoc is STILL the best turn-based strategy. It was beyond stable, ran like water off a hydrophobic surface, good mission time vs geo-scape time balance (didn't spend 98% of your time in missions), well balanced difficulty curve (troops got dope), with interesting tech options.The soundtrack on Child of Light would get a better score than this game."
76561198128367563,Not Recommended,223830,20511623,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,kingtumbleweed,I love tactical games. Just not this one.
,Not Recommended,223830,21219372,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Brad,"I got this game while to hold me over until xcom 2 came out and was quite hyped for it after some of the gameplay I had seen.The logistical aspect of the game, managing your bases , building facilities and hiring more staff is awesome. and has even more scope then xcom eu. The abilitiy to build and field TANKS was one of big things I was looking forward to in this game and I was not disapointed.I never played any of the original xcom games so I found the combat a little hard to grasp, and it took me awhile to figure out how turn units work, but after I got past the learning curve it wasn't bad at all.The artwork is top notch and all the lore behind research projects is well worth the read.You're probablly wondering why I'm giving this a negative review after hearing how great I think the game is, but the last is also the most important.The game feels dead.......When I go on a mission and deploy my troops there's no life, A simple idle animation would suffice so people don't look like cardboard props standing in a field. There's no discernable ambiance and while this may not sound very important, it is. The game might actually be very entertaining but after a few minutes it simply gets to dry to play.I hold high hopes for the next game because with just a little more work this game could easily be better than the current xcom."
,Recommended,223830,8794645,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Peltz,I finally finished the game. I don't see myself going for another run because in the end the game became such a drag. Around the 100th hour i just wanted it to end and about 30 hours more it did.The game works. The majority of bugs have been ironed out and the turns pass quite a bit faster than they used to. Theres definitely enough content to warrant a playthrough but not much more.
,Recommended,223830,33397034,Posted: 9 July,all,burzvingion,Why are you reading this?  Go.  Buy the game.  Now.
76561198007807564,Recommended,223830,14182520,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Drunetovich,It is time to play this amazing game. It is in a perfect out even better!
76561197998949579,Not Recommended,223830,18453553,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,beermaker,"Connot recommend this game. Had written a long article why not and how, but in the end the last two lines sum it up:""If you want to fight aliens, play XCOM. That is the benchmark. Everything you find in Xenonauts is there, only better.Xenonauts is the C64-Version of XCOM - nothing more, but a lot less."""
76561198007792074,Recommended,223830,14607637,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,IndigoWolfe,"I waited on this game for close to what... a year now? At first I was unsure if it was worth the money, and people's complaints about LoS and other annoyances held me at bay even more. Today, finally, FINALLY a discount worth getting the game at. I love it more than the new X-Com. Not only do I already enjoy it's systems just a few hours in, but besides the stray trick-shotting alien, the game runs perfectly and feels fair. The time period is spot on, the music is spot on, and the atmosphere gets so tense that I have jumped twice playing so far. Top this with the time units, allowing you to pop out of cover and fire, the great LoS(the ability to face your soldiers and actual vision arcs)/cover (the abiltiy to crouch, and intervening objects actually having an effect on accuracy) systems and you have a tactical game that is better than most on the market. I've dumped copious amounts of money to my regret into games that are too slow or too shallow, where the atmpshere it too light for the game or the game too light for the atmosphere. Xenonauts does not stand in the ranks of those games. If you played the new X-Com, throw it away and come learn how to run an actual defense network. Buy it. I give you my word you wont regret it. The truth is out there."
76561197999169735,Not Recommended,223830,21454772,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Zikh,"I played this one through just out of boredom. First I tried playing it on ironman, but soon noticed that the whole game is riddled with oneshot ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t through walls and other cool stuff like that which you have zero control over in any way and absolutely no way to counter them, in any way. Your guys will constantly get oneshot, even in the best armor, out of the blue, or sometimes, through walls.I especially love the grenade mechanics in this game. You see that comforting animation of something flying and you're like: ""yay! grenades!"". Sadly, the reality is cold: they thought it's too much hassle to actually code grenades to have their own mechanics, like flying path which would allow them to fly OVER the obstacles. Instead, they fly in a straight line like bullets hitting every possible obstacle on the screen and in addition to that they have ridiculously low hit % and the scatter is random to the max. Of course this doesn't prevent the aliens from throwing grenades THROUGH EVERYTHING, including walls, and hitting with them 100%. More ofthen than not that results in the death of everyone in the blast radius, even with best armor and 100hp. Mass oneshots, yay. If you ever happen to hit with your own grenade, you can feel happy if it makes a scratch on the alien. Also you can't even blow up covers effectively with grenades thanks to the... ""interesting"" explosion mechanics they use. And in addition generally you need 2-4 grenades to destroy any envinroment block. So yeah, grenades, why are they in the game?Also your hit % with most weaponry is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ly low unless you go into melee and the cover mechanics are iffy at best. If there's a pebble anywhere in the path between you and your enemy, your shot will lose hit %. And I mean literally a pebble. A pebble will lower your aim by 10% and anything fist sized will lower it by 25% and so on. And... I don't even want to get started about the % based action costs. Basically your virgin rookie who hasn't drawn first blood will shoot his/her gun as just as many times as your battle-hardened commander who's looked death and slaughter into eyes and laughed. Your highest rank soldier will move a few squares further and that's it. He'll still get oneshot anyways.The combat is extremely simplistic, exactly like it was over 20 years ago in the original X-COM games. That's all nice and cool, but if I want to play a game with 20 years old technology I'll play those games, which actually have functioning grenades as well in addition to some other cool stuff. Additionaly they have the great excuse of actually being over 20 years old, so you can forgive their flaws more easily.From the newer X-COM games I really missed the classes and how they affected the game play in various different ways. It added spices to the old mix, making missions different and changing your approach. Also another thing I missed was the ""trinket"" items of the newer games. Like S.C.O.P.E.S. and stuff. The lack of player usable psionics is also a con.But is there anything good in this game at all...? Well, I liked the base buildling and how you had to manage more than one base to save the Earth. Also the air combat mechanics, even though simple, were a nice thing. Both of these could've been improved on, massively. The base structures could've had more variation in different ways and so on. But still, it's an indie game and at least they tried.And why do you have storerooms in the game at all if they are basically not used? You store what? 2 items in those? Alien alloy and energy things. Why do you destoy the alien corpses after the missions? I'm sure there would be a market for alien skull decor for housing if you have no other use for the corpses. Also the rewards of doing missions are pretty lackluster, but in this game that's a good thing when you think about it...Apparently there's going to be Xenonauts 2 so we shall see if they manage to actually improve the mechanics. I hope so. This one had potential, but you can see through it's flaws after a very short time of playing.I can't really recommend this game unless you're suffering from massive boredom. If you want some turn-based alien action I'd recommend you to try The Long War mod for X-Com:Enemy Within."
76561198010762793,Not Recommended,223830,14846818,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,BizzyBeast,"I dont want to be too harsh, as I kind of enjoy the game. Problems are front and center though. Like aliens having amazing accuracy and your soldiers dying quite often. Its not that the loss is unbearable, I like that, its really just a balance issue. The combat is way off. Its best to just have a random guy you didnt name, push up with a shield. Then all the other characters use sniper/rifle, and a machine gunner. This circumvents the crazy high enemy accuracy/damage. It makes the combat dull and even without that element, the combat is dull enough since its really a very standard turn based combat system.The building of your base is clunky, after awhile you figure out what does what (most of it), and why you need it. But building is expensive and income is limited. Early on you can only wait to loot UFOs you shoot down. Thing about that though, is on my first game I had the game is max fast forward and waited a literal 8 minutes before a UFO triggered my radar. Bad placement, I thought... Worst of all, I couldnt catch the UFO. I waited another 3 minutes in max speed, until I got my first UFO. Then inbetween them, they were so scarce. My 3rd game was much better, still more rare then I liked, but I got about 11 of them, out of maybe 18, shot down and secured.The research and mechanic shop are nice, the game does have a good feel to it, but overall the problems with it bog it down from being overly exciting or absurd fun. I got it on humble bundle for like 2$, at that price I absolutely recommend it."
,Recommended,223830,33795933,Posted: 25 July,all,dwarffort,love getting rekt by reapers10/10
76561198009934518,Recommended,223830,13422927,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Abby Normal,Nice.
,Not Recommended,223830,13421296,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,0xDEADC0DE,"XENONAUTS FANBOIS BEWARE : THE FOLLOWING WILL BE A HARSH COMPARISON TO THE CLASSIC XCOM (1994 - 1995), DO NOT READ THIS REVIEW IF YOUR WELLBEING DEPENDS ON CONSTANT GLORIFICATION OF THIS GAME OR IF YOU GET UPSET EASILY :(scroll down if you want to read about reality, please)1) in parts buggy2) bad, miniscule research3) interesting aircraft-recovery, losing a craft costs nothing but WILL cost time (usually 72 hours)4) difficulty-progression is worse / more steep than in XCOM (yes, the real, classic ones) - basically you have 2 years  ... which is far from good and isnt any fun --- unlike XCOM in which the player has at least a decent amount of time before♥♥♥♥♥♥hits the fan5) available money seems adequate at first - but if you dont want to lose after 2 years you will need to invest EVERYTHING and fear every loss because that can (and will) end the game. Thats XCOM on high difficulty, in this game its medium. Thats sad.(i dont remember the exact difficulty-names, sorry)6) research doesnt make much sense - the results are well explained but its senseless to gain knowledge about ARMOR during PLASMA RIFLE reseach, for example - that should've been available after ""alien alloys"" .... and its only a small example7) air combat is a bit more fun than in XCOM - but its also a bit harder8) air-retreat has a big bug : the match ends only once the UFO (!) has left the screen, even if your fighter has already left9) ground combat is ... not bad, it basically looks like XCOM with high resolution but in that case i prefer a lower resolution - either polish the classic combat in ways which make it better or keep it like it is .... there is no in-between, everything else looks pretty cheap to be honest and thats exactly what this game is -- even the dying-animations (if one could call em that) are cheap and consist of .... one (?) single step - in XCOM it was at least 2-3 per alien.10) Music is good but the soundeffects are pretty bad - most sounds are missing or replaced by very bad ones11) It has no XCOM-like feeling, the ground combat does not instill fear, there is zero tense anywhere and  it looks like ... something boring.12) ground combat-view is not rotatable. Yes. One of the most important features in tactical, turn-based games is missing. XCOM had it. Because its necessary.13) the world map looks bad - even XCOM had a (much) better one, even in 3Dconclusion : its worse than the classics in some ways. The few additives make it worthwile for a few hours but thats it ... if you want a new (and ACTUAL) XCOM-follower this is not your game, its basically a bad version of what should've been released from the original XCOM-developers a few years after the last of the (original) series ... not bad but also not really good."
76561198087077872,Recommended,223830,33859006,Posted: 28 July,all,Pappagiorgio,"Frustrating, and at times even ridiculous, RNG combat copy pasted straight from XCOM:EU/EW, but FAR more engrossing and immersive. Even with its plain 2D graphics that might put off some, it doesn't really detract from enjoying such a great title. This is a straight retro, old-school type strategy game, more in tune with the older, and superior, XCOM titles.Less pretentious than EU/EW too in its overall presentation, and with interesting enemies rather than those stereotypical, Mars Attacks!/Halo(Grunts)-esque dumb looking ones. And you will not spend ridiculous amounts of time customizing the armour, looks and fashion of a soldier that might not survive till the end, and that you might lose in the next mission. Which is what most people always seem to do in the newer XCOMs, spending more time customizing their units than playing the actual game. This ain't a dress-up, pimp your gang, fashionista title, it doesn't have any cosmetic DLCs to begin with.It is recommended, even by the devs, to move to the Community Edition branch on the BETAS tab, by right-clicking on the game in the Steam library, and on properties. It's an updated version of the game, it improves upon it, fixing some bugs and balancing some other issues. So I suggest to do that before installing the game for the first time."
,Recommended,223830,27888252,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Nasa,lit
76561198016277251,Not Recommended,223830,13737107,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,AlexMBrennan,"Certainly an interesting experience, and certainly not the worst in terms of value-for-money, but unless you are interested in the old XCOM I found that the mechanics can get quite grating towards the end of my playthrough:There is a lot of UFOs, and thus crashsites to clear, and this doesn't exectly hide the fact that there is a VERY limited number of maps - about 8, so you can expect to have to clear EACH map about 30 times if you were to manually do every mission.A related issue is that the game doesn't handle multiple levels very well - e.g. so move a soldier from the first floor to the ground floor you need to press tab once, select the soldier, then press tab about four times to cycle back to the ground floor before issuing a move order. Enemies on higher elevation can hide in spots not visible from the ground, occasionally annoyingly prolonging combat.And sadly, there is not a huge amount of gear to choose from - e.g. you end up with two choices for armour (heavy armour limiting the user to machine guns, and light armour with a jetpack that makes the character FLY nearly every time you give him a move order and also makes checking corners redundant due to 360 degree vision), which ultimately contributed to me rushing towards the end; having everyone in the annoying jetpack armour was just too damn annoying.If this review had been for the first half of the game I'd have recommended it, but with the 2nd half I don't think I can recommend the game overall UNLESS you are already into what I assume old school XCOM was like; I, at least, won't be playing it without looking very hard at mods to fix the above."
76561198043859839,Not Recommended,223830,20117304,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,novo44,"i love this game, but there is so many problems with it. such as when when you take down an alien ufo and your outside the door (thats right they have doors that surrive crash landing) behind cover and all that aliens open the door and take shots at your troops then heres the best part they shut the door often surrpessing your troops halfing your action points (they call it something differant in the game) my troops dont even take reaction shots when this happens. another time this happend to me there were a whole line of the buggers like a regiment of foot in the seventeenth century killing and or wounding most of my men, then the best bit shut the door and did it again next turn. i wanted something like the older xcoms this is not quite it."
,Not Recommended,223830,14712752,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,tsukimi,"Can't even start once, how could I give a good review for this game?"
,Recommended,223830,16403214,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,American Shorthair Paladin,the dark souls of strategy games
76561198013970966,Recommended,223830,20063730,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,saf,
,Recommended,223830,10497463,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,1stReaper,"Take a bit to get used to, but an excellent piece of work.Not to hard, BUT it is hard enough to make you think twice about running at the enemy guns a blazing.(JUST my opinion)the 1 single thing Xenonauts needs some tweaks being done onis firing from higher ground.((You'll be lucky if you dont miss 75% of the top...))which is weird seeing as you should have a better shot from higher ground,"
,Recommended,223830,18591969,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Vinilly,This game is a must have. Very interesting and entertaining.I can't say more I am hooked :D
76561198006915830,Not Recommended,223830,35422871,Posted: 2 October,all,Ary,"While it has the ""Classics"" Charm, it also suffers from the classics weaknesses.If you are a harcore fan of unforgiving (and somethimes unfair) gameplay and micromanagment, then this should be your kinda game. However if you are NOT, and you prefere a more userfriendly experience, I recommend that you buy Xcom.The reason why I don't recommend the game is the ammount of micromanagement, the rather anoying air combat, the night missions which only limits you and the nasty tendency of the game to curb stomp you."
,Not Recommended,223830,11014233,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Origen,"UPDATED: With the release of version 1.51 I decided to give this game another go.Unfortunately after putting in enough time to get to the final mission I still have to give this game a thumbs down.  Much of the game has been improved, many bugs fixed but there's ultimately still some very weak or bad mechanics and a lack of balance to the game.The difficulty level even at Normal is still punishing of even the smallest of mistakes.  By the end game even with troops with almost all max'd stats using the best armor and weapons available it's not uncommon to be sniped at by monsters that are beyond view range and are very good shots, sometimes killing your soldiers in one hit or two hits.  This turns the game into a load/save fest because if you lose your well trained troops in late game it'll be very hard to train new troops with bad stats up to the level your previous troops were.There's still issues with visibility and firing angles that often don't make sense, such as cases where I'm 100% blocked from shooting an alien I can see but yet it can shoot at me.  Also missed shots are entirely too erratic, standing right behind your own tank your veteran soldiers can still fire off a shot so badly aimed it hits and severely damages your own tank.  Or trying to shoot an alien in a second story window and having the missed shot hit a stack of pallets 10 feet in front of my soldier at ground level.  I've never fired a real gun in my life but I'm confident I could get the bullet to go in the general direction of the window with minimal training.Morale also gets silly, my squad has been on dozens of missions, each member killing dozens of aliens, but still will find reason to panic or flee at times.Many UI elements are not well designed or missing information.  When you unlock new weapons that you can build in your workshop there's no tooltips in the workshop to provide details on what the stats of the weapons are.  So you end up having to blow money to build a single weapon to then look at its stats to understand if you want to bother making more.  Item weight is not listed in the tooltips either, you have to equip them and do the math to figure it out, not hard, but annoying.  It wasn't clear to me until late game that when intercepting an alien craft you can send multiple planes.  Hiring a soldier and putting them in a dropship requires going through 3 screens.It's odd that you can't build other base buildings until the command center is completed. This isn't apparent until you experience it firsthand.  So be careful - the second base you build is going to take 10 days longer than you think it will.  They should really let you plan out/execute a blueprint all at once for the entire base.  Take into account build times and existing structures automatically if you want.""Run in Windowed"" option only works if the resolution is less than your native desktop resolution.Other countries that you don't have coverage over seem to lose money faster than reasonable when playing at normal difficulty even after version 1.51.The entire interception portion of the game is entirely too tightly balanced and crucial to success.  I'm here for the TBS not the interception game.  Having said that, I can't stress the value in having a large air force and doing airstrikes on many of your alien crash sites.  You can't and will not want to raid them all.I ended up having to tweak the monetary values of several items in the game in order to loosen the difficulty up (on Normal) to something more reasonable to the point where the focus of the game was on the missions with your troops rather than trying to balance a checkbook.Don't get me wrong, the game isn't horrible.  However unless you're dying for a new TBS game (and I was) I'd recommend waiting till it's on sale before trying.  If you're a fan of the new XCom and are expecting more of the same look elsewhere."
76561198032448672,Not Recommended,223830,14929612,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,draagvelk,"I've played a number of X-Com games... and in fact X-Com Apocalypse is my favorite game of all time, and I really wanted to like this game.  The game artwork is sorta mediocre, but the gameplay graphics are more than adequate although not anywhere near the quality X-Com Enemy Unknown.  What is most important to me in this type of game is the gameplay, and this is where Xenonauts falls woefully short.  Let me give a couple of examples.I started the game on the default ""normal"" difficulty, chose my starting base, and proceded to ""fast forward"" towards the first enemy encounter... Seconds later, a target is spotted and I send both my aircraft out to intercept the bogey.  Once they get close to their prey, they violently circle around the target at dizzying speeds until eventually they run out of fuel and have to return to base... hmm... okay.. no problem.. I will just start over.  This happens again and again over the next 3 or 4 restarts (from scratch choosing a different start location each time).. Apparently they didn't play test this part, or apparently I was very unlucky about ship positioning.Okay... Finally I get a non-spin cycle encounter, and I heroically down the bogey with barely a scratch... Time to send in the troops !   My troop ship lands and my 8 ground agents are ready to kick some alien butt !   I deploy my troops from the landing craft in pairs, being sure to reserve some Time Units for a shot or two in case aliens are close.  From past experience, I also make sure to ""kneel"" and take advantage of cover whenever possible.  My last troops out of the ship are Joe & Bob... and I deploy them kneeling side by side behind a nearby fallen tree trunk and I End My Turn.  The hunt is on !  Seconds later during the Enemy Movement phase, I strike it rich !... My planning has paid off !   An unwary alien has appeared direectly in front of my two would-be heros, and Bob carefullly lines up a shot with his Sniper Rifle using his extra Time Units that he saved.... HEAD SHOT !... Not the Alien... but Joe crouching 90 degrees off to his right one square away  :(Twice I removed the game from my hard drive, and twice I reloaded it in hopes that it was a quirk experience... But these experiences happened each time.   I sincerely hope that the developers/programmers work to correct these problems, and I hope I have the opportunity once again to try to play this game, but as for now, it will be removed again, and I cannot recommend it to anyone."
76561197978318644,Not Recommended,223830,15993591,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,john.hogan,"The game is, I suppose, ""fun"" if you're interested in nothing but a strait rehash of the original XCOM series. And by that I mean if you're a fan of fustration and like having your butt handed to you on a platter on a consistent basis. I played through, all the way, on 'normal' mode (which is actually easier than what it's supposed to be played on, which is veteran) and the sheer unfairness of it all was mind boggling.Grunts that would have something like a 17% chance to hit at point blank range, the absolute worst RNG ever (consistent misses, also at point blank range, with shotguns when you've got like a 90% chance of hitting). Aliens that can see across the screen when you *can't*, absolutely insane maintenance costs that basically mean that if you don't optimize your initial base you'll basically never be able to make another base. Which is a problem because you *need* at least 3 or 4 bases in total if only to get radar coverage of the whole world map. To say nothing of the extreme cost putting hangers and fighters in those locations.TLDR- Horribily unbalanced combat in favor of the aliens, horribly implemented and unbalanced economy. When it's literally impossible to make a second base because your funding is so low you can't even afford to *start construction* there is a problem. Especially since the odds are extremely good that once you hit that critical point where you aren't making enough money you'll basically stay there for the rest of the game.I recommend this game only for die hard purists of the original XCOM. In every other way however the newer XCOM: Enemy Unknown/Within is a superior use of your money. That and if you're really a die hard purist of the original XCOM then you could, you know, just buy the original XCOM since it is also on Steam."
76561198015069758,Not Recommended,223830,17804201,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Cragmite,Replacated old x-com fairly well but has many minor changes that I found the experience to be overall pretty bad. As much as I wish I could recommend it I simply cannot.
76561197970807880,Not Recommended,223830,18197253,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,SilentButDeadly,"I don't understand the positive reviews because this game is not very polished or playable. The level of polish is from a game I would have expected 20 years ago. It doesn't have the same playability as the original XCom and shouldn't be compared to it.1. The in-game help does a poor job. Why does it say I don't have enough hangar slots for a new fighter when I have a free hangar? This and a bunch of other questions send me to google searches 10 minutes into the game.2. Why is it when I buy new solders they don't show up in my ship list?3. Why it is when one research completes it doesn't automatically start a new research on my queue, instead of requiring me to manually assign scientists?4. It's extremely cumbersome to reserve action points. I have to click or make a hotkey to reserve a certain amount, but this doesn't account for kneeling or soldier rotation.5. Melee attacks don't work, clicking the button just uses action points and does nothing.6. How many action points do I need for grenades? No way to tell that doesn't take a lot of clicks.7. How does cover work?8. How does overwatch work?9. Things which should be simple take many clicks - healing myself, throwing grenades, assigning soldier gear.There is no in-game narrative. Unlike XCom which has animations and voice acting to flesh out the feel of what is going on, you are just dumped into a bunch of spreadsheets and left to figure things out.The only real positive to the game is the 2D art, which is generally well done."
76561198060399091,Not Recommended,223830,31983547,Posted: 26 May,all,spiro_sea,"I found this game to be clunky, opaque and just impossible for me to emote with my troops as when I was in a mission, I couldn't tell which of them was which unless I clicked on them.Old school probably best left in the past...."
76561198032318877,Not Recommended,223830,32025678,Posted: 28 May,all,wporter2010,"The game is ok, has potential as an early X-com-ish game. Problem is that it crashes when you are on a mission, would be ok if it was a simple thing and it was fixed by the developer, but it has happened multiple times and always crashes you out of the game and your progress lost."
,Not Recommended,223830,15766437,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Lord CHAOS,"Kinda sucks actually ...they completely missed one of the major points of playing XCOM. Apparently, they think XCOM was just a turn-based strategy game. They ruined the economics and tycoon-style money making industry you could setup on XCOM."
,Not Recommended,223830,16865555,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Jinsai,"Be careful what you wish for. Xenonauts is a detailed re-invention of PC classic X-Com, which was difficult in the masochistic way gamers seem to love these days.Xenonauts also dispenses with tutorials about core game functions and mechanics. It's a complex game, and unforgiving of the slightest mistake. If that sounds appealing to you, dig in. Personally, I found it similar to those ""Tough Mudder"" ""fun"" runs. I get why some people enjoy it, but I think it's ridiculous.As a hardcore fan of the original X-com, and a fan of Firaxis' remake, I find Xenonauts tough to enjoy. Maybe I'm spoiled with ""fun"" gameplay, intuitive controls, and being able to play a game without reading a Wiki for hours first. But having a starting soldier equipped with ""default"" gear he lacked sufficient Time Units to fire, one of my jets shot down on the first UFO, and my first squad fully wiped on 3 starting playthroughs didn't make me say ""wow, this is great"". It made me want to do just about anything else."
,Not Recommended,223830,14745072,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,KaneBlackHand,"TLDR: Game is too repetitive, slow and has very bad UX, further exacerbating the slowness.I've completed Xenonauts on veteran today. And Xenonauts is NOT a good game. The user experience is horrible. ***Mild spoilers ahead***2 main points to illustrate, strategically and tactically:1)Strategically, this game pointlessly drags on for many, many hours more than necessary because the UFOs that contain necessary tech just simply DO NOT arrive until VERY LONG time into the game. Case in point: First Battleship for me? UFO-199... You have to go through like 100+ tactical mission drudgery just to advance the game... And you sort of HAVE TO play the tactical part because Airstrike doesn't give enough resources. Then, even when you have some Marauders (but not a lot yet), you still have to play each air combat out, and it's exactly the same, you patiently click and wait, click and wait, until you are tailing UFO for comfortable Cannon takedown to avoid taking damage... And you will have to play 10s of air battles, which gameplay you solved 10+ hours ago, just to farm enough money to afford 10+ Marauders so you can autoresolve.2)Tactically the game is also really bad. The maps are too goddamn large and Industrial map is the biggest nightmare of them all - you will have to advance at a REALLY SLOW pace, or else you will get killed. That is not difficulty, that is just boring. And all 90% of deaths I had was because I got so bored of advancing a few tiles a turn I just rush in with all TUs spent.Late game things get even more messed up - Once you got Sentinel Armor, you cannot simply order a soldier to move to a point, and then do it with the next one - The camera will FORCEFULLY center on a soldier who's flying MULTIPLE times and will break your control of someone in a Predator armor because your previous soldier is flying at a DIFFERENT ALTITUDE LEVEL... And thus you are forced to watch EACH of 12 soldiers SLOWLY move one by one to the target point. The same bull$hit happens on UFOs with multiple levels.I think the developers didn't play this game themselves. I do not know how they could subject anyone to this mindless boring repetitive piece of krap.What's the difference between old school UFOD and this?1)Turns resolve momentarily. In Xenonauts they take 5-15 seconds on I5-3570K. The simple AI logic doesn't warrant this amount of computation.2)The animation was instantaneous. Courtesy of DOSBox speedup, but still. In Xenonauts. you have to watch people fly for like 7-10 seconds each in Sentinel armor for NO good reason.3)The UFOD does not swarm you with pointless spam of UFOs. Maybe it should have, but you should NOT have to capture EACH of them in order to barely have enough money for anything. I've had 10 colonels by mission 30-35. Then what? Nothing - you still play 100 more combats with them, with barely any progress at all once TUs and Accuracy are maxed out.4)Game pace in UFOD is much better, you do not have to trudge through 50+ UFOs to advance to next tech level.5)With late game tech you can own small UFOs no problem. Not true in Xenonauts. Due to best armor in the game being unable to stop the very wild 50-150% damage fluctuation, you still have to be wary of a lucky burst from a simple Caesan.6)UFOD had Psi. Xenonauts? Only aliens do.Would I play this game again? Hell no. Too much time wasted NOT playing or making decisions, but watching unit animation, and waiting turns."
,Not Recommended,223830,13498997,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,KingMob4313,"Pushed forward as a spiritual successor to the classic 1994 X-Com, it tries to mimic the classic game while pulling in the mechanics of Jagged Alliance, but somehow loses the fun aspects from either game.  The ground combat lacks punch or amusement, the world map is bizarre (Mercator projection with no adjustment for curvature) in the geoscape, research and manufacturing feels limp and while the air combat actually makes sense now (compared to the old X-com) and is quite tactical, it becomes a chore quickly.Overall it just seems to be missing the aspects that make it fun."
,Not Recommended,223830,14485569,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,LB,"Felt like I was spending more time fighting the horribly clunky UI than the aliens. No ability to rotate the map nor zoom in or out, no indication how many TUs turning or crouching is going to cost you before carrying out the action. Riflemen are terribly weak early on, early game just degenerates into throwing grenades at everything. Very disappointed."
76561198006489992,Not Recommended,223830,14513163,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Captain Australia,"I really wanted to enjoy this game.  But I didn't.It's hard to quantify exactly what sucked the fun out of the game for me, I think it's a combination of elements.Graphics:  awesome .. if it were the late 90s and the game were a direct sequel to UFO: Enemy Unknown.  But it isn't.  I just found the graphics - whether units, localities, base drawings .. to be very underwhelming.  I know they were aiming for ""retro charm"" possibly because they couldnt afford/achieve ""acceptable for modern gaming"".  (I do like some retro-charm games, like FTL .. but I guess I suffer the graphics because I enjoy the gameplay.Gameplay:  where to start .. ?   I found the AI to be pretty simple -- the action point system quite painful, especially managing large numbers of units -- the fog of war to be quite annoying (I dont mind fog of war in general, but in this game it's just an ugly mechanic and in many ways not intuitive .. like not seeing over a hedge) -- on a good note, the progression of units felt OK -- the strategic map and base building was OK but .. dunno, it didn't feel to me like a gripping financial sim, which was one of the appeals of the original.Research tree, all the incidental stuff - dunno .. just felt ""been there, bought the t-shirt, don't need to go back"".I had no particular expectation of the game .. which is usually a good thing because you're not set up for disappointment .. and yet somehow I came away disappointed anyway.Maybe it's just because the formula hasn't aged well.  I enjoyed the original games, played up to Xcom: Apocalypse (which I also enjoyed despite being outraged and culture shocked by the fact that they confined it to a city).  But yeah .. in my opinion Xenonauts is a pretty bland game .. maybe a 6/10 ..My advice is to kick the tyres and look at some videos before deciding to pick it up."
76561198027122902,Not Recommended,223830,16035640,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,jpk313,"Fun little game, but little depth or replayability.  would not recommend unless it is under $10, and maybe not even then."
76561198040878939,Not Recommended,223830,15157494,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,thegreatshepherd,"If this game is on sale, and you like tactical/strategy games, Xenonauts is a fairly good experience.In a decently imagined world lifted directly from the XCOM series, you can watch your apparently untrained trained soldiers fumble with their weapons, panic, fail to aim completely and die horribly at the hands of a wide variety of alien scum.If playing the game on any difficulty is too frustrating and arbitrary, you can just re-balance the game with a text editor of your choice.4/9, Would bang."
,Recommended,223830,33063647,Posted: 30 June,all,=7Cav=Stalker,LOL this is better than Xcom 2
,Recommended,223830,15614703,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Rymarre,"I hope you like reading, because you're gonna be doing a lot of it if you ever open up the Xenopedia."
,Not Recommended,223830,14608208,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Eisenreich,"Abysmal and painful to play.This really is a classic example of the boring retro for the sake of retro trend that is the equivalent of hipster music fans insisting that anything after a band's first demo is crap. The same people who obsess over this will be the same ones who whine about the brilliant Xcom enemy unknown game for being ""cinematic"". Such heresy, how dare modern technology actually make games fun to play and enhance the atmospherics and visuals while also giving it a gameplay system that actually works.The negative reviews here hit on some key issues, the combat is unbearable, illogical and random, crouch makes no sense, visibility is a mess as well, can be a few tiles away from an enemy and they'll just disappear from view, you can't use anything properly for cover or aim over or around anything, but hey, I guess realism and better gameplay don't matter, that's ""too cinematic"" and we must rigidly cling to the outdated systems of early 90s video games. Also even on easy the game is not so much hard as plain awkward as your soldiers can't shoot for s**t and half the time end up firing at each other instead, the interface in general is as awkward and inaccessible as the old games if not worse and unlike modern games that actually have these things called tutorials and learning curves it just expects you to figure all of this out at the start.The graphic style leaves a lot to be desired, whereas the likes of shadowrun, wasteland 2 and xcom have done a fantastic job of updating the visuals while remaining faithful to the classic and newly revived isometric format, Xenonauts has this silly cartoonish style that I really can't take to. Also the audio mix seems a bit off, can barely hear the ambient music, but the only settings in the game you can alter at all are controls....Just the whole combat system is so outdated and tedious to play, as soon as someone's wounded they can't do anything, does the game tell you what to do to heal them? Of course not, but I guess you can only know how to play this game if you grew up with 90s xcom games. I guess this is something for rigidly conservative gamers incapable of trying out anything made past 1995, but modern turn based games do the whole isometric sci fi tactics much, much better. Trying this overhyped disappointment just makes me more impatient for a follow-up to the Xcom Enemy Unknown and Enemy WIthin games.This modern trend of just shamelessly regurgitating retro games and outright refusing to take on board what games since then have achieved and moved forward with is just very tedious and pretentious. I am all for a degree of nostalgia and for reviving the classic isometric style but it's been shown in shadowrun and enemy unknown that you can take the best of both worlds without completely straying from the style of the classics. They're still old school at heart."
76561198008055385,Not Recommended,223830,13894578,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,ConductOfWar2,"Very expensive imitation of Xcom: enemy unknownThey have copied and simplified Xcom, and and not even in a good way.I would have been better off buying UFO  series game instead, they at least have something new to add to story and techtree"
76561197996972957,Not Recommended,223830,34039590,Posted: 5 August,all,sir Evans,"TL:DR;B-O-R-I-N-G!This game is tedious AF and full of broken mechanics and outstanding bugs that can mess you up. Also totally imbalanced.Review: 5/10, purchase on sale if you have nothing else to do. Can safely skip it.Sound: 7/10That is quite a good audio for an otherwise ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game here.Although there is something wrong with audio sliders and it is difficult to get the volume just right, I don't complain about sound effects.Graphics: 5/10Apart from old-school look, there are just way too few assets and asset variations in the game.There are even mods that add more portraits, which is nice.However no mod can make map randomized.And once you have seen an area for the first time, it will look exactly the same every other time.In otherwords - all the maps are the same. There might be some different maps for a given area, but if you roll in the same map, everything is in the same place.EVERYTHING.Shrubs, cars, tress, stones etc.Why there is no randomisation, like placing different cars here and there is totally beyond me.Gameplay: 2/10Let's start it with stating that I have played most of UFO games.Except some ♥♥♥♥♥♥ FPS, I did all the classics, Aftermath, Firaxis versions, even UFO A.I. (free remake).When you compare xenonauts to them, Xenonauts simply suck.Here is why:- no geoscape. Flat map that stutters when you move it around, visibly and annoyingly- imbalanced weapons and armors and vehicles- imbalanced research- imbalanced base construction- imbalanced item production- buggy cover- buggy AI- game breaking bugs like your soldiers suddently can't move- shooting and grenade throwing mechanics- idiotic concept of TUs- very poor morale on soldiers- parts of environment are not destructible- can't breach ufo hull- no unit training outside of the missionI will be honest with you.This is X-Com mechanics, messed up to annoy you.First, upkeep and production cost.In order to produce an item, say lowest armor, you have to pay money for production, build workshop (cost you money), pay upkeep costs for workshop, hire engineers (costs you money) pay montlhy salary to them.And when you try to sell the item, it sells at half production cost.Meaning you cannot make profit from anything you construct.I modded that out, halving construction costs and times and salaries, and upping sale costs a bit, but FFS is the vanilla so unrealistic and stacked against having fun from the game.Second, tactical part is so crappy, it is insulting.If you have played any ufo games or games like Fallout1/2/tactics, you do know the concept of Action Points.Here, there are time units. Any action that is not related to firing weapons takes defined amount of TUs (I have modded it down again), but SHOOTING YOUR GUN TAKES PERCENTAGE.What does it mean?Two soldiers, one with 50 TUs and other with 100 TUs, move 20 TU in one direction. You would expect that first will shoot once, but another will shoot many times.You are wrong.Firing LMG will cost 30 TUs for first soldier, but 60 TUs for a second one.Developers had tested and tried mechanics done many times before, instead their opted for this stupidity.I am virtually certain, that If I was fast enought to run extra ten meters in the same time as another guy, I would also be able to pull the trigger at least one extra time. Again, I had to lower that to make game playable.Apart from that accuracy and damage is atrocious. Aliens always need one or two hits to kill your soldiers, initially unarmored soldier is one hitter for an alien handgun, later on heavily armored soldier will be blasted off from plasma cannon. Armours don't reduce damage done - they have a chance to stop it completelly at the expense of armour HP, which are getting used as the damage is received. But there is no indicator your armour is down and next shot will kill your trooper.And accuracy always sucks. Pistols are fantastically unaccurate, missing from point blank range.And damage has 50% random element to it (+/-), meaning that even if you shoot you might not harm enemy.And then there is psionics and panic. Psionic attacks can reach your soldiers from anywhere on the map, regardless of distance and obstacles. Panic attacs can happen to your most experienced veterans, if they survive alien shots, they usually panic or bleed to death. Or panic and run away from your medics, and bleed to death.Third, and most important, game is tedious, frustrating and boring.You do not have alien infiltration turning some organisations against you. You do not have multiple landing missions (they happened very rarely for me), just aliens floating around and bombing countries lowering your approval and funding.Interesting thing is that you loose the game if 1/3 of the world stops funding you. I had to mod this to at least half, because I think it was silly.There is no soldiers training when idle. Menu is difficult to navigate sometimes. Research is boring and proffesor comments on your engineers (he calls people building plasma cannons monkeys, brutes and primitives; why this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ angle in the game?) is pretty messed up.There are few races of aliens, there are many classes of aliens, but alien classes are not mentioned. I would love to have some entries in xenopedia, but apparently that was too much work.Also aliens are usually camping in the last room in downed ufos, ready to return reaction fire at your grunts.Technology is standard, with no fancy things to them: for example you meet small alien scout drones, but game never lets you build your own.Tanks etc have 2x hitpoints of your soldiers (seriously?) and die way too soon.Also, while you can recover wreck of a downed plane, you cannot fix your destroyed tank.All of the above and more adds up to the game that is completelly devoid of any charm.It's not challenging, it's just brutal.For example one might think that developing alien based technology would make countries interested in paying you trucks of cash just to boost their defences against invasion, instead you sell it at a loss.Many small things like that add up to big pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥that is really not worth playing.After over a 50h on veteran I am so bored by all this randomness, saving, reloading, etc etc that enough is enough.Verdict:Skip it. Really not worth the trouble."
,Not Recommended,223830,11741860,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Jellydrake,"Insanely difficult, but not in the old X-Com ""Hey, this is a challenge!"" sort of way. Definitely needed some form of balance between your crew and the enemies."
,Not Recommended,223830,11824754,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Hellios,"As mentioned, it is a good re-imagining of what the game could have been, but ... I don't know, seems to be missing that little something that makes everything really go well together.Like a dish with not enough spices.  All the ingredients are there, but it isn't coming together."
76561197977649322,Not Recommended,223830,11002683,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Echoic,"Well I was a fan of the original X-COM (since 1994) and have (I think) played all of the X-COM-likes and X-COM clones to date.  Some have been interesting, most have been fairly bad but Xenonauts is special.You could put it this way, of all the X-COM clones over the last 20 years, Xenonauts is the most faithful.  In a way it is aiming to be the ""ideal"" version of X-COM, like it want's to be more X-COM-ey than X-COM somehow.  It does not attempt to introduce new core mechanics, blasphemy!  No wacky moves into mixed real-time mode and definitely no newfangled 3d!  It's like the dev sat down and said something like ""This game is going to be EXACTLY like X-COM exept where it is better!  Because, I don't like things that are different!"".Unfortunately the result is inferior to X-COM in every possible way.  And, it comes off as being devoid of any creative inspiration.  It looks like the Chinese, knock-off t-shirt of X-COM games.Since Xenonaut's only selling point would be the graphics, to review it you have to talk about that.  The graphics in Xenonauts are a slight improvement over the 1994 X-COM game.   But, they're embarrassingly crude by today's standards.  Xenonauts released shortly after games like X-COM Enemy Unknown and The Banner Saga which have set consumer expectations for this sort of game fairly high.An effort has been made to give the Xenonaut sprites smooth (rotoscoping?) animation.  Despite this welcome improvement the visual style is... well... bland, I suppose... insipid, maybe?  This whole game honestly made me wonder why this developer bothered to publish this product.  But, I think it might have had something to do with cashing-in on X-COM's recent popularity, in what essentially amounts to stealing IP.Anyway, that aside, Xenonauts is playable but don't get your hopes up for a ""dream come true"" X-COM update / remake.  It borrows freely from other, better games but gives nothing back to the genre.  It would comfortably make the grade as a marketable product for steam but beyond that it is only memorable for its extreme lack of creativity.It's very, very strange to see this sort of game come from indie developers.  It's a postcard from a topsy turvy world where indie devs cannot innovate and try to compete based on graphics."
,Not Recommended,223830,11294445,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,ZShalafi,"Aliens dont follow the rules of the game. It can say 100% blocked line of fire for you, but on the aliens turn they stay in the exact same position and kill your men. You can stay right behind a tall one square obsticle and it will say 100% blocked line of fire for you, in spite of the manual saying otherwise, and still the aliens can kill you behind that obsticle.Sometimes the ""cover"" system works, meaning you can stay behind a corner of a wall and shoot around it at a spotted alien by another unit. But other times you cant.UFO doors that you open on your turn stay open when its the aliens turn and they fire at you, and then closes when its your turn. If the doors are opened by the aliens on their turn, they close just the same on your turn. Spoiler: Blow the fricking door open.Losing soldiers to faulty game mechanics is not the way I want to be beaten by the AI!Downed UFOs are all the same. They never have holes blown in their sides that can use to enter the craft, you allways have to use the front door.Combat maps are decent. They are made of several smaller chunks, smaller than other X-com clones I've played, making the maps seemingly more varied. I've come across the same chunks very often, so there arent alot of them - yet. Maybe a modding community can rectify that.If you compare it to the original, which they clearly want (they even called their game X-COM one place in the manual) they have less stats than it. Xenopedia lacks info. You need to visit the soldier equipment screen to find the stats of the different weapons, and then only in a hard to activate mouseover popup.Cudos to the role system they have for the soldiers, making it very easy to switch equipment on soldiers.Is the game bad - No. Is it better than all the other clones out there - No, not really. Developers did their best. Its just so fricking unfortunate that they did the same misstakes as others did. ""Fully destructive terrain!"" - yea, only if you try to blow up the parts that they want you to blow up. Too bad. Its just another clone that doesnt meassure up as a successor.Disclaimer: This wall of text is without spelling errors and faulty grammar. If you see any - then the gnomes did it."
76561198087778514,Not Recommended,223830,11977172,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,gvozdengrom,"I regret ever wasting a single dime on this. It is clunky, it is ugly, and it cannot tell the difference between challenging and annoying."
76561198020909122,Not Recommended,223830,13840134,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Vosiler,Hader bugger version of Xcom
76561197966093580,Not Recommended,223830,11772325,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,ArchAngelPaladin,"Just a bland remake of the first xcom, but with major balance issues."
,Not Recommended,223830,21053978,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Vegas,Wayyyy too old school.
76561198040684824,Not Recommended,223830,16552894,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Ruschkeman,"Bought game hoping for much fun, sound not working with Razer headphones, requested money back."
76561198015380104,Not Recommended,223830,16373638,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Blitz_Kitten,"Child soldiers would do better against the aliens in this game.They would have equal accuracy, moral, and team work skills (i.e. not shooting your own guys in the back of the head when in formation). So why would they be better?Because they would be smaller targets when the aliens snipe then from across the map. Hell, maybe then your squads might actually survive a mission."
76561198004413401,Recommended,223830,21502911,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,[HN],You liked the original X-Com/UFO ?You'll LOVE that game !
76561198036638688,Not Recommended,223830,24459617,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,ballomed,Some tips for playing this game:1.Play Iron Man mode.2.Get your veteran team through 30+ missions.3.Get them the best equipment.4.Watch them kill each other in the near end missions.5.Uninstall the game.
76561198098414839,Not Recommended,223830,16729135,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,d_rape,"I cannot recommend this game. I hoped for so much more. It is 2015 not 1999. Games have improved. Yes this game has tons of storyline and depth, but the game play is stuck in the 20th century. Don't waste your time or money."
76561198007755524,Not Recommended,223830,12258276,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,StanleyNet,"Generally a good remake of original UFO: Enemy unknown in year 1994. Would want to give the game ""recommend"". However, the unrealistic setting in regarding to the financing, world political, world economy setting (by comparing to another xcom title - x -com : Enemy unknown) and the excessive punishment setting which prevent me to enjoy the game.1. The organisation is poorly financed by the world and expectation is unreasonably high. Easily get financial punishment without a proper reason. Unable to expand due to financial problem.2. Reward setting is poor. Success in high risk mission do not end up with equivalent high reward. (Destorying an alien base do not get apprasal from the local government)3. Financing setting is poor. Limited option to get additional financing. Reselling price of advance equipment is unreasonably low just like the alien technology is commonly available to the world4. With such high end technology and elite soliders on hand, the organisation can simply choose to walk away and get financial from other source (selling alien technology, equipment in black market, team with the most rich in the world) and deal with the alien threat on its own (just like some other sci-fi fiction). Therefore, the excessive punishment setting in the game is not enjoyable. Beside, if the government choose to kill itself, who care. The end of the government does not mean the end of the world, so long the organisation continue to exist. Sadlessly our real world actually telling you this in these recent years.Anyway, the main point is, as a simulator, it would not be harmful if the game include the original rule set, improved rule setting and custom rule set for player to suit their style."
76561198066746374,Not Recommended,223830,11004162,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Shifty Six,"This game is XCOM. It ***is*** XCOM. If you own any of the XCOM games, save your money and play them instead.Don't get me wrong: there's nothing wrong with it. It's just that it's so much like XCOM that I'm surprised it's allowed to exist. There's nothing new about it except for a graphics update, and if you've played any of the latest console versions of XCOM, even that's not there. So, why am I surprised it's allowed to exist? It's just a photocopy of the XCOM. To me, this game borders on trademark/copyright infringment. It's like me opening a McDonald's restaurant and making just one change: calling the restaurant McDanold's.I've read other reviews where people have written, ""This is XCOM as is was meant to be,"" or ""This is XCOM perfected."" Really? Well, I guess it was perfect before, then, because as I wrote, there's not much new about it. There are some changes: it takes place during the Cold-War, you can control your interceptor when fighting UFOS (think Zaxxon or Defender), and I guess sometimes your interceptor faces multiple enemies. However, these things are all superficial changes.Now, I have to say that I've only played the game for around three hours, so maybe there's something new that pops up at five hours, but I highly doubt it.I also have to say that I really didn't look into what this game offered before I bought it, so my feeling of getting ripped off is my own fault. But please listen to me: if you're looking for a game that might be like XCOM but better, this isn't it. This is just XCOM: Enemy Unknown. If you already own that or another XCOM game and you like it, play that when you're hungry for a fix. Don't buy this one."
76561198168862646,Not Recommended,223830,25303962,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,twoodjr,This game is broken do not buy frequent crashes and game breaking glitches.
,Not Recommended,223830,11327226,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Chimpoleon Bananafart,"If your a patient person then this is the game for you.Between your turns while waiting for the PC to take its turn you'll have time to learn another language and brew a coffee the old fashioned way, so get up,stretch your legs, put the kettle on and Google Mandarin because it's going to be a night of intense gaming because this is the waiting sim you've been waiting for and itwill have you hooked and on the edge of your seat.Laugh along as the game takes longer to take it's turn than Nanna takes to get to the point, and laugh as your PC seems like it's about to blue screen making a family game of Monopoly feel like a game of Flappy Bird.I hope you enjoy this game as much as I did."
76561198017246441,Not Recommended,223830,10680593,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Peter Maslin,"very dissapointing game , the game play is ok but there is no story , no narrative nothing to give any sense of enjoyment of the game."
76561198007095854,Not Recommended,223830,14551862,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,ioci,"im not recommending this game because from my point of view, it has a lot of problems need to be fixed:1 cant let my soldiers take cover behide my own vehicle2 the turret of vehicle is obviously higher than the soldier, but my soldier will be killed by its attack if i place him next to the vehicle3 the rare equipments wont be lost when you choose abandon mission, even the units who were using them didnt get in to the helicopter, and count as lost4 if the ground force has been destroyed, it remain destroyed, but when the air force has been shot down, they will be revived automaticly and magicly5 all kinds of alien units have better sight, even during the day, and the sniper you have, even with that scope doesnt make any different6 the unit in the higher flor of a building is very easy to take hit even behind a cover7 frag grenade always makes a alien corpse into a mess, while the .30 gun doesnt8 the gun tech tree is just improving its dmg, not the effect, kind of boringhavent played the original xcom game, but saw many reviews talking about that when i decided to write a not recommended review for this game. ""spiritual successor"" the term some are using, which reminds me the successors of Alexander the great, who conqueredq them? the spiritual successor one?bought this game when its still on early access, knew its a 2D old-school game, thought a game with poor graphic might have a great gameplay, didnt keep playing the early access vision becasuse of the bugs, and now i stop playing it because its just like that early access vision without those bugs to me, which is great, and realy bad as welland for the developer of this game, if anyone of you happens to see this review: people play this kind of game not because their laptop o pc are realy bad, nor they were cinematic effects hater, they play it because they have a lot of imagination and they like your ideal. plz dont ruin it if the financial condition is allowed."
,Not Recommended,223830,11144119,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,mvm900,"Oh alright. I've finally found myself reviewing this game. There's a lot of thoughts slewing around in my head about this game. And I've finally come to a conclusion. In it's core concept it's a literal sucessor to UFO defense. For, at the time of this post, 5 times the price of the original  X-COM UFO Defense on steam. The guns are pretty unbalanced, generic and boring, the game feels odd, it doesn't feel like an advancement from the original. There are currently a lot of problems with this game. And I could go on and on about them. Most of them have to do with the gameplay. (However I should note the modder community is currently doing a lot for the game, making a lot of new weapons and whatnot to be put into the game.) There's a difference between 'Difficult but fair' and 'Difficult and stressful'. The developers have yet to figure out how to do the first one. Until the game is patched up a lot and a lot of the game hopefully fixed, I don't recommend this game to anyone. It's not so much that it's bad, but you almost might as well get the original game unless you're willing to spend $20 more for updated graphics and unbalanced gameplay."
,Not Recommended,223830,12136323,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Shift,"As much as I love Enemy Unknown, I've been wanting an updated version of the original X-Com for about a decade. I also wanted it to be a good game that understood what made the original engaging, though."
76561198018566960,Not Recommended,223830,30068056,Posted: 20 February,all,ussaxel,"Alien sniping you out of nowhere, rogue like feeling that you control nothing.ah? an alien rush out opening a door and killed 2 marines.no definitelly control nothing.you can run mission after mission doing the right thing to end over your team on the floor not knowing where it came fromOn top of RNG strategy, no story line will keep you going or wish to invest time to know what next.The !995 graphics wont help hereBuy it only if need something after beating xcom"
76561198043387383,Recommended,223830,30827089,Posted: 29 March,all,dwwiesen1,Very cool  game!
76561198013359889,Not Recommended,223830,11241650,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Laraso,"I loved XCOM: Enemy Unknown and I wanted to like this game, it was fun for the first few minutes but in the end I just couldn't grow accustomed to the graphics and interface."
76561197970634020,Not Recommended,223830,10673889,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Mork d'Ork,"This game is a graphically neutered version of X-Com with some minor differences that, in the end, make little difference to the overall experience.X-Com is better and this game is just wasted cash."
76561198127587680,Not Recommended,223830,13001840,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,rpayne88,"This game has two levels: the strategic geoscape, and the tactical maps.The strategic aspect of this game is spot on.  Building facilities and managing your budget are key aspects to this game.  And the most enjoyable.That being said, the tactical part of this game sucks.  It is ENTIRELY based on a poorly designed random number generator (RNG.)  The RNG determines if shots will hit or not.  Your shots frequently miss (and your soilders are ex- SPECOPs by the way,)  while shots from the aliens will pass through several solid objects, including shields and other soilders (without injuring them) and fatally strike a soilder you were retreating.  Shots will frequently miss even at point blank ranges with all weapons, especially with shotguns and sniper rifles (I mean, really, shove the gun down the xeno's throat and pull the f---ing trigger.)  Your troops seem to have failed basic training (read: boot camp.)  They will FREQUENTLY panic without even being shot at.  They will throw down their weapons and run (I once had a soilder run INTO a UFO.  (What the f--- made you think of that idea dumba$$?)  You can not sling a soilder's weapon, throw a grenade, and unsling the weapon (so its back in your soilder's hands) during the same turn.  Needless to say, this make a panic smoke grenade impossible.  It seems that some doors are incapable of being closed (really, you're in the military and you can't close certain doors?)  It seems your soilders are incapable of melee combat without a certain weapon (a stun batton.)  (So, let me get this straight, you DON't know how to slam the butt of your rifle into a xeno's face?)  I've also had issues with soilders throwing grenades at thier feet.  (I'm not even going to say anything about that.)  Finnaly, the alien's psionic abilities are completly imbalanced.  Theroretically, they are capable of mind controling a soilder they can't even see while he is still on the dropship (and possibly dropping a C4 charge with zero turns on the timer.)  Not good at all when a core mechanic of the game is permadeath.(My English teacher would be saying to start a new paragraph here, so...)Then there are bugs.  Aliens seem to be capable of seeing through walls (then running up to your assult trooper holding a shot gun and blow his (your soilder's) brains out.  Meanwhile, your three other soilders covering that door don't do a damn thing.  I've had issues with blank screens and freezing as well (and this is a very resource unintensive game runing on a gaming PC.)  I've had soilders get shot, survive, and then drop dead as soon as my turn begins.  Finnaly, in the year 2014, this game uses a launcher.  A launcher that will not launch itself with certain background programs running (i.e. firewall and anti-virus.)"
76561197982565817,Not Recommended,223830,10762116,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Danimal,"I want my $25 back. This is in no way superior to X-Com: Enemy Unknown, unless you're a retro fetishist. The production values are comparable to a ""best of class"" game design school project."
,Not Recommended,223830,10326915,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,MikeyTWolf,"On my second crash site I tossed a flashbang.It dropped instead at my soldier's feet.It transformed into a frag grenade.It knocked him unconcsious and the sniper that was crouched behind chest high cover at the  very edge of the explosion was turned to giblets.None of my soldiers have any explosives bar C4, which needs to be equipped like a weapon and timed for at least a turn to go off.This is ""released"" state apparently."
76561198045453813,Not Recommended,223830,12870456,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Tazio,Its a remake of original UFO Defense with higher resolution graphics but with  inferior visual style. All other features are almost the same as they were in the predcessor. Except for the balance which is broken. Could be recommended only to ppl who have not played the original title.
,Not Recommended,223830,10513418,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,larsfonretriever,"Low-cost analog of XCOM without a plotline, but with a hard-usable interface."
76561198070786662,Not Recommended,223830,30227531,Posted: 27 February,all,Glik,Less than 2 hours in and got a game breaking bug which also saved. So I load back into a game where time stands still. :/
76561197969458289,Not Recommended,223830,33593872,Posted: 16 July,all,Charok,maybe the second one will be good
,Not Recommended,223830,12913323,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,CdrGrimReaper,I love the original XCOM game and was looking forward to this game after I had completed and completely enjoyed X-COM Enemy Unknown and Enemy Within.But the moment I started playing Xenoauts I felt something was off. After 3 or so hours playing I couldn't stand playing it anymore. In my opinion it is nowhere close to the original XCOM game like so many claim. It doesn't have the feel or mood inducing sense like the original XCOM did.I will try the game again in the future but at the moment I say this game is just another attempt at a clone of the original XCOM.
76561197976700970,Not Recommended,223830,12588798,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Webrider,"Hate to break it to you but the game really sucks, poor graphics, no rotation, no cover, interface poor. The point is there are 5 other games like this  that are better in many ways with much much better graphics, so whats the point. I wasted 20 bucks. I would return it in a heartbeat if they allowed that."
76561198048109688,Not Recommended,223830,12462201,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,rockin_rex,"This game is not fun..smooth running for most part some probs with mouse.and one big pain on easy..on iron, come on man..real ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t..too bad..better then Sids' X because at least you can try to make so money.but as far as the battle move points,armor, and alien ai who is way too smart ,with way better armor and weapons you got to be kidding me...bad joke...AFTER FURTHER REVIEW..the game is  a big headache and when you run into your first terror assault..it gets worse..this is no good for anger management..I've almost broke my keyboard twice because it is REALLY IRRATATING....the auto move function s u c k s  and screws up your moves and your stragedy...and in general   a real bad joke..thanks for nothing,, devs  take your god complex and stick it...."
,Not Recommended,223830,8573670,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Scorpion,Firaxis made better games than this game made from the abyss...
,Not Recommended,223830,14602212,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,ajax (Push It to the Limit).mp3,i thought it was a border patrol simulator this game is crap!
76561197996595222,Not Recommended,223830,12324973,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Homeinvasion,rubbish
76561197987490283,Not Recommended,223830,29557253,Posted: 28 January,all,Rambling Man,"Have you played the original Xcom before? Yes, enjoy this recreation. No? then ♥♥♥♥ you.Game fails to explain simple mechanics and the out of game manual is poorly constructed. There is supposed to be only 1 table of contents and it goes at the start"
76561197972671523,Not Recommended,223830,32230180,Posted: 6 June,all,Remnant King,"Finally decided to start playing this, my brother had indicated while not a perfect game it was worth a look.  Well, went through the normal routine and hit ""start game""...crash to windows, 3-more times, same effect.  Look on the forums and see that there is no reliable fix.I want to play this game and I would like to review it, but in order to do so the game has to start up.  I would not recommend due to the apparent lack of support or fix with known bugs preventing the game from starting."
,Not Recommended,223830,8139758,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Roadwind,"Deffered release, early access, yep.Good old X-COM they said, Firaxis XCOM killer they said. ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. One-lvl bases. You can build a lot of them but... For what? I've finished the game with 2 (!!!) bases with only angars at the second base. Wait, I saw this in another game - XCOM by Firaxis! Your soldiers have a promotion. Well, I still don't understand how parameters grow. And I can't assign attribute points because I have no one. But... This is exactly how Firaxis game works! Bullet weapon, laser, plasma, grenades, one of each sort. No variety, no advanced param. Just like in Firaxis XCOM. No generated maps (and number of maps, actually, very very deficient).So, this is parody of new XCOM with poor graphics and a lot of bugs."
76561197985788085,Recommended,223830,18386972,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,The Fifth Dentist,"In Soviet Russia, you invade aliens."
,Recommended,223830,10642958,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,skypilot9,I have played for six hours now and find the game to be a refreshing remake of the x-com series. With the exception of X-com Enemy Unknown (which is a whole new concept and is a fantastic leap forward in stradegy and story line linked games) Xenonauts is by far the best playing and most satisfying game of its type to date in my opinion and I have played all the x-com games extensively. It does need some more depth in the research and manufacturing areas but once its been refined I can see this game being one of the best of its kind for years to come.
76561198072359181,Recommended,223830,10643563,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Guardianslayer9,Everything you could want in a modern XCOM.
76561197983120702,Recommended,223830,10629234,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Manco,"Very good reboot of the original! You'd believe you're playing the original X-Com without the pixels. However, it also suffers from a steep learning ramp (a thinking player's game). Thank you to the developers for taking the time to make this gem accessible to all."
76561198025339053,Recommended,223830,10655228,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,stixer,epic
,Recommended,223830,10665874,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Spoon,Excellent remake of the classic xcom
76561198008983384,Recommended,223830,10660827,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,denis.uranjek,"Incredible game, true classic brought back to life."
,Recommended,223830,10202131,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Geomancer,"I have owned this game for awhile back when it was an early access title, back before the official XCOM reboot released. At the time I recommended not purchasing the game due to its significant list of missing features, bugs, and poor gameplay. My review of course got condemed, but I'm a true believer in reviewing a game on how it is *now* and not what it *might* become in the future.Over a year later, here we are at the official release.Now that the game is officially finished and released I am re-doing my review to reflect on how the game is in the current state.Xenonauts takes the conecpt and gameplay that many of us fell in love with long ago with the DOS game X-Com: UFO Defense and brings that into the modern world. It isn't a direct copy however. The aliens are different, their are different weapons, different technologies, different aircraft. It takes the best of the original game, and combines it with some of the best modifications to that game. As icing on the cake, it also incorporates some of the features the XCOM reboot by Firaxis had.It keeps the isometric 2D view from the original game, but with more modern graphics. Large squad sizes are present (your first aircraft can have 8). Base defense is present. You are allowed, and required, to have multiple bases. Combat remains turn-based, and time units are very much present. That convers just about all of the complaints series fans had with the XCOM Enemy Unknown reboot.New is a more indepth aircraft interception mini-game (that's optional, you can auto-resolve if you wish). Unlike most games with an auto-resolve feature, this one doesn't screw you over with excessive losses/damage if you use it.For anyone who was a fan of the original XCOM: UFO Defense game, or new people who don't want to deal with a DOS Box game I reccomend they check out this game and give it a shot. The initial difficulty spike is quite large, but after a few games you can learn what works for you and really start to dig in."
76561198030974657,Recommended,223830,10497938,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,kabill,"I've been playing and modding Xenonauts for a year, now.  Steam tells me I've played ~200 hours and I could easily double that with the modding and mapping I've done.Since I'd played it so much, I wanted to see how it compared to the original X-Com: UFO Defense.  So, a few months ago, I loaded it up and started a game.  Half an hour in, half way through a ground mission, I quit.  For possibly the final time, I quit one of my most favourite games of all time; a game I've played on and off since I was 8 years old.X-Com is dead; long live Xenonauts!"
76561197985700639,Recommended,223830,10499783,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Canek,"20 years had to pass to nail it again. Look no further, this is THE X-Com of this century."
76561197985931072,Recommended,223830,10500867,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Harbinger Shay,"Fun, Tactical game capturing the feel of the original XCOM. I enjoyed the firaxis version but it was a different game."
,Recommended,223830,10502583,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Trance,"If you love the old XCOM games, you can't miss this, while its costantly improving, it managed to replicate the same setting of Ufo Defense in a more realistic fashion."
,Recommended,223830,10463610,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,mynameisrogernow,"I loved X-COM from way back in the day and I think that this game does a top notch job of carrying on the legacy. Its not at all like the simplified X-COM [which I also really enjoyed] from recent times. I feel that it captures all of the tension, heartbreak, class and openess of the original just with a facelift and more fun features. Give this game a chance because the learning curve can be steep, hell play it on easy if you have to for a while. Then look at your watch and realize you've been playing for 7 hours straight, your fingernails are gnawed down to the nub, and you are still craving more!"
76561197980651189,Recommended,223830,10468519,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Larius,"11/10 for UFO: Enemy Unknown fans7/10 for X-Com: Enemy Unknown fans (it's more hardcore and punishing with indie graphics)I'ts UFO... in full HD... with more options, many quality of life improvements and it's moddable (with dozens of mods available even before official launch). WHAT ARE YOU WAITING FOR?!?"
76561198044314453,Recommended,223830,10518165,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,kurthaven,"Absolutely fantastic in every aspect, if you have fond memories of XCOM they will be rekindled!"
76561197974596466,Recommended,223830,10518202,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Go Broncos!!!,Best X-Com remake I've ever played.  Support your indie developers!
76561198003231005,Recommended,223830,10518331,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,MMetsis,"I have been playing this game for a few months now on the Early Access program. It is, in my mind, the true remake of the  original XCOM Ufo Defense that I played all those years ago in 1993. Just like back then, time playing just dissapears somewhere and I have to remind myself to go to bed before it gets too light outside. I whole heartedly recommend this to all fans of old school turned based strategy. Well done Goldhawk Interactive!"
76561197973214726,Recommended,223830,10520196,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,stinkezeug,"For all those of you, who were disapointed by the latest UFO sequel, which just didnt feel right. Just 1 hour in the game and i get the UFO - Xcom feeling, just 1 inteception just 1 ..... its 4 o clock in the morning xD"
,Recommended,223830,10522231,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Thrushbeard,"THIS is what I wanted from the Firaxis reboot/reimagining.Firaxis' was pretty, the action camera nice but this has the openess and freedom of the orginals. Not being limited to one base for instance is a huge thing. The side doors on the transport chopper is a godsend! Xenonauts art syle may not be everyones cup of tea but the UI is very clean and functional. The pure terror of clicking end turn is bliss. I can't recommend this enough to anyone who loves the X-Com/XCOM/UFO/Jagged Alliance IPs."
76561197964113055,Recommended,223830,10523285,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,nbk_redspy,"Yes, this is a modernized version of the original XCOM.  Has some great extras that make management easier such as templates for soldier inventories.  If you liked the original XCOM, I highly recommend it."
76561198021267958,Recommended,223830,10525751,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Neowolf,"If you're looking for a good remake of the original X-com UFO defense, this is what you want, right here. Set in the later years of the Cold War. This is your dadd'ys X-com come back to life."
76561197997851062,Recommended,223830,10530391,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,sup,"It's quite simple:If you liked the old ""UFO: Enemy Unknown"" (or ""X-COM: UFO Defense""), then this is a really cool game! It's very similar, but there are some changes in the gameplay that I really like."
,Recommended,223830,10505737,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,MetalMax210,"If you ever thought XCOM wasn't enough like X-COM, this is the game you want."
,Recommended,223830,10506183,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Nemesis 2002,"Great remake of the legendary UFO Defense. Not a re-interpretation of it (as the quite excellent but much different XCOM Ennemy unknown), but litterally a remake with the same principles, recreated with a lovingly accurate and painstaking details. The 1970's cold war touch is also very welcome. New monsters, new tech, beautiful artwork, and, after 20 hours of play, still no bugs and no crash. Wonderful!"
,Recommended,223830,10332139,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Reno Not Real Rank,Not played alot of this game yet but its very fun more like old school xcom with out super bad graphicsthis game feels more easy to understand than most xcom gamesMore depth than xcom enemy unknowngood game imo
76561197972381537,Recommended,223830,10333481,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,firemane (Lex),"Xenonauts is one of the rare cases where a remake of a classic manages to live up to the original. In some aspects it even improves over the formula. You will feel the tension and you will love the characters, and if you don't play tactically you will pay with the lives of your soldiers. Buy it!----------------SpanishXenonaus es uno de esos casos donde la recreacion de un clasico llega a la marca sentada por el original. En al gunos casos ofrece mejoras a la formula. Cuando juegas sientes la tension y te identificas con tus soldados. Ciertamente es necesario el jugar tacticamante o pagaras el precio con sus vidas. Compralo, no te arrepentiras!"
76561197981929135,Recommended,223830,10350251,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,RedSnowMan,"Really brings me back to the classic Xcom days. It takes some learning to really get into the stride of things, but once over that hill it's a really intricate and fun experience."
,Recommended,223830,10352519,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,CP Klein,If you want to look at your debrief screen and conclude those were acceptable loses then this is the game for you. But just being a XCOM UFO Defense fan is enough of a reason to pick this up.
76561197968175487,Recommended,223830,10353959,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Pax Mantis,"I usually just give negative reviews for the large amount of human feces that claim to be ""Interactive entertainment"" here on Steam, but Xenonauts...my dear ♥♥♥♥ing GOD this game is great! Its awesome to see an xcom type of game come out that is better than any other xcom game currently out there. I give this 95/100 and a sectoid head."
76561197971509345,Recommended,223830,10359556,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Megaleif,"The most fun I have had with my pants on in quite a while... Truly a spiritual successor to the original X-com games and it does not pull the punches. Go in on Vet difficulty, name the squaddies after your friends and family and within short you will be berating those people in person because of their dismal morale, shooting and poor state of training. Pure gold."
,Recommended,223830,10363834,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,"SrCactus, Python Master","Xenonauts is a wonderful clone of the original XCOM - UFO DEFENSE and is in many ways a better experience. Xenonauts is more intuitive and pretty than its predecesor as well as creating the same feeling that you are juggling 9001 balls at once, and are constantly a few poor choices away from total collapse. All in all, the game is a great experience.Although I have not completed the game, just scratched the surface really (I've played three months in-game), I can say for certain that all of the difficulty of the original game is present. Every desicion is vital and it is imperative to really consider the best course of action at all times. If you don't, well, let's say there have been more than a few missions which resulted in complete annihilation of my squad, a terrible loss.The game is also much more faithful to the original than XCOM - ENEMY UNKNOWN, bringing back TU's, much larger squads, and a more complicated geoscape portion of the game. In many respects, though, it improves on the original. The OP Blaster bomb has been removed, the graphics look polished and attractive, and useful/relevant data is more easily accessed.However, I do not mean to say that the game is without faults. For new players to the series, there is hardly and tutorial to introduce them to the many facets of being an international super-secret alien defense force commander. This means the learning curve can be quite steep. Furthermore, the game has some frustrating line of sight issues. Sometimes, I will attempt to move my soldier to firing position, only to discover that the bush I was trying to shoot through might as well be a solid wall. Although over time I have been able to more successfully ascertain what I can and can't do, it has provided a great deal of frustration.All in all, the game is excellent, and in my oppinion more pleasurable to play than the original. (Although the punishing nature of the original adds a bit to the feel. Ironically by making it better it's worse?) Anyway, if you are a fan of strategy games or the original series then I would highly recommend you purchase this game immediately and begin fighting off the extraterrestrial invasion!"
76561197988585253,Recommended,223830,10422030,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,mech,"Review based on V1.01Most of what is good in this game has to do with the fact that for the most part its gameplay is copied directly from the original (1994) XCOM. XCOM is easily one of the best designed games ever, so a faithful remake can't be too bad by definition, and this one is not bad at all.Where Xenonauts tries to diverge from XCOM it does that with mixed results. For example, the alien races are quite a bit more diverse. One of the starting races is tough, has innate regeneration, but poor eyesight and is best dealt with from a distance. The starting weapons are great - the classic pistol, shotgun, assault rifle, sniper rifle and machine gun differ not only in stats (as in the original), but in their tactical values. Shotguns are deadly close-up, machines guns dish out tons of damage and can easily punch through obstacles, sniper rifles are amazingly accurate from a distance.Advancing the weapon tech is, unfortunately, quite boring. It is the same set of classic weapon archetypes all over again, only gradually more powerful. This is exactly the same as in the original game, but after seeing the initial diversity of ballistic weapons this was very disappointing. I had the same issue with the Firaxis XCOM - a ""laser shotgun"" just has to be one of the silliest sci-fi weapon concepts. The more interesting parts of the original tech tree, like the mind probe, the motion scanner, the psi technology and the blaster launcher are no longer in the game.The UFO activity seems to be much more involved, later in the game the aliens will start defending their missions with aggressive fighter wings that will bring down your dropship or fighters returning from a mission if you are not careful. The aerial terror missions are also a nice touch.On the other hand, the interception mini-game is highly repetitive, and very slow-paced - I have been using autoresolve most of the time because it gets very tedious after just a few interceptions, and the game will usually swarm you with UFOs because of how the economy works.I really didn't like the change where the engineers can no longer build items for profit - that option made a lot of sense in the original game (though was  probably too good to the point of Xenonauts' authors calling the feature an ""exploit""). In Xenonauts your engineers are just wasted resources unless you need something built immediately, which you don't always do, so they have to be fired / re-hired as needed to save money.The funding provided by the nations is just about enough to run 2 bases and fund two workshops. The only source of income for further expansion are the UFO raids, which are (relatively) less profitable than in the original, and therefore have to be more frequent. There is even an option to earn about 33% of the downed UFO's worth by bombing the crash site in order to avoid losing money when the ground squad is not available. Still, the income is quite low. For instance, the cost of a new base is $1M. Medium-sized UFOs that are prevalent in the mid game are worth about $50-75K if you raid them and $25K if you bomb them, minus the combat losses that can be VERY painful (a basic scout vehicle costs $60K to produce, and they are easy to lose). This means that in order to get a new base you need to raid about 15 UFOs with near perfect performance, and that is not considering the cost of buildings, staff and maintenance.Ground combat is pretty much the same as in the original game, except for the cover system that can sometimes be frustrating because it is not at all obvious how it calculates the lines of fire, and the game won't show you the cover calculations unless you are aiming at something.The game's performance is frankly embarrassing at times. The Geoscape scrolling is very laggy, visibility calculations cause obvious frame rate drops on larger maps, and the animations seem not to load until they are played for the first time, so the first time a new animation is shown it is basically dropped frames. This is simply unacceptable for a 2D game that is not particularly more complex than a 20 year old game that ran fine on computers compared to which your today's phone is a freaking alien planetary mainframe.Overall, the game does not really add that much to the original XCOM experience, however it recreates it quite successfully. I am finding myself returning to play just a couple more missions all the time."
,Recommended,223830,10486144,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Khazak,"X-Com...without the sparkles, bells and whistles...but with more depth! Still a crisp UI, with pleasing enough graphics; I'll take the depth over the glitz any day."
76561197982494901,Recommended,223830,10427033,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,sundog1,"Enjoying this game alot, its simple but addictive, much like the original x-com...some small features discarded and streamlined from that original but nothing to cry over. Overall makes for a much needed non-cartoony/consolized, pseudo real time (like the recent xcom and ufo series) spiritual successor to the original series."
,Recommended,223830,10927417,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,DEADSOULJAH1982,great game i find myself losing hours of sleep just playing this game like i did with the original xcom games when i was younger this game really is a more modern version of the original xcom games unlike the big name game companies that use the xcom name to sell this game captures the spirit of xcom perfectly
76561198047938440,Recommended,223830,10880614,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Ezokith,"Totally worth your cashmoney, if you are a fanboy of the Ufo/Xcom Series !"
76561198022554720,Recommended,223830,13755708,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,InVs,"The best Simply the best hardcore game i have ever played.I have failed so many times that i strain myself to learn how to play this game because of how difficult this game is.U WILL lose man almost every mission if u are not careful and the aliens will have new units,items etc as the game progresses and if u dont keep up with their technology u are gonna get screwed when u meet them on the battlefield or when they attack ur base.YEP i said it there is base defence.There is base constructions where u can build bases around the world i dont know the max amount of bases u can have but it adds more variety to ur choices on how u want to build ur base as u have to decide what to build. the living quaters for more man? the lab,the workshop,the hangar,the medic centre? EtcEvery month u will receive money from the countries u have protected and trust me u will have to defend a lot of them or else the money u get after a month is going to be less and less and less. I got bankrupt once because i only protected asia :PYou will feel your soldiers veterancy as they crack less under pressure gain higher stats like,accuracy,health etcand of course u will have those POS(piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ privates getting panicked and shooting ur own team.The maps around the world changes as there is a randomizer or something like that which creates maps based on the terrain the ufo crashed on or and any other areas u are going to have battlesIn conclusion i want to say that this game is a bloody good game because of how hard it is and recommend that u go and buy this game NOW!!!10/10"
76561197968200652,Recommended,223830,13799913,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Taso,"The best modern remake of X-com: UFO Defense and Terror From The Deep. It's the one most faithful to the old games.+ Improved interface/GUI, e.g. aiming interface is more like Jagged Alliance: right-click to improve accuracy.+ New air combat system that's much more fun.+ Eerie/Horror soundtrack similar to original games.+ Ground combat requires new tactics, e.g. grenades were nerfed, there is a suppression system.+ As in X-Com Apocalypse, you need to require live aliens and explosives destroy aliens bodies and equipment. So, it's more challenging to get live aliens.+ Improved graphics. Xenonauts and aliens animations are really fluid.+ So far (3rd month in the game), you can't seem to make money by creating items like in the old games. Your main source of income are the funding from the nations. Might be a minus for you.+ Quickstart guide and in-game tooltips lets you get started playing in no time.+ Geoscape now shows UFO events throughout the world, so you don't need to mess around with the cumbersome UFO Activity Graph like in the older games.+ Devs are still updating the game.+ The story and xenopedia entries are very well written.+ You can now air strike a UFO crash site for money, if you don't want/can't do the mission at the moment.+ Soundtrack and other goodies are included in the extras folder.+ Game is easily moddable.+/- Some parts of the game were simplified, but overall it still retains the essence of the original X-Com games. Some of those simplifications were: unlimited *basic* ammo/weapons, a single warehouse holds unlimited items, unlimited flares for night missions, buildings like missile defenses and some items like medkits are auto upgraded after research is done, alien items are sold/destroyed/stored automatically after a ground mission, soldiers don't have an energy meter.- Can't throw equipment to teammates. Have to drop it on the ground and have the other one pick it up.- I found the machinegun to be really useless.- Downed UFOs can only be entered through main door. You can't blow up any part of the hull, however you can still blow up the door.- Apparently, there is no incendiary ammo, particle disturbance grenade and particle sensor.Overall, the game is great! A must buy for X-Com fans."
76561197970897152,Recommended,223830,13671336,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,RK Limes,Great and true representation of the original X-Com.
76561197962131251,Recommended,223830,111889,"Posted: 16 September, 2013",all,N/D,Oldschool X-Com
76561198018291649,Recommended,223830,13731220,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Assassincraft96,Just a great game for those who enjoy a turn based strategy game or any of the new or old X-com games
76561197985847473,Recommended,223830,13720746,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Prophet Profit,"Summary: High-quality clone of the original X-Com: Enemy Unknown (1994).Positive: Its X-Com with modern features draped in a nice Cold War setting. The geoscape and battlescape are here with almost nothing left out (see below).The writing is actually a standout, reading the research reports was a small joy. Everything is presented in a way that is plausible in a late '70s timeline. The conclusions the science teams come away with are believable works of good fiction. I would love to provide an excerpt for your enjoyment here, but its too good to potentially spoil anything. There is also a bit of humor with a minor rivalry between the science and engineering departments.Speaking of research, as the game progresses and the Xenonaut program continues it's scientific advance, the graphics of your base screens update with the newfound technology; its a nice touch. Non-Xenonaut friendly forces also gain some of the technology you discover over time; neat!The game is also moddable.Negative: A few bugs: nothing too major, but there was one glitch that locked the game. This error only happend once over a 50+ hour campaign. There are some graphical errors when minimizing the game. Further visual glitches when aliens throw grenades; sometimes doubling in size until the animation completes, or appearing to throw twice in succession.There is a type of combat that doesn't involve traditional weaponry that is notablely missing from the game. The aliens still have it, but unlike every other X-Com clone the human forces simply cannot gain it... ever. Personally, I would have preferred for this type of combat to be rebalanced rather than removed from the game. There are only two ways to fight back against this ""weapon"" and neither one is reliable.There are very few maps in the battlescape. You'll end up on the same slightly-altered variations endlessly. There is a popular mod that fixes this.The infamous ""95%-chance-to-hit-but-still-somehow-misses"" RNG is still alive and well here. The aliens also get to throw grenades in some situations in which you cannot (""100% block"").Smoke Grenages are heavily nerfed, almost to the point of being useless. They were too powerful in the original for sure, but here they only last three turns (at best) and only work against a few types of aliens.The geoscape UFO activity happens all at once instead of being spaced out. Basically, the aliens coordinate one big ""assault-of-the-week"" every few days without variation. It would have been better to keep the old style of individual missions rather than this approach; it feels too synthetic.Overall: 8/10, I can't remember the last time a game has kept me playing in one sitting as long as this one. I felt like a kid again playing this wonderful game. Great job developers! With mods this is a nine out of ten game."
76561198054385691,Recommended,223830,14627611,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Bowa54100,"This game is a 100% ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.  My squad was destroyed exempting my sniper who escaped by the skin of his teeth, and then a god damn terror mission pops up and I had no one left to send support.  So the city is nuked and 300000 people die or go missing. 10 out of 10 would get game♥♥♥♥♥♥♥again."
76561198035102230,Recommended,223830,14628733,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,-NoT-ExactlY-,"Awesome game, can't wait to play more."
,Recommended,223830,2715241,"Posted: 15 June, 2013",all,Robert_DG,TY somone finaly did it this is as close as you get to xcom.if you are a big ufo enemy unkown fan this is the game for you.now the game is clomplete and bug free its is one of the best stradegy games you can get out there filled with huge amont of content.suport them buy the game.
,Recommended,223830,14610029,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,m0s,"If you played the original X-COM series, then there's nothing more to say about it. It is still as good as always :)"
,Recommended,223830,10509997,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Anzariel,"Yes! This game is an amazing remake that puts others to shame! It is the same experience of the original but revamped with all the news ideas. Except done well and not forced with a crowbar. The original developers would be proud, to say the least.Absolutely a title to have in your collection!"
,Recommended,223830,11126043,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,xXPrincessDianaXx,"Xenonauts is to Xcom, what Blonic is to Sonic. Completely orginal pls don't steal."
,Recommended,223830,7434763,"Posted: 20 October, 2013",all,Drackonus,"Spiritual successor to X-COM, for a true X-COM feel and gameplay this game is the way to go."
,Recommended,223830,10524136,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Jebuzz []-),Xcom remake done right!
,Recommended,223830,11104674,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Crichhhhwwt,Great game for everybody who liked the classical X-com!
76561197976483701,Recommended,223830,719714,"Posted: 8 July, 2013",all,Aranica,The X-Com: Enemy Unknown as it should have been! Will be the best game of 2013/2014! Back it & Grab it <3
,Recommended,223830,7371575,"Posted: 12 October, 2013",all,ptc|Cherokee,"This feels like a true sucessor to the original X-COM game, with all the improvements, and an interesting and somewhat fun air combat minigame...Using all the tools the world had...in 1979. I love it. Now if this company's next plan is a X-COM Apocalypse version (My favorite of the series), I'd be extremely happy."
76561197962116621,Recommended,223830,13916064,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,raptor145,"After 100h+ of playtime: The end was rather unspectacular.Can't decide if recommend or not...It hooks, but has its lengths..."
,Recommended,223830,13903707,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Stalking Goat,"Fireaxis reimagined XCom, and did a fine job. Xenonauts, however, is a much more faithful recreation of the original. Graphics and sound are of course upgraded, and the game interface has been modernized. There's a third sub-game (air combat is now a thing), but all the old goodness is back. If you liked the original, you'll surely like Xenonauts."
,Recommended,223830,14412139,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Azmodiuz,pure awesome !
,Recommended,223830,2425003,"Posted: 15 June, 2013",all,BigMeatSwang'n,wow. great game looking forward to it being completed.
,Recommended,223830,2426265,"Posted: 3 June, 2013",all,Big Floppy,"If XCOM:EU simply wasn't XCOM-y enough for you, allow me to introduce Xenonauts.I'll even give a quick rundown on a typical mission.""Whelp. Here we are guys!""""WHAAAARRGBLARBGLRBARL""""Your squad has been defeated. There are no survivors.""10/10"
,Recommended,223830,72025,"Posted: 27 June, 2013",all,HiveLeader,"If you like the first X-Com Game from 1994.. developed by Microprose, you should buy this game. Same strategic elements, like research new captured technology, manufacture tanks, weapons and aircrafts, building and expand your bases, train your soldiers, shoot enemy vessels and infiltrate alien bases. Prepare for some challenging missions and lots of fun !* Game supports other languages by community. ( See Goldhawk Forum )* Coming with modding support and intigrated level-editor.* Gameengine with Cel-Shading look and very good artwork !* Good Music like in X-Com: Enemy Unkown, that match the situation."
,Recommended,223830,351545,"Posted: 1 June, 2013",all,Nirvana,"Awesome! Old style amiga xcom with new graphics, bugs fixed and added features. At least a version of xcom that isnt dumbed down for the masses. Love it."
,Recommended,223830,722998,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,NetKrouse,"If you're looking for a modernized X-Com, that remains faithful to the original, then look no further. While the game is still in development, and rough around the edges, it's still incredibly fun and challenging. Firaxis' take on the series just left me disappointed in many ways, but this indie studio hits the nail firmly on the head."
76561198095648634,Recommended,223830,10191359,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,ww2guy,i greatly recomend this game for com users the interface is close to indentical your get to choose where your main base is tooair combat is  another great feature too
76561198025703942,Recommended,223830,10915648,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,solarlunatic,"If you don't play this game, then you want a Reaper to gestate in your body."
76561197972256900,Recommended,223830,10956944,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,xDEADx,Excellent and challenging
76561198095646353,Recommended,223830,10937176,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,wongchoeyew,This game is very close to the old school X-COM games.
,Recommended,223830,7770689,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,[OMBD]Salami,Awezome game. Realy close to what the original is/was. Even with more features it's not dumbed down like the new Xcom game that i got bored with instantly.Worth a buy but wait for stabile patch.
76561198031132826,Recommended,223830,4038980,"Posted: 3 June, 2013",all,Pattreth,awesome stuff - like the new x-com EU should have been (in most parts) and a perfect remake of good ol' enemy unknown
,Recommended,223830,8844452,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Crolynx,"I love the original X-Com: UFO Defense and this game is a great successor to that game. It's different enough to be fresh, but still a great take on a classic style game. It's right up their with any other strategy game in my book, even if it's still in beta process."
76561198070898796,Recommended,223830,8862006,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,TheChosenPheonix,I think this game is great. I am a massive fan of the old Xcoms and think this does it justice. I love the lay out of the levels the only complaint would be that more variety of levels would be good. Good game if you like your turn based strategy :)
76561198041949549,Recommended,223830,9576474,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,xacnafein,"At the time of this review, the game was still in development and thus there were some glitches, bugs and balance issues.With that in mind, I still recommend this game as a somewhat successful x-com copy. Graphics arent the best, but I have to admit that old school graphics scare me more than fully detailed 3d and shiny aliens in newer games from bigger studios. the pace is quite slow and you have to ponder every move, slowly get your team into position for every corner (a thing about tactical turn based games)Difficulty wise, Xenonauts is a bit tough on beginners, however if you are reading this, that means you are after some depth and challenge in a game, anyway. For x-com veterans it should be a walk in the park (while getting killed many times by an unseen alien and reloading every now and then)Although targeted to a limited market, this game can only get better with time as developers work on it."
76561198103284399,Recommended,223830,9374251,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,naberris,"simply amazing! exept for the auto updates which are awesome though past save files are not able to be played,you get far in the game and have to start over, which makes you better at the game though. love this game ive had it for a whilenow and its getting better with the updates. if you like jagged alliance / or x-com buy this game"
76561198021204441,Recommended,223830,9833505,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,tehroach,"This is the game that you wanted X-Com - Enemy Unknown to be :)Fans of UFO - Enemy Unknown, your prayers have been answered.Even in alpha Xenonauts is setting new high standards for its genra.You could argue that X-Com's graphics are better (although not by much).But Xenonauts hands down kicks♥♥♥♥♥♥in game play."
76561198133676492,Recommended,223830,9899291,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,Anyone,"Prepare for game that won't let you get away from computer for several days in row. Xenonauts is absolute must have for people like me, fans of old UFO, Incubation, Jagged Alliance.I'm right now playing early access, but already secretly hoping, that they will make expansion sooner than later.BTW: I hope, when you start new game, you will play on Iron Man :)"
76561197971272759,Recommended,223830,17097885,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Dj Whitefire,"This game is a must have for any fan of tactical/strategy based games.If you loved X-Com you'll love this, interface is clear and simple, no clutter, easy to find what you need.the AI offers a genuine challenge, it's delightfully unforgiving so save scum often, there is lots of lore to enjoy if that's your thing and lots of researching to be done if you want to stand a chance at winning.For sure a 10/10, one for the collection of any Commander."
,Recommended,223830,18090715,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Cybermancer,"By Marys left♥♥♥♥♥this game is good!Like the original Xcom, but better in almost everyway. But thats expected when so much time has passed.Compared to the modern Xcom, id pick this over it. Modern Xcom is fun, dont get me wrong, but it feels very.... flat. Xenonauts on the otherhand is a game that feels more alive and interactive. There is more to this than Xcom as well. If its on your wishlist, i suggest you remove and put it in your library instead"
,Recommended,223830,18255743,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Explosivity,I did not go gently into that good night.
76561197972920742,Recommended,223830,18498944,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,theunderking,"If you're looking for a sequel to the original X-COM/TFTD or Jagged Alliance. Well you've come to the right place. This is a great game. Given how rather stiff the animations are, I actually had strong feelings when the game ended.Warning last mission spoiler.It was bittersweet. As the wave of Reapers washed over my Xenonauts, weapons flaring, grenades exploding..they fell one by one.I dreaded each turn more and more.Well done Goldhawk. Well done."
,Recommended,223830,18280736,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Walla,"I hope you like aliens, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥."
,Recommended,223830,18573895,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Rassad,Better then Xcom.
,Recommended,223830,18660221,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,ObercoStyle UK,JUST BUY IT! my game of the year for 2014
,Recommended,223830,18649562,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Sakaari,"A remake of the classic UFO: Enemy Unknown with a multitude of minor tweaks. Much like the original, Xenonauts offers gripping turn-based tactical combat with a harsh difficulty curve."
,Recommended,223830,18592947,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Redemption,Decent.. we'll say sequel to the original X-COM games set in the 1960s.  Same frustrating RNG but still oddly satisfying when you pull off those miracle shots and actions.
76561198082577475,Recommended,223830,12271184,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,WadeOfElliot,"Despite how unforgiving the gameplay can be, you can still have your soldiers armed with shields and stun battons who then proceed to beat the living daylights out of aliens.Xenonaut : Welcome to Earth! ""ZAP!"""
76561198029765707,Recommended,223830,10991057,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,CC Runner 17,Amazing strategy game. Actually requires you to apply real world small unit tactics for success
,Recommended,223830,10991120,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,BobVosh,"Best X-Com game since the very first game.  Only complaints are minor, nitpicky things about UI.  Get it."
76561197978374804,Recommended,223830,10991980,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Faded Tiger,"Xcom Enemy unknown is good, but this feels so much more like the old xcom. Very fun, very heavy on micro managing the base and each individual soilder and their layout, as well as the randomized stats that makes it interesting. The combat is fairly large scale, in open areas, with lots of stress and caution, 8 people per squad and who knows how many aliens. Tense! Fun! Tactical.It isn't quite as logistical heavy or complicated as Xcom Apoc, but it's fun!If you liked the old xcoms, or you liked the new xcom, then you should like if not love Xenonauts!"
76561198030890794,Recommended,223830,10992050,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,MetaTron,If you were a fan of  xcom  then this is for you
76561197973543497,Recommended,223830,10995113,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Pharro,I've been waiting for someone to make a proper follow up to X-Com UFO Defense for a long time.  Thank you Goldhawk Interactive.  Great job!
76561198021688321,Recommended,223830,11137582,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,olstar18,This is not a recreation of the original xcom. This is an improvement. Everything is a complete improvement. Instead of sending out lone interceptors to fight off lone ufos you are able to send multiple fighters after a ufo and its escorts. It also gives concrete reasons for the invasion starting off so slowly. The ufo's are not suitable for atmospheric flight and must be modified and the smaller the ufo the faster and easier the modification. It also expanded on the variety of weapons you can equip your soldiers and the utility of other weapons. For example stun gas rockets and the addition of suppressive fire giving lmgs a more significant purpose than being extra powerful rifles.
,Recommended,223830,8700745,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Reventian,"Had to  edit te review, this game is worth your money 10/10"
,Recommended,223830,12205217,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Dimuyen,"A very good spiritual successor to the original xcom. This game is not for the faint of heart, it's actually quite difficult.And even if you succesfully navigate the missions, you may still lose the game if you haven't built up enough bases covering enough of the world to maintain your relationships with the various countries high enough that they'll keep funding you. If enough territories leave the alliance, you'll lose the game outright."
,Recommended,223830,12253829,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,TKR101010,Definitely a good game if you're into turn based tactical games. :) Very enjoyable.
,Recommended,223830,12226985,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Akira,"Xenonauts is easily the best Turn Based Tactics/Strategy game I've played in long time. I did not play the original XCOM or even the other spinoffs, so this review won't help you if you're looking at it from that perspective.We'll start with the core of the game, combat. Send your elite commandos all over the world to accomplish many different objectives. The combat is turned based, so you have plenty of time to think about your strategy, which is really important because around every corner, you're soldiers could meet their death. The better armed and usually physically stronger alien invaders have a clear advantage. If you're careless, you're dead. Customize your soldiers with gear/weapons to suite the role you want them to play and to suite your tactical preference, but watch out....when they're dead their dead for good along with all the expensive gear you may have equipped them with.You'll face many different types of enemies, each with their own strengths and weaknesses. You'll need to adjust you tactics nearly every mission, depending on what you're facing and what area of the world you're in Urban/Rural/Desert/Arctic. The maps can get a little repetitive, apparently there are not that many, but there are plenty of map mods available or you can make your own.The second part of the game is managing your military, as a whole.  You begin the game facing an enemy who has a clear technological advantage, but thorugh research you can implement Alien technology for your own purposes, but it's expensive and time consuming, so chose wisly. Playing the game on normal, you'll always feel one step behind the aliens as they ramp up their invasion. You'l need to build bases to protect the nations of the world, who are funding you! Let too many aliens thorugh, an you'll lose the nation, loose too many nations game over man.I have about 40 hours in so far and I can highly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys thinking tactically or strategically. It's a fun game you can play for 30 minutes at a time or settle in for a good 6 hour marathon. The combat can get a little repretive in the beginning, but as the game progresses I actually started to notice it less. I also downloaded some map mods too.I would give it 4 out of 5 and a must have for lovers of strategy."
76561198050492134,Recommended,223830,12251849,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Ace,"Very nice game, you can play it very easily and it brings back the memories of the old ufo games, polished and will bring you 100+ hours of game play, i enjoy doing a couple missions everyday. Thumbs UP"
76561197986641007,Not Recommended,223830,16018124,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,nosmaclear,"-A nice re-make that I wish had come out about a decade ago. For a small developer, it's a worthy product, both in design and in aesthetic. For me, however, the game still feels like work more than play."
,Recommended,223830,16127848,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Fuckmothering Shark,"I'd like to go on record and say that this game has ruined me. Due to my lack of skill in tactics, I think I lost a good total of six games, each only lasting 30-45 minutes, because I began to slip up a lot and couldn't advance faster than the aliens, leading to copious amounts of screaming and sobbing before I got it right. All in all great game, Dark Souls with aliens and tactics."
,Recommended,223830,15986971,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,PhoenixAshen,"A well done homage to the classic X-COM games. There's a hint of hobbyist design to things like the UI and controls, but I think that makes it an even better experience for fans looking for a modern take on the classics."
76561198052258243,Recommended,223830,5578502,"Posted: 3 June, 2013",all,Calthous,"Fantastic, its sort of a fan remake of the original xcom with numerous enhancements added in as well as original aliens and interesting mechanics. Pretty much, i am having alot of fun with the beta."
,Recommended,223830,10850845,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Artizak,"Not played any of the XCom games, either originalso I can say without nostalgia that this game is awesome! Bing nitpicky I'd've liked a tutorial, as a complete newcommer I had no idea where anything was, what I was ment to be doing etc and info screens only go so far to help and I'd like to see some sort of tech tree, either full in the manual or progressive ingame, showing what you've researched and what it leads to, form that you can often guess what might be coming next.What I do love is the simplicity of the ideas but the increadable complexity of everything that goes into them. It's nice as a noob to see a % chance to hit and mostly through trial and error I started figuring some things out to improve it and then I turned to the manual and found the long extensive maths that goes into calculating it.The graphics, although simplistic, suit the game remarkably and allow it to run on a brick like my laptop without any real problems.All told, this is a really great, addictive game that's slowly eating my life away :D"
76561198071898792,Recommended,223830,10805003,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Heijoshin,If you liked the original X-com you will more than likley really njoy this game. It is tactically very similar with several updates to the game play systems and things you can do. It is also set in the late 70's going into the 80's which adds a different feel to the game art as well. I find it be more kind of a refreshing reboot in a lot of ways and have enjoyed it even more since its official release.
,Recommended,223830,10862061,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Nevad,Really good clone of Xcom. Played a bit - feels like original. Atmosphere and the story are great.
,Recommended,223830,11379562,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Shafable,"That game you grew up playing X-Com?  This is the same game, but better!  (its just as hard as you remember)"
76561198017975705,Recommended,223830,11240938,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,MudCrab,"EDIT - (some 20 hours of gameplay later...)Having tripled my playing time and gotten deeper into the game I have gone from 'pleased' to 'impressed'. The curve at the lower levels is pretty good. You develop your newer guns, finally build and issue some, have fun for a mission or three and then suddenly 'WHAM'! New alien to bring your ego back crashing down.The air war ramps up quickly to the extent that while you start to feel you can handle everything being thrown at you on the ground, even at EASY you get the impression you just do not have enough intercepters and you never feel completely confident about handling all of the latest swarm.Having played more I have realised there are a lot more maps then I first assumed. Still not so many that you don't start recognising previous locations from time to time, but definately enough that even after 30 hours you are fighting on areas you haven't experienced before.Lot of fun, has that 'just play for a bit longer until...' attraction that easily chews up the playing hours but again, if you are not an existing XCOM fan then this game may seem a little old school to you.(end edit)(based on v1.07 and 11 hours play on Normal)Tentative THUMBS UP.Thing to remember is this game is Xenonauts, and NOT X-COM classic with better graphics. If it was sold as X-COM Classic -HD version or something similar.What that means is that, surprise! there are differences. Bases are now only one level, the world map is 2D rather then the funky globe. Some of the starting weapons and equipment from Classic either require research or are simply not within the game.Why?Because it is a different game and let's be honest, if you think classic X-COM was better, then maybe you should go play that instead (hint, I still do - or would if it wasn't so punishingly hard!! :D )The game is a bit of a mixed bag. Some of the interfaces are very simple, some (research screen I am looking at you) are downright ugly. Combat seems easier (in that it is possible to complete the early ground missions without having half your squad KIA) and the way reports of 'strange' activities pop up on the global map is interesting. You wont spot UFOs outside your radar coverage, but by looking at the reports of corp circles and abductions you can sometimes have a good idea where to send out a patrol.Ground maps are no longer randomly generated as they were in classic. On the plus side they now look a lot better, on the down side there is no longer the tenseness of simply exploring the map to work out where the drokk you actually are. Hopefully the game will add new maps with upgrades as once you have explored a map for the first time, remembering the danger spots with weird lines of sight is reasonably easy.Slightly disappointing is that crashed UFOs are no longer massively damaged when you arrive. Player's of classic will remember turning up on a crash site to find half a wall section and some un-lootable piles of smoking scrap and can breach the craft from the gapping holes your air to air missiles made in the hull. This means that every combat seems to back down to going in through the front door. Oh well.Some of the micromanangement has been removed. Everything you can't use yourself is automatically sold, so you no longer have store rooms full of stuff you are loath to get rid of.Also slightly disappointing is the study of the corpses you bring back, which are now done automatically. Gone is the choice between removing your limited science teams from the new lazer rifles you want to develop in order to study the latest hunting trophy.So, I think this is a good game. Maybe not 'great' and maybe not the sort of thing you would be interested in as an XCOM newbie trying to work out what the fuss is about."
,Recommended,223830,11412881,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Stangryn,"Pretty much a newer remake of the REALLY old xcom.  Same gameplay, mechanics, really haven't seen any differences (but maybe that's just because I haven't played REALLY old xcom in years)."
76561197983688965,Recommended,223830,11007624,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Apn,"This is good, x-com defense remake. has quite a nostalgic feel to it and lots of good equipment to make and develop. its mostly exactly the same as the old one with nicer graphics and new things, but its still quite boring. like the original i guess thats its quality, its very involved and sucks you in.i would only recomend it for die hard fans. newcomers would be put of by its structure. for eg at the start all soldiers can move like 2 squares and never hit anything. until they get a few kills then they are ok at moving and shooting, then eventually they can run milles and hit anything.well what im trying to say is thats normal for a ufo game. but new comerS would be like 'I CANT KILL ANYTHING WHY CANT I MOVE URGH THIS IS TOTAL UNBALANCED POOPOO'thats the best part loving your troops for thier strength and weakness."
,Recommended,223830,11000399,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,vcxy6b7n,"Amazing game, modern take on classic XCOM."
,Recommended,223830,11000713,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,CapnRat,"Can't recommend this enough. If you want the old school XCOM feel, this is where you'll get it!"
,Recommended,223830,11231681,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,E_128,"A bit of a simplistic presentation, but a really great game."
76561197972138867,Recommended,223830,20908170,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,ViolaJay,"First timer to the X-Com related games.  I thoroughly enjoyed it!  Played it through twice, in fact!  I totally recommend it for anyone looking for old-school tactical game, with a us-vs-aliens invasion twist. :)"
,Recommended,223830,20888514,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Jupiter_Strain,"Xenonauts is an echo from a time when XCOM was X-Com.What makes the game good is not that it hails from X-Com, but rather adds a new life to the game, further expanding on what makes X-Com good.For one, the game's updated graphics allows for the concept of cover to now be a thing, rather than hoping that this wall is going to save me.Secondly, the game adds in different weapons to help breach those pesky UFO doors and not get mowed down in the process.Third, the game does not shaft newer players in the first month, rather, it shafts players in a long, drawn-out, painful fashion.If you want to play X-Com, but don't feel like running DOSbox to play it, or want to see what it'd look like with a updated graphical engine, this game is for you."
76561198012247082,Recommended,223830,21091704,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Mr.stogi,"One of the best games, i ever played and extremly modddable. ITs a true succcsor to the orignal x com searies. Also game is menal olypics  to the extrme. Needs a fair amount of brain power and strategic thought, to wiin above normal difficulty."
,Recommended,223830,20925319,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Crucades,This is a great game until the lil green men arrive and beat your♥♥♥♥♥ Could use better graphics.
76561198106347268,Recommended,223830,19906786,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,keithrobbie,"I've been playing Xcom games since the original came out many years ago.I love micro-managing the bases and soldiers and am delighted with this version. The old problem of hunting through the whole map for that one elusive enemy has been eliminated!The only thing I'm disappointed with is the lack of selling off the starting equipment  (although this is about the only gripe I can think of).Altogether, a great game which I've spent over 100 hours playing, replaying and playing some more.I would be happy to recommend this to any turn-based strategy gamer."
76561197993947208,Not Recommended,223830,1507633,"Posted: 6 July, 2013",all,Opposing Farce,"Enjoyed the game thoroughly until a bug caused half of the late game tech tree to become hidden, thereby invalidating the last 30 hours of game time.  I never got to see the cool stuff.It literally wasted 30 hours of my life in that respect.  So, thanks for that.  And this is not an early access review, this is final build."
76561198036567933,Recommended,223830,20248496,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,eyforia,Amazing X-Com remake
76561198114959051,Recommended,223830,20284707,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,V-Bro - The Titan's Driver,"In XCOM: Enemy Unknown and Enemy Within, you fought battles.  In Xenonauts?  You fight a WAR!So far, that's the conclusion I've come having played and enjoyed both games.  After all, both have earned their praise for their own merits.  The XCOM successor reminded AAA that this type of strategy turn-based game is still desired.  And Xenonauts apparently captured the depth and spirit of the original XCOM from the 90s, though I wouldn't know since I didn't play it.  But I digress.I confess, this isn't a complete review yet, so I can only give a few main points right now.You heard the plot many times - humans must fight off the alien race.  But this ain't exactly a Spartan cutting everything down FPS style.The setting is 1979, and ""Xenonauts"" is the military organization put together by nations around the world (US, USSR, China, Europe, Latin America, all who can spare it).   Decades ago, an incident with an alien recon craft alerted Earth to 2 major realities -1.)  Aliens are coming.2.)  Any single nation is too hilariously outgunned to deal with them alone.Arrived they have.  Thousands of Aliens ships from Scouts to Warships orbit the Earth, but rather than just simply carpet bomb humanity, the Aliens intend to land down, infiltrate the nations, and conquer Earth using waves of soldiers and war machines.  For now, they can only send a few scouts to search for vulnerable targets and suitable sites to establish operations on the surface.This unique situation gives you time.  Time to intercept these scouts with specialized aircraft, then dispatch soldiers at landings or crash sites to extinguish the alien soldiers.  You will oversee these battles and guide them across a battle map until they have either extinguished all resistance or broken.  Once secure, all useful equipment, bodies, and weapons back to base for your scientists to analyze, and the rest is sold.  When your scientists develop the required technology, the engineers will build more powerful weapons, armor, vehicles, and aircraft.With better weapons and resources, your soldiers will more easily defeat aliens, and hopefully be more prepared when the Alien armies get bigger and change to more fearful tactics.That long paragraph I wrote is the game at its simplest, when it begins.  It won't stay simple.I'll have to summarize in a list.1. Build more bases around the world.  Supply them with their own aircraft, soldiers, and facilities, including Radar to detect incoming space ships.  You need funding to build and maintain ALL of it.2. Everything takes time to build, especially bases.  Plan accordingly.3. Otherwise, you can't handle the eventual wave of SEVERAL ships coming in, including transports, cruisers, bombers, and escorting fighter craft.  Yes, you need the ability to coordinate assaults at several locations.  Like I said, you're fighting a war.4. On top of that, several different kinds of species and ""droids"" will be sent upon your soldiers.  One tip especially:  FEAR THE REAPER!5. Keep advancing your tech, with lasers, then plasma, and get armor that will keep your soldiers from dying in ONE hit!6. Keep your bases defensible - They will be attacked.7. Do all you can to defend the nations funding you, but be prepared to make a hard choice of abandoning one if the aliens play a nasty hand.8. Prepare to capture and interrogate alien leaders, find out why they're here, and learn what it will take to beat this great enemy.So yes, a lot to deal with.  If you like XCOM:EU but felt it was too simplified, (they mostly just sent one UFO at a time in that game), here's the same game, only with emphasis on strategy - tenfold strategy."
76561197982200301,Recommended,223830,20481673,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,gears_sd,"I was really on the fence about getting this game. The reviews say it's hard etc. Well, I play it on easy and it's fun. It really is the successor to the original X-Com. I don't know that I would buy it for $25 but I got it on the winter sale and it's well worth it. Very much like the old X-Com."
,Recommended,223830,20454102,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,angelosnau,"This is a 2D game but it has depth and it is engaging. If you like x-com style games,it is a must."
76561198003333932,Not Recommended,223830,20369806,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Alkasyn,"It captures the feel of the old X-Coms very well. There's base management and missions. The base economy is pretty shallow, however, and there's not really much you can do there. You ahve to guess what the rooms do, as there's no tutorial.The fighting part of the game is O.K, but after a while it gets boring with the limited amount of equipment and maps. The cover system seems not to be working at all / is random and the vision seems similalrly random. The enemeis can easily one-shoot you, but they're dumb like a sack of bricks msot of the time, sitting in their crashed down UFO, doing nothing whole game.All in all, if you're feelnig nostalgic, check this out on  sale, like I did. Otherwise, wait for XCom 2, like I'm doing."
,Recommended,223830,20410925,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Sky Night,This is a pretty good mix between old school xcom and the ease of use of new xcom.
76561198036146868,Recommended,223830,20667628,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,fogogamergamer,"The alternative to XCOM: Enemy Unknown/Within, or vice versa. Xenonauts sticks closer to the original XCOM than the official reboot, which leads to some notable differences (amongst others). In all three games, you lead a section of infantry against an alien force that's superior both in quality and quantity. Unlike XCOM, though, your troops are actually a crack team of veterans recruited from around the world. That is, your privates can actually hit a target 10 metres away and not freak out when it looks at them funny afterwards. Also in keeping with the traditional game, the clock's been rolled back - but even further than the original, to the late 1970s. Yes, that's right: your soldiers are using M16s and M60s, and the Soviet Union still exists. Your equipment can be far better or far worse than in the ""official"" reboot as a result.In conclusion, the game is a very good compromise, nestled between XCOM:EU and XCOM:EW with the Long War mod installed. If you want an ""easy"" game with modern graphics and a minimal air war component, play XCOM:EW. For a surreal-bordering-on-pure-evil level of difficulty, go with Long War. For something that's in the happy medium between the two (or if you just want a nostalgia trip), pick up Xenonauts. Heck, pick up both successors if you want. One can be just as good as the other, depending on what you're looking for."
76561198051644681,Recommended,223830,20671727,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,~ Fabulous ~,I dunno what to say other that this is agreat game
76561197986587841,Recommended,223830,20591172,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,PKP,Great game!
,Recommended,223830,20500709,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,veelasky,I've never been so exited about this kind of game since Jagged Alliance!
,Recommended,223830,20509553,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,yasunori,"Linux version isn't really playable on 2gb ram and 2 ghz  celeron which is recommended, not minimalGame freezes, scrolling is really choppy, fonts are crooked (because i use minimal resolution i guess)looks like true to the roots xcom though"
76561197986629379,Recommended,223830,13090097,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Vali,Worried about their end of supportThe game is good but needs alot of fixing before its done
76561197994096045,Recommended,223830,1518280,"Posted: 24 August, 2013",all,Filth,"If you loved the original X-COM, or just like turn based strategy with RPG elements, can't get better than this game :)"
76561197961770831,Recommended,223830,20870512,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Altanael,Played a lot of TFTD decades ago.It was a good game.This is a good game.
76561197981873594,Recommended,223830,11027102,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Jerry Atric,Oh it hurt so much when my poor girlfriend turned a corner and got shot through the head...should have sent the rookie. Just like Xcom this game really delivers. The only thing I can say is that it could use some more maps but the mod community seems to be on this. Overall if you liked Xcom get this game
76561198092054160,Recommended,223830,11039265,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,༼༽Shadrakor༼༽,"It's a great game if you want to be able to see your characters evolve. From traditional fire-arms, to lazer-weaponry, to mechs. Not to mention feeling the struggle the human race is put through when you, the Xenonauts, are the last line of defense.It's a great game for wasting time, and it leaves you with a great sense of accomplishment.Tactics ensue!"
,Recommended,223830,11042581,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,TravelerTraveler,"Probably more X-com than the official X-com sequels, Xenonauts stays true to the original gameplay of ""UFO Defense"" and ""Terror from the Deep."" While graphically the game is to sterile or cheery, this can be quickly remedied with mod support, which the game supports fully. Using mods you can increase the number of maps and weapons to a huge amount, and bring some limits to the ""free grenades"" and ""free ammo"" the game defaults with to bring it more in line to the original game.Unfortunately the devs(dev?) doesn't seem to want to incorporate the great mods that enhance the game into the product itself, which means that with new versions of the game mods are constantly breaking, which in turn makes the game a chore to play because if you don't want your game crashing constantly you will have to wait for each modder to individually update the mod into the game."
,Recommended,223830,11089338,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,draeh,A great homage to the original X-COM with some nice updates and differences in play. This is definitely going to ruin my freetime just as X-COM did when I was in college.
,Recommended,223830,3508455,"Posted: 12 June, 2013",all,Sharmandril,X com. Amazing
76561197981660725,Recommended,223830,11101231,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Skitz,"Fun but hard. Your men easily die so you have to play it really carefully. rushing=failure in my experience.What i do wonder though is how sometimes the aliens seem to be able to target from insane ranges and oneshot a soldier and my shotguntoting assaultsoldier misses while standing next to the alien with no obstructions.If the creators update some of those probabilities and hitchance% and make it make sense, this game would be really good. For now this is the only true downside to this game, the hitchance% and how it is calculated seem totally random and erratic. No logic whatsoever and absolutely frustrating sometime.Besides that critical flaw this game truly is lots and lots of fun if you enjoy the genre and sure offers a challenge due to its difficulty"
76561198012302141,Recommended,223830,11253119,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Hank Hill,"XCOM:UFO Defense was released the year I graduated.Let me clarify that I do not remember the release date because it is the same as my graduation. I remember my graduation date because of the release date.I first saw this played on a 486DX and then had to hack and upgrade my Tandy 1000EX to be able to run it. I spent $700 in 1993 money to upgrade my RAM to a whopping 768kb. In the end I upgraded machines to play this, Mechwarrior and AOE.I have also played numerous attempts at sequels, upgrades and fan made remakes. There is NOTHING that come even close to this one. This game is solid, true to it's roots and adds, answers all the things you wanted in the original without♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥the things that made it unique. True the last update wiped the scalable destruction but it is a small price to pay. I would spend twice the price for this."
76561197995305055,Recommended,223830,11238119,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Crankley,Very reminiciant of the classic. Unforgiving learning curve. Watch some lets play footage before buying.
76561197964529548,Recommended,223830,11175301,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Pibb,This game is great.  Challenging but not abusively so.  It's got an excellent mix of tactics and overall strategy.. great 2d art to supplement.  More of a spritiual successor to the original XCOM than any of the recent sequels.
,Recommended,223830,11155468,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Luttaire,"A tactically deep, eminently replayable, global alium defense simulator. It's solid, a little buggy here and there, but has a decent community behind it, and is most assuredly fun to play, especially (alongside) friends. The graphics are good, isometric, but quite good- and are easily enhanced to a fair degree by easily installed on-site mods.Overall, I'd give it a 7.2/10 ""Impressive, replayable, but lacking in heavy customization and especially rich lore out-of-box."""
76561198041529289,Recommended,223830,11155497,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Atlas Fontaine,Very nice old school game which brings you to first series on UFO. The only one thing which is not ideal is the price.
,Recommended,223830,11224108,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,David,This is the only true spiritual successor in my book.
76561197993843614,Recommended,223830,11224524,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Banal_Justice,"This is X-Com UFO defense 2.0If Wasteland 2 is to Fallout, then Xenonaughts is to X-com UFO defense.You get updated graphics and some minor improvements on the original.  The designer of this game must have logged many hours in Ufo defense and Terror from the Deep because I found the controls to be better than the originals.  I don't recall so many hotkeys being available to speed up the tedium of mouse clicking for 100's of UFO recovery missions, but its in here.I also like that practically every tactical mission has NPC humans, rather than just terror missions.  There are also NPC combatants that manage to bag a few every now and again.When I read about the interactive air interdiction I got excited; however, I haven't figured out how to play it.  If I autoresolve I have a 100% chance of downing an aircraft.  If I manually try my ♥♥♥♥ dies on me.  I'm not doggin it; I'm just saying that it bring a new element that challenged me.  For now, however, I'd rather do the autoresolve thing.How does it compare to Xcom Enemy Unknown?  This is more refined.  We don't have mass appeal stuff thrown in like video cutscenes and cheesy stereotype dialogues (e.g., there is no metro-smexual tension between Dr. Tittsus and P.E. Dr. Bigcuck).  Don't get me wrong; I really enjoyed Xcom Enemy Unknown, but Xenonauts is the true tribute to the original.  It doesn't sell out and try to be fancy.  It is humble, stark, and as forgiving as the orginal.What else can I say?  I have a feeling that I will be playing this version from now on.  Like I said, this is Xcom 2.0.  Why play 1,0 ever again?"
76561197966568064,Recommended,223830,11024420,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Bie,"Enjoyable turn based strategy game akin to X-com.Managing bases, personnel and international relations in geoscape is interesting and will test your tactical prowess.On a more strategic level, you will be engaging in land based missions and will be put in command of a squad of Xenonauts.  Seasoned strategy fans will feel right at home. But still, aliens will put you on your toes as your soldiers can potentially be killed in a couple of shots. It is quite satisfying then to nurture an elite squad of soldiers by completing missions and letting them gain experience in combat. It is also always addictive to get let your soldiers gain ranks and medals.For me Xenonauts is definitely a more worthy successor/tribute to the original X-com then X-com that was made by Firaxis in 2012."
,Recommended,223830,11898048,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Quickboots,"Great game for those who enjoy strategic turn based combat. The arial combat isnt what I would call amazing, but every other aspect of the game has good depth, strategy, and a sense of urgency. In addition to all of that, it's challenging enough to keep you from idly approaching any combat scenario. There will be bodybags."
76561198088213774,Recommended,223830,11514162,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,spots2012,This game is a true homage to the original Xcom. It can get a bit grindy which is an issue that the original Xcom had as well.
76561198114106579,Recommended,223830,11589208,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Periadoc,"This game is excellent but frustrating. The harder difficulties are very unforgiving if you have not played the game or the original xcom games. Combat is exciting but takes time to learn. Air combat also take time to learn. For instance, if the screen says you have 100% chance of winning by autoresolving, that still means you can lose if you fight the ufos manually. My final complaint aobut the game is that navigating the many screens can be somewhat difficult. Overall, though, this is a very well done game that is worth playing."
76561198039354962,Recommended,223830,11825525,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Tigergeist7,This game is less Hollywood than X-COM.
76561198144125800,Recommended,223830,11819232,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,catweaselcrow,"A remake of the original TBS classic X-Com:UFO Defence from the 90s.If you played any of the original Microprose X-Coms and were disappointed with the Firaxis reboot's lack of depth, then Xenonauts will not disappoint.It plays very similar to the original X-COM with some extra polish as you'd expect 20 years later.My favourite aspect is that the game has been opened up to the modding community, and there are some great mods out there that vastly expand the tech trees, maps, equipment etc etc.If you aren't familiar with the original, the game is split into a strategy layer, where you intercept UFOs, build up your bases, equip your troops and aircraft, do research etc, and a turn-based squad combat layer where you investigate crashed and landed UFOs, alien bases, terror sites etc.You never have enough money to do everything you want, and the difficulty ramps up as the invasion progresses.The graphics may seem a bit antiquated, but it's all about the gameplay, and rolling out your strategy for defeating the alien invasion.The ambient music is excellent, and the hours fly by as you get immersed in the game.In my opinion, a must-buy for any fans of the original series, and recommended for any TBS fans."
76561198009772573,Recommended,223830,11763196,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,[HMRD] Archcraig,"How the new Xcom should have been made. If you liked the original xcom, BUY THIS! More like the original, with a current gen UI (thank god). Very unforgiving game, yea your best trooper just got his face blown off getting out of the choppa. Also, renaming your guys to your friends or familys names is hilarious."
76561197970565813,Recommended,223830,11772032,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Mr. Smiles,"If you are looking for a true sucessor to X-com, look no further. You establish your soldiers, you design your base. Do you want four bases? With this game you can do it. It doesn't have the graphics that Xcom:Enemy Unknown has but it has the depth and customization of gameplay. In a word Fun.Hint: When in combat use your right mouse click to set the number of APs you will use - the slider on the lower right is for conserving APs to do those actions, you still have to manually set how many APs you are going to use when shooting for a snap, normal or aimed shot.Enjoy!"
76561198031298662,Recommended,223830,11795085,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,deepbeneath,"It's alright. I'm not blown away, nor do I regret the purchase. It's a clunkier, uglier version of the modern X-Com."
76561197963650004,Recommended,223830,11077657,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,kurple,"EDIT:Last I reviewed this game it was a crashy, pile of mess, but now I have a better opinion of the company.The list of problems include:1. Start-up crash (Fixed)2. In-game crash (Still happens sometimes, but not as frequent)3. Buggy gameplay (Still few, but they've improved a lot)4. Buggy Iron Man mode (Occurs when you Alt+F4 out of IronMan during Alien's Turn)5. Graphic bugs (Fixed)6. Saving gets corrupt and unplayable. (Hasn't occured since the latest patches)7. The ONLY resolution that can be played on is 1600x900 in windowed mode (fixed)I love the game, reminds me of X-COM and UFO, but it's really buggy (Now I just love the game :) )"
76561197970898180,Recommended,223830,11528893,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Mooncalf,The real XCOM starts here.
,Recommended,223830,11536624,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Rakun,"This game is amazing. It is a good and improved remake of the very first X-Com game, and it has been amazing so far. The story behind it is excellent too, and there's even a novel explaining it further.The soundtrack is amazing as well, with dark ambient to normal ambient and perhaps other types of music.It has a couple of... wooden parts, but overall, it's been great."
76561198026326814,Recommended,223830,10890606,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,76561198026326814,"Very Fun, I love how the air combate works."
76561198072527463,Recommended,223830,11630700,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,pedrotfs,"I waited so long for this... and it was really worth it! thank you so much!besides the poor sprites, gameplay is really solid, the ease to mod is quite welcome, the setting is really tense.AWESOME! if you like XCOM this should be your game to go. not that big budgeted one.BTW if you guys launch extra-content like an modern setting alien invasion, or something like TFTD count me in!"
76561198043887041,Recommended,223830,11632024,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,H4L_Gorilla_Mask,"This game is purely and simply amazing, any fans of Xcom will find great joy in this title. One of the biggest pros this game has over any Xcom game is the very high level of custimization, events, and hostile A.I is just jawdropping. This is the very first game i've ever playing in this genre that you can lose in the first 4-6 hours of playtime, and for me that just makes the game more rewarding. All in all Xenonauts is a highly improved / detailed version of the classic alien invasion stategy type games, I highly recommend anyone to give this game a try via steam or (torrents). ;0"
,Recommended,223830,11526690,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,lagrenouille,True XCOM game:) It feels a lot like XCOM tftd and ufo defense.Well done!
,Recommended,223830,11327069,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,bog lord,"This is a pretty sweet game, killer soundtrack, great gameplay, spooky aliens, pages upon pages of lore in the xenopedia complete with a free novella recounting first contact. This is what I wish Enemy Unknown had been and I was never even one to be nostalgic of the originals mostly because I hadn't played them but to compare them side by side this, to me at lest, is simply a better strategy game. Each and every difficulty setting is a challenge even easy mode but then again I'm a dumb dumb, I couldn't really recommend it more I haven't found an aspect of it that pisses me off at all. The first time I took a look at the manually controlled air combat I said out loud ""Why did I click on this button? It was a guaranteed victory."" But I did not then understand that it was fantastic air combat not to mention that you'll be better off engaging a target manually if your percentage for victory is less then seventy because you can do what a computer cannot, fight for the survival of humanity with some gumption.Anyways it's got big women, big money and big fun. Scratch the big money though because it's only twenty-five bucks so hook yourself up with a sweet game."
76561198075224178,Recommended,223830,11584132,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,rdkelly319,"This game is downright Awesome!I played X-Com quite a bit on PC and on consoles, but nothing compares to this. Graphics my not be great at all, but they are very crisp and easy to get 60 FPS. Game machanics are the meat and potaotes, perfect in almost every way. Contrary to X-com. Strategy is Key, all the way down to base placement and research. If you have any doubts about buying this game, buy it anyways.9.5 / 10"
,Recommended,223830,11735499,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Ikelae,"I really have enjoyed the short time I have put into this game. After one Ironman run where I ultimately have to restart, I couldn't be happier! The amount of depth and customization is really great! I enjoy a lot of things about this game, and as someone who got into the Xcom series a bit late.. I find the UI preferable to the classics and the title a good way to experience the old elements of the xcom series that didn't carry over to the newest release. A good game in it's own right, and a good route to go if you want something harder in the same genre as enemy unknown/within. A great spiritual successor to the older entires and brings back memories of old school TBS gaming.The few little problems I have run across are more than overlookable.I am quite glad to see where this game has gone, being hesitant at first to hop on it until more development was accomplished! I would say in it's current state it is a quality product, well worth the price tag!"
,Recommended,223830,10708305,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,-D4RtHSiDi0uS-,"Fantastic Game based on xcom, just the right amount of awesome in every way. !!"
,Recommended,223830,10585329,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Nixx,"First and foremost, this is a brilliant game. The best way I can describe it is take XCOM: Enemy Unknown of 2012 and for every graphical superiority that game has that you take away, improve and refine an aspect of gameplay.This is UFO/XCOM of 1994 as a similar IP, the aliens are named and look somewhat different, but you're looking at a lovingly crafted tribute that far surpasses it's inspiration. If you didn't play XCOM 2012 because it was different and therefore dirty compared to your rose-tinted nostalgia goggled view of UFO/XCOM then this will certainly float your nostalgic boat.Gameplay wise, believe me that the moment you research stun batons you want 3 dudes with high TU packing a baton and a riot shield. Storming a downed UFO is a cakewalk when you just stroll in and punch everybody in the face :DI only have two possible critiques and they are that while the sprites are quite detailed, you really can't tell one soldier from another so it's hard to build the kind of bond you had with your troops in XCOM 2012 and secondly the fixed isometric veiw can sometimes cause you to leave a soldier in your dropship because you forgot him/her as you can only see the top of their helmet, that's happened a couple of times but isn't even a serious problem as you might guess.If those are the only two negatives my fussy butt can think of after around maybe 20 hours playtime it really boils down to one question:Are you a graphics ♥♥♥♥♥?If not, you really should buy this game!"
76561198010401580,Recommended,223830,10595274,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,davli,"One of the best games i purchased from Steam.  More fun than the original Xcom, more fun than the new Xcom.  More fun period.I like the efficient keyboard shortcuts, also the preset item loads for roles.  Things move briskly with no animated ""frills"" so i can concentrate on the tactics and investing emotionally into the soldiers.Retro games should be done like this"
76561198049501123,Recommended,223830,14055354,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,draykorinee,"Holy cow yes, I actually uninstalled it because I racked up most of my 33 hours in a week. So addictive."
76561197994834498,Recommended,223830,13815245,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Andy Dwyer,"I bought this game on sale and then never touched it, returning to the older XCOMs even the new XCOM.Then just after Christmas 2014, I decided to give it a try.WHY CAN'T I STOP. This game is the perfect modern remake of the older XCOMs, but better. They removed a lot of the useless buttons from the UI, made some better functionality, but retained all the fun of running your own alien defense company. Highly reccomended."
76561198024915401,Recommended,223830,14090779,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Rape Bait,Bunched my team together to assault a UFO. Opened it to find six reapers.10/10 would become a zombie again.
76561198005589228,Recommended,223830,13976567,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,shawnhauer,Absoultely the best X-Com remake ever. I am greatly pleased with this game. I have replayed it several time and each time was just as enjoyable as the first. I wish more companies would remake good game as they were intended and not those with artistic license (usually bad choices).Thank you for a great game and an awesome flash back  to X-Com.
76561197978638448,Recommended,223830,13936007,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Soup,"Classic X-Com remade, but with enough minor differences that it feels fresh and interesting."
76561198044552917,Recommended,223830,13990213,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Spreadingbull,"Excellent game, unforgiving but if you're a fan of ANY of the old-school x-com games, you'll like it.  The first few times you play, you'lll likely fail, but stick with it!"
76561198014431520,Recommended,223830,13972920,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Siluroo,"If u liked xcom, u will like this, its awfully addictive, and terrribly frustrating, but most of all, its just great fun.  Its got me hooked, at least for now! I have been playing the 1.5 testing version, and not had any real problems, except for those damn aliens killing my guys, when they not supposed to!9/10 for being good at what its supposed to do, and 10/10 for the fun I am having with itBtw, no crashes, no game breaking bugs so far, cant think of anything bad to say about the game, it is missing the cinematics you get with BIG budget titles, but hey, it makes up for it in gameplayGET IT :) GET IT NOW lol, unless u dont like this type of game!"
76561198086545971,Recommended,223830,13962368,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,jacob4408,"If you prefer gameplay and strategy over graphics and glitz this may be right for you.  If you like tactical turn-based ground combat this probably is for you.  If you enjoyed XCOM or one of its many  clones this is definitely for you.Xenonauts has all the best features of the original X-COM UFO Defense and eliminates many of the major annoyances.  Overall, this is a clone so although there are a few new and very welcome additions, it is very similar to its inspiration.Hands down, Xenonauts is the best implementation of this genre that I have played.  I waited for it to go on sale to buy it because I'm a single working parent and pretty miserly as well..  Two days later I bought it again at full price as a gift for my friend.  It's that good."
76561198106047165,Recommended,223830,13918922,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,brittenclose,Tweaked some of the game files to better suit my playing style. AMAZING game.
,Recommended,223830,14035336,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Thousand Whispers of Slaanesh,Original Xcom but better and not by Firaxis.
76561198032652477,Recommended,223830,12974623,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,blackeye72,Actually plays a lot like the original X-com UFO Defense........good game.
,Recommended,223830,13204949,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Snakin Akywalker,"I haven't played much of the game myself, as my time played on record suggests (1.6 hrs as of December 2, 2014); however, I've seen and learned a great deal about it through YouTube videos. This is what I get out of playing the game after being totally new to the turn-based strategy genre with the exception of an hour on XCOM: Enemy Unknown:Firstly, this game is not easy for newcomers- unless you have a natural talent, in which case you should be alright. Despite this difficulty, the game poses a very interesting (and certainly frustrating) challenge if you let it do so. Small decisions count as much as most big ones- big decisions are just more obvious and, at times, more crippling.Secondly, the concepts that the game introduces are simply awesome- that is, they literally made me look to the internet to see how far along the current world powers are in terms of railguns becoming more mobile. The game does explain some of the ""science"" behind the magic, but beware the pseudoscience behind some of the tech.I could actually type for hours about the sheer joy I get from crushing the skulls of the fallen caesans and other ETs with a tank.Intruiging story, wonderous imagination fuel, and not-terrible-but-not-like-Unknown/Within graphics. A creepier invasion for the ""braver"" player. Overall, a good buy for those interested in the genres of sci-fi and strategy, but definitely not for those who can't handle a crushing defeat every now and then. Probably a good Christmas/B-day gift for some friends."
,Recommended,223830,13208787,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Hula121,ayy lmao
,Recommended,223830,13188434,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Foxwaffles,"Great game, I have played 34 hours according to steam and loved every minute of it. Very in depth lore and description into the technology and aliens that you come into contact with. I have never played xcom but I have heard this is a fantastic spiritual successor to the original xcom games. great tactics in what you research and construct, great money managment, great tactical ground combat, fantastic variablitiy in you decision making, with all the options it has great replayability and it is for a great price. I would recommend all day every day."
76561198101591322,Recommended,223830,13191107,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,andrew_12122,"If you played the new x-com and liked it but thought you needed more control over the geo scape and shooting down UFOs  then buy this game, it gives you much more to do in the geo scape and theres tanks in the ground assault missions! Keep in mind that this is an indi game so don't be expecting AAA game graffics but you can still have fun with the game. Also if you liked the origonal x-com you will be pleased that this Xenonauts is extremly unforgiving one messed up ground assault can kill your hole A-Team squad and force you to load a save.... unless you play iron man mode, but those kind people get off on that sort of punishment."
76561198015798007,Recommended,223830,13237808,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,gizlikodlar,This is a special game for old X-COM players
76561197970628943,Recommended,223830,12279071,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,JJones,This isn't a bad game. It comes very close to the feel of the original X-Com games. However it does have a few bugs that can make gameplay annoying at times. The worst is line of sight. Sometimes enemies behave like they can see thru walls and floors and shoot right through them like they aren't even there. Otherwise the game is fun to play.
,Recommended,223830,11479586,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,bambam,"seems like they have been focused on copying the original x-com. the words just like the old x-com pluss more is excatly right. really enjoy what they did here.I work, so i need to sleep. A bit difficult after buying this game. Just one more turn...."
76561197994275439,Recommended,223830,11487554,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,VaLenin,"Man this game brings me back to the good old days of XCOM... Hands down one of the most fun/addictive turn based strategy games out there... Its not easy, so if you're looking for a challange, this game will deffinately have you loading your saved games...."
76561197965669779,Recommended,223830,11425104,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,plentyful_carnage,"I do like this game, i get flashbacks to UFO on the Amiga in my younger days :)My only wish is that there was more variety in alien types, but that is one of those things that is not a deal breaker for me."
76561198029007199,Recommended,223830,11425179,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,J666,Very good remake of the original UFO.
76561198042349935,Recommended,223830,11420879,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,aurondenengrad,"Very good game overall. Although, berserking is very game breaking and in itself is broken. when a soldier panics or gets hit by a psionic attack they can berserk and start killing your own guys like crazy. however they ONLY attack your own guys. and worst of all, they can berserk in the most ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ situations... example.team of 6 soldiers. all alive and well, they see one skinny alien, they are all under cover, and have a f***ing take outside covering them. again in good health. suddenly pvt. emily caron feels like this is too tense and kills poor corpal kevin right next to her. broken? hell yes. unless this bug is fixed. i honestly don't think i can enjoy this game to it's full potential."
76561198018325467,Recommended,223830,11297474,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,charger88,"This is a fantastic remake of the original X-COM UFO Defense. Kept the best part of the original game and the air combat is much improved. I see folks reporting bugs but I have not had any. It is a great turn based combat game. Remember, bring C-4...."
,Recommended,223830,11301829,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Der Entleiber,"If you liked the old XCOM:UFO Defence and XCOM:Terror from the Deep  - you will probably love the Xenonauts game!Its almost the same, except for small changes, they raise the playing comfort.For example: you will be auto-equipped  with flares on nightmissions  or you can easy create a default equippment for soldiers.I've played so many XCOM sucessors - compare to xenonaus they are bad rip-offs.The best until Xenonauts wars - beside a slightly diffenrent gameplay -  Xcom:Enemy Unknown  (with a mod installed)).If you struggle, because you've tried so much XCOM titles and not one has full filled the real ""XCOM-feeling"" - buy Xenonauts!  You wont be disappointed!"
76561197979948240,Recommended,223830,11277947,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Sunn brO))),"My intro to XCOM was the 2012 game, and I found the original tough to get into because of the UI and the graphics.Thank goodness for Xenonauts, then. It takes the gritty, granular tactics of UFO Defense, and adds a fresh coat of paint and some new controls. The art and setting are distinctly darker and more realistic than XCOM's cartoony superheroes, and the gameplay is waaay more stressful (enjoy getting shot at from offscreen!)Highly recommended if you found 2012 XCOM wanting in some ways."
76561198062479462,Recommended,223830,11285221,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Regular Legs,"It's a really good game, I just wish there was some voiceover work. I read the research notes and it would be pretty cool to hear the scientist say it. It's nice that you can manage your personell to work on multiple projects. The ground combat reminds me of the first 2 fallouts which is pretty cool. I like the air combat, that's pretty slick."
76561198028367968,Recommended,223830,11288202,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,stevezarm2k3,"New to the game. Like the ground combat except that a soldier can't use a medpac on self. More importantly, the text boxes are way too small making me use a magnifing (?) glass to barely make it out. They are patching on a regular basis so thats good.After playing Civ 5 for all the years since it came out this is a nice change. So except for the small text its worth the 20 bucks if you love tactital battles."
,Recommended,223830,11319343,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Cruel_Crow,"I can't say that the game is ""awesome"", but I strongly recommend it to any X-Com: UFO Defense fan. The game offers the classic X-Com gameplay with dozen of new features and neat graphics.But be warned: Xenonauts is still full of bugs and UI/gameplay defects."
76561198096976800,Recommended,223830,11336526,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,flickerlight,"A great idea and a perfect atmosphere of the old UFO.Yet implementation is very buggy :(First of all, crazy effects appear on display sometimes.After trying 1.07, I have purchased and downloaded the recent update offered by Steam today, and now my starting level interceptors are unable to win an air combat agains the lightest UFO (UFO always outruns missiles and then destroys planes) while auto-resolve gives 100% success.Hope, once all the bugs will be fixed, but currently they spoil the impression."
76561198031197654,Recommended,223830,10821019,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,ScrubGod,"You have no idea how tense this game is. Did I mention its unforgiving? Even on Normal this game punishes you for the smallest mistake I still love it since its just exciting to play and you feel accomplished with every challenge you overcome and the detail put into the logs is pretty legit. Also, not many will get this but I gave Carl the Rocket Launcher and he managed to shoot the piece of cover he was hiding behind... GOD DAMNIT CARL!"
76561198049375789,Recommended,223830,10815395,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,GraveCro,"After playing the game for At least 10+ hours i can safely say that i got my moneys worth and that the game was a ton of fun.Now that being said, the game has a lot of problems and I am not talking about bug's cuz i didn't see any while playing no what i talking about is the huge problem that is the boring ground combat. While at the beginning it's fun with time it becomes more of a chore and you wish the game had a auto resolve for that although you can airstrike but you team get's no xp and less money.The problems i have noticed are as follows (personally) :1. you can't rotate the camera thus navigating the terrain can be sometimes finicky2. the utter lack of soldier customization. While you get a portrait and all in game every soldier looks the same so you feel no connection to your soldiers and you simply can't distinguish one from the other it takes the fun out of it,Overall it's a fun game and if you never played the original xcom and want to know what the game is like without the outdated graphics then this game is for you"
,Recommended,223830,10817376,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,failcopterwes,"I've only played about 15 hours of this so far, and I can safely say that this is, quite simply, one of the best turn based strategy games I've ever played. It's complicated, it's both epic in scope and self contained at the same time, and best of all, it expects you to just man up and deal with it when things go wrong.Essentially, its a straight remake of the 1990's original X-COM: UFO Defence (Or UFO: Enemy Unknown as it was known over here), but with the setting transposed and a few extra features added, such as the ability to airstrike crashes you don't want clear personally, which gets you money and saves time, but you don't get many resources or much soldier experience from it. Also added is a completely new interception system. Once your planes get in range you can direct them as they fly about in the air, until eventually they run out of fuel, ammunition, or everything crashes. It's all pretty awesome.The best part of it though is undoubtedly the vehicles. Unlike the recent XCOM: Enemy Unknown,  your transports can fit a small vehicle such as an armoured car into their loading bay instead of two soldiers. Once researched and built, these give your forces an undeniable edge as they suppress, expose or just otherwise blow the hell out of most of the enemies you encounter, with the tradeoff of limited ammunition and easily destroyed armour at close range.The only downsides I can really think of are a) the map shortage, although apparently there's a downloadable map pack that adds a load of new ones. It hasn't bothered me too much, but it's noticeable and b) you can't turn the camera, so occasionally the isometric veiwpoint obscures things a tad. But these are only minor things.Just get the damn thing already."
76561198048498273,Recommended,223830,10819179,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,SonofaGlitch,"Xenonauts . . .I'm not one who usually supports this new-fangled ""early access"" gaming craze. Usually. Xenonauts is one of my few exceptions.It's exactly what it claims to be - A complete remake of the original UFO: Enemy Unknown, but with a unique Cold War motif, different aliens, vastly improved graphics (compared to a game from 1994, that's to be expected) and an array of new features and tweaks that make the whole experience feel better and play far more smoothly. What itisn'tis a streamlined reboot, ala Firaxis' recent XCOM: Enemy Unknown/Within. For better and for worse, this is far more faithful to the original game (read: it's a lot harder to win, and learn how to play the game initially).That's what I wanted, and that's what I got. I couldn't be more pleased, and if this is what you're looking for, then I highly recommend that you stop reading and pick this game up IMMEDIATELY.That said, there are a few things keeping this from being 100% perfect.First, the game just needs a bit more . . . pizazz, for lack of a better word. It lacks an animated intro, a big missing feature compared to either the original UFO or the more recent XCOM. I know most wouldn't consider this a critical thing, but there was always something to booting up UFO and watching the Rob Liefield soldiers jump around firing mini-guns at fist shaking mutons that put you in the mood to do the same on the battlescape, and it's sorely missed when booting up Xenonauts. Obviously something fitting the darker style of 'Nauts would be needed rather than that silliness, but jumping straight into the title menu from the launcher just feels a bit jarring. Plus, one thing the new XCOM definitely nailed was giving the soldiers a lot of personality via little quips and callouts - considering this is a text focused game, it seems like a relatively simple thing that could have been/be added to make battles have just that extra little bit of character that would keep this up with Firaxis' bigger budget reboot.Additionally, this game couldreallyuse a tutorial mission or two for first-time players. While these players are obviously not the target demographic (that's fans of the original UFO like myself), the fact that there'snothingmakes the transition from UFO neophyte to veteran that much harder. It makes it a bit tougher to recommend to anyone unfamiliar with at least turn-based tactics games and UFO/XCOM in particular. For those in this group that are tempted by the game, I still think you should give this game a shot, just know that you're going to have to have more patience to learn how to play this game than most.After that though, this game is pretty much perfect as far as having an endlessly replayable Military versus Aliens Tactics and Strategy game. Enjoy, and keep watching those skies fellow Xenonauts!"
76561198019588089,Recommended,223830,10819224,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,viersee,Awesome 'original X-COM' remake. Must-buy if you're a fan of oldskool turn based strategy!
76561197995285664,Recommended,223830,13539950,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,RadarX,"I'm an old school X-Com player (even the ones we don't like to acknowledge were made...) so looking at this I was super hopeful and for the most part I haven't been disappointed.  This isn't the streamlined experience you'll see with the current X-Com series and has a greater strategic depth and deeper RPG experience.The graphics are obviously not AAA, but the game makes up for it with a more extensive research, base management, and equipment system (seriously how has no X-Com ever had a riot shield?).  For less than $15 I'm more han happy with my purchase and could happily recommend it."
76561197980881113,Recommended,223830,13177108,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,puppieshatecapitalism,Game of the year 2014.
76561198056548919,Recommended,223830,25456681,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Scott the Rawk,"1st I am an avid fan of xcom.  I'm no ironman impossible but I do love iron man classic.  Xenonauts is a very classy, deeper version of that game.  It doesn't have the 3d rendering of xcom, but in exchange it has greater control of every aspect of gameplay.  3 thumbs up!"
76561198030457472,Recommended,223830,26236895,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,scoot-1224,"This game is wonderful in all the ways that the classic xcom is. It is improved in everyway, the graphics are great. the game mechanics are wonderful and lots of micro managment style features that are a game in and of themselves. Aaaand then there is the BS. Like xcom you will miss impossible easy shots. drop grenades  and have collateral damage. This game magnifys thats by five times and thats being conservative. I am a veteran of the xcom franshise and have played hundreds of hours of both of these games. I am playing on easy (ironman mode) but still easy and I cannot even play the game because it feels like i am playing against a eight year old with god powers. ""nah you miss and hit a civilian, ohh is your friend throwing a grenade at me woops you dropped it and exploded half your squad"" ok now you panic and your friend goes bonkers and shoot into the rest of your squad. ok now my turn"".   I do love this game but it is not for the faint of heart and i wish they would just make it fairPs. the doors on the ship always auto close at the end of the aliens turns. so you end up getting shot and to return fire you have to blast through doors. Makes it so much harder"
76561198006360780,Recommended,223830,25917284,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,tunnel_the_rat,"X-COM lite, but fll of cheesy humour for those who liked the old X-COM. Plenty of face-palm moments too.In short, if you liked the old X-COms (Apocalypse and Enemy unknown etc), you'll love this one.Reccomended."
,Recommended,223830,18370961,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Llamalander,"Xenonauts is an unfortunately overlooked and underrated game. It's a great tribute to the original X-COM, and also does a great job of incorating new mechanics. It's frustrating at times and (depending on the difficulty) is absolutely unforgiving. Xenonauts is a great RTS with turn-based combat that I heartily recommend!"
,Recommended,223830,18252399,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Epic Sausage,This game is a fantastic homage to the original XCOM. Idie and old-school in its delivery it still holds the fantastic mechanics that make this type of game so good.
76561198144593917,Recommended,223830,18842577,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,mikesanerd,"Xenonauts does a great job of hitting that sweet spot where they've managed to significantly improve upon the original XCom games without losing the essential essence of them.They clean up and improve the UI substantially, giving you data you didn't have in the 90s like hit probabilities. They revamp and scrub the game's economy, eliminating some of the easier ways to get money, forcing you to rely much more on maintaining good relationships with world governments. They revamp the research tree, making the progression of technologies more sensible and less vulnerable to work-arounds. They tweak the combat system, adding new weapon and equipment types so that much more strategy has to go into your soldiers' layouts.Even with all these changes, this is the game I loved back in the day--or maybe better yet, it's the game I never even dreamed XCom could have been. Anyone who liked the original XCom should definitely try this game. Younger gamers who don't remember the original may find this game too challenging or not flashy enough, but strategy enthusiasts should give this game a try as well."
76561197963109129,Recommended,223830,18997319,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,.50 Calibre Killer,"This Game is pure awesome.Though it does take a bit of learning, it is worth every second spent playing it.I can't wait for a sequal !"
,Recommended,223830,16135004,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,SAYKO_SKULL,Worst thing about this game is you can't stop playing it.
,Recommended,223830,13143433,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Madich,"A great game for fans of XCOM as it based off of the same source meterial. It's much harder though, and a little more unforgiving. Fans of pain will like this game."
,Recommended,223830,13147063,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,PLAYERUNKNOWN'S BUTTHOLEGROUND,"Is a simulator of how the world would react to an alien invasion during the Cold War. However, it did not say that it would also be a timeline where every being is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ and can't aim a gun right. 10/10 Great Alternate Timeline."
76561197970467502,Recommended,223830,13241505,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,2000AD,"It's pretty much old school X-COM with updated graphics, UI, general quality of life improvements and other stuff. If you prefer the old X-COMs compared to the new XCOM then this is a solid enough update to remove some of the problems of X-COM due to it being so old."
76561198032644538,Recommended,223830,10305813,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,WaterWolf11,"you like Xcom? you dont like the 2 movements of Xcom 2012! this is the game for you! create a patton of hover tanks, use explosives dropped by jet packers! But the worst enemy in every Xcom game is in the game and works! ITs... Not flying little drones that suspress the crap out of everything But Chysallids!"
76561198009265599,Recommended,223830,10308902,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Harkonnen,"Fantastic game. Lives up to its spiritual father and gives you hours of fun. Honestly do recommend it now all the bugs are ironed out and the story itself is into the game.Fantastic game, highly recommend :)"
76561198015737442,Recommended,223830,10334693,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Juicer,Brilliant recreation of the old classic. Well worth it.
76561198086574314,Recommended,223830,10141985,"Posted: 16 May, 2014",all,NoodleyOne,"So good.  Very reminiscent of the old xcom game, but in many ways actually improves it.  Now it's almost perfectly playable.  It's worth a buy."
,Recommended,223830,10323197,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,thivaz,"It has a gameplay as deep as Firaxis´s XCOM has eyecandy and cinematic feel.The tactic aerial battles are very fun, as is the tactical ground combat."
76561197986097430,Recommended,223830,8083230,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,A_L_Ron,So far so good.Very similar to the original XCOM UFO game
76561197973206553,Recommended,223830,9719455,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,patweb01,"Ok, so I bought the game about 1 year ago. It was in 'early release'. Played it through a couple of times, it's a good game. I wish at some time they would call it done though... Anyways. I wrote the below bad stuff.I replayed the game all the way through, on easy. I lost before getting plasma stuff. Lol (still can't figure out how to support more than one base). I did see some new aliens, and a lot of technologies. The descriptions are filled in where they were once missing. There are a lot of tweaks, visually. The game is basiclly the same game, with new aliens, and a little prettier than it was 12 months ago. It crashed a few times, but I save often. :)I'll probably play it again, and maybe again if they ever finish the game!(please)_________________________I'm RECANTING (taking back) this review.  I started up the game for once in 6 months or so, and it is significantly different now.  I am replaying it to evaluate further.___________________Xeno has been an early access game for about 1 year now.  Complete turnoff for early access games.  Unfortunately, EA gives developers the opportunity to secure a cashflow, and not complete the product if enough people don't buy in.It's been one year, and I've seen very little development on the game."
76561198037005127,Recommended,223830,10436541,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Kidjal,Played for 3 hours and encounter a bug that crash the game (deactivating and activating the gatling gun during manual dogfight against single alien fighter craft). (Game version 1.04)Overall a great and addicting game!A must buy for any turn based strategy/UFO series fans!8/10
76561198054715038,Recommended,223830,10986944,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Itsalive365 *-Certified G-*,"if you liked the old xcom games, you'll like this. if you liked 2012's xcom game but thought it was too simple at times this is also for you. if you don't like xcom you will not like this."
76561197970510982,Recommended,223830,11094202,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,SeXuAL LooGiE,"I LOVE ITi really enjoy most xcom clones, but this one takes the cake.. very similar to the original, while actually improving some aspects like air battles and such! Ironman mode is the only way to go. and I love that this option exists. every game needs it!"
76561198014524130,Recommended,223830,11097304,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Jimmy Goat,10/10 turn based strategy game
76561198000688902,Recommended,223830,10973764,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Wabbit,If you loved Xcom terror from the deep and UFO you will like this.
76561197970712007,Recommended,223830,10981060,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,J!MM!L!C!OUS,"The first game I've played that captures that strategy and tactics of the original Xcom, sharpening the GFX whilst losing none of the flavour.A real must for any serious strategy fans, tabletop wargamers, or folks ready to move on from Firaxis' latest offering.Verdict:Boom shakalacka"
76561198029906603,Recommended,223830,10966327,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,monkbel,This is really good remake of UFO: Enemy Unknown. Much more detailed then other recent remakes. Recommended
,Recommended,223830,12874645,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Blazed,"Let's see, how to explain the awesome that is this this xcom knock off (Yes, it's a knock off, but a GOOD one!). If you liked Enemy Unknown and never played an XCOM game in the past, this might not be for you. If you DID play the old XCOMs and liked them, this is for you. Comparing this to Enemy Uknown, it takes away the watered down feel and brings back all the management complicity that made the older XCOM titles awesome. Don't get me wrong I loved Enemy Unknown, but whereas EU is more focused on action and less on micromanagement of your orginization, Xenonauts basically brings back the full spectrum management feel. Right down to the base building, research, combat, interceptions, etc. It just feels more robust than EU and more like the old XCOMs I loved. Thats my take on it anyway. IMO worth the buy and a good SP time killing machine."
76561198002124711,Recommended,223830,12616993,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,SundiataWTF,"Magnificent game! I actually dreamt about breaching an alien scout craft at night... it was an actual nightmare. That's how intense the game can be. The graphics are nothing like the cinematic quality of the XCOM remake, but that's fine, you don't lose anything in immersion because the missions are so much harder.I'm definitely glad I signed up with the Xenonauts!"
76561198037910607,Recommended,223830,12829600,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Lewis,Its like the good old XCOM-UFO DEFENSE days... But better in every way.
76561198006598172,Recommended,223830,12834641,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Roguetrader,"A great game that really compliments the x-com series of games, your truly able to spend hours and hours trying to master the perfect way to win the game"
76561197993611798,Recommended,223830,12891340,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,mohawk_819,"best remake of XCOM, bottom line,  you enjoyed the original sid meiers one ? youll enjoy this, great game  ( i have played over 11 remakes of xcom this is top of the line )"
,Recommended,223830,12879284,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Tyyr,"It's all the X-Com you can legally have before getting in trouble with the people who actually own X-Com. I love the X-Com reboot. Between my PC and my phone I've spent probably about 80 hours on it, but it's not the original. This is. Old school tactical turn based strategy at its finest. No mercy, just you and RNGesus."
76561198004316343,Recommended,223830,12981521,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,Mortifus7,"With a very retro feel, this game captures the degrees of intricacy and micomanagement that Firaxis didn't with their IP reboot of XCOM. The ability to tactically place troops, installations and worry about security, radar coverage and individual loadouts adds a dimension to this game that is really a callback to the core gameplay of the older UFO games. Overall, a fun play for those of you who enjoy a retro spin on things."
,Recommended,223830,13402120,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Yaruku,This makes 2K's Xcom looks just like a simple Xcom-like game.
,Recommended,223830,15211391,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,TheNumbers,"Fought through the invasion to the end.  My squads fought bravely, but yet even Tank-Comrade fell before the Reaper swarms.  Far more challenging than what people claim.Good luck, Commander."
76561198040560627,Recommended,223830,14909430,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Hvapsen,"UFO Old Classic, niiiice...!Graphic might be 'old style' but the gameplay is there, all the way, a new classic.This game shows, you dont need to be pretty in order to be nice.(Except my brother, his both ugly and not very nice) :P"
76561198018603011,Recommended,223830,19623548,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Xistance,"This game is an amazing spiritual successor to Xcom, the best yet!!! I have only 2 complains about this game: Firstly you cant just create your own access points by blowing holes in the sides of crashed UFOs which I thought was a really cool feature of the original, that people have tried to do reletively unsucesfully with mods in this.Secondly your ability to deploy psychic troops later game in teh original xcom was not brought over to this game. Frustratingly not only are you unable to develop and use psychic troops in this game but you have absolutely no defense against psychic attacks from the aliens. I beleive that having the ability to create psychic DEFENSE training facilitys for your troops in this game would of been a good compromise.Many aspects of the original Xcom have actually been improved in this game.... mainly the arial combat, which now allows you to deploy multiple interceptors at once against the alien UFO and tackle it in what is a really fun mini game. I'm incredibly excited for Xenonaughts 2 because this one was 'almost' the game I'd been waiting for all my life, so roll on Xenonaughts 2!!!!!!!! Many many fans of the original Xcom will defo share my excitement"
76561197976311109,Recommended,223830,19622780,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,thriller,Call back to XCOM.  Updated but yet the same.  Great game.  End is tough.
,Recommended,223830,13721496,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Vlad The Terrible ☭,"Let's compare this to X-COM: Enemy unknown:Enemy Unknown is for people who like their life to be more spontaneous, graphic, even if somewhat unrealistic (the traits tree).Xenonauts is for the people who would say ""That's not realistic"". Fine then, this game really does a better job of you taking control of everything, even if it's far less fun. War isn't fun, and your 8-person squad being killed in the space of 3 turns isn't either"
,Recommended,223830,19663578,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,CombatWombat,It's what you've been looking for
,Recommended,223830,19704959,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,HumbleSapien,"This. Game. Is. Fantastic!! I have played both the Xcom: Enemy Unknown and Xenonauts games. Without a doubt Xenonauts is even better i would say. The developers did far more with far less. I will recommend Xenonauts to any and everyone who loves strategy. I still can't beat the game (not that i am any good or anything) but i have 162 hours in so far and literally in ironman mode i keep getting my whole squad just brutally massacred with all my equipment and dropship completely lost. 10/10 for this game. This will really test your mettle. Especially in ironman mode when you are forced to live with every decision, and every casualty.Here is how a typical game goes for me, i start out kicking♥♥♥♥♥in the beginning, i invest a lot in labs and workshops so i can get new tech quickly. Then i run into a city battle with reapers, which is a brutal fight for simple survival. I often find myself just scrambling to get a couple of my guys out alive so i don't lose all their precious reverse engineered equipment. Chaos and blood shed under fire and brimstone at it's finest in turn based combat. All things in the map are destructable. So dont be surprised to end a mission with all the buildings destroyed, fire, blood and bodies of all walks of galactic life strewn across the killing fields. It's an amazing feeling to have half your squad just barely eek by with some luck and return home with horror stories of how brutal of a massacre it turned out to be. Don't be surprised if you end up saying to yourself, ""we lost a lot of very good men out there."" because chances are, you will lose a lot of very good men out there. If you are trying to decide between Xcom or Xenonauts, i will say save the money cause Xenonauts is cheaper and even still better. It plays better, it feels better. It's fun, and it will always be fun. Definately one of my all time favorite games. HIGHLY recommend. I repeat. HIGHLY recommend."
,Recommended,223830,19757151,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,jubyrubys,"Not a bad game overall.  Very similar to X-COM UFO Defense but graphics are better.  The technology treee is good too.  Some issues I have:--No way to judge or measure psionic power or resistance.  My bravest soldiers become alienized no matter what I do.--Unable to shoot weapons when in airborne levitating suits.  Very frustrating.--Program tends to lock up when using alien transporter and alien shoots you at the same time.  Happened every time.--No ability to downgrade weapons for base defense.  Not sure about this one.--Weapon aiming system for soilders could be tweeked.  Tend to miss targets at very close range.--Money is very hard to come by.  It costs more money to make something than the selling price.  At least in X-COM, Icould make something for 15000 and sell it for 20000.  Not so in Xenonauts .--More emphasis on soilders would be nice.  Building thier abilites and skills could be better.--Better armour on vehicles.--Better armour or at least more choices for soilder armour.--More single random alien attacks would be nice instead of a barrage of 10 alien ships attacking globally at once.--Battle sites need more randomizing.  All battles seem the same after a while.  For example, why not have a crashedalien ship with only 1 alien alive.--Allow more Xenonaut soldiers in a battle.  I think the limit is 10?  Not sure about this one.I only have have 150 hours so playing the game.  I haven't read the rule book so I may have missed a few things or made some errors with my analysis shown above.  I managed to get to the end game but did not defeat the Master Preator or whateve it's called (at least not yet).  This was my third try after the first two attempts failed (mostly due to lack of money).  This was also done using the the ""easy"" setting.  It wasn't very easy.Overall, a good game that I recommend for those who like strategy games.  I think with some fine tuning, this game could rival the original X-COM in popularity and playability.  I give it a 7 out of 10 rating."
,Recommended,223830,19372828,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,ATR,"*Land at terror site*Position team in good firing lines in cover*Fight through rediculously tough waves of Sebillians*Sweep map and eventually corner remaining aliens*Reaper-Alpha appears and reduces your team to a bunch of drooling drones*Poo pantsX-COM, with teeth."
,Recommended,223830,8849233,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,!VSE! BearerofBlades,"I've been with this one for a while and I've played through most of the game. This definatly has that nostalgia feel. Growing up with X-Com games, recent remakes have been kind of a dissapoint to me. This game completely restored my faith in X-Com successors. I definatly recommend this game if you want that classic feel."
76561198022915842,Recommended,223830,19362651,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Xkrytr,awesome game! if you like ufo defend this is the game to go.
76561198066268034,Recommended,223830,19118911,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Calvinic,"Pros:1.) Interesting and detailed cold-war era story/setting showing a believable struggle against a force that humanity barely understands.2.) Every unit matters, losing soldiers, espically veterans, and vehicles is punishing.3.) Nicely done tech progression system. You have reason/incentive for wanting to upgrade.4.) Combat is balenced in such a way that while you have a chance to win. You're still the underdog. You have to rely more on strategy than muscle to win against the aliens.5.)Varied alien types.6.) Balenced out base building system. You can't spam several bases/buildings at one time and expect to win. They cost a lot of funding/time to make. So you have to balence expansion with needed supply.Cons:1.) Dogfights could use more fleshing out in terms of gameplay. Feels too simple for my taste.2.) Night missions don't really have much point to me. It just a way for your troops to get slaughtered.+/-1.) Game is really forgiving on easier difficulties, often making the game very repetitive. The expierence doesn't truly shine till veteran or insane with iron man is on."
76561198059338083,Recommended,223830,19157427,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,kaimeng191,HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!
76561198040682830,Recommended,223830,19238369,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,sir.jano,"Best XCOM ""copy"" ever. Can play many many times and community workshop makes more content."
76561198000574093,Recommended,223830,19126288,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Trippingghost,"a better, more complete xcom that has all the options you wish the origional xcom would have"
76561198028098968,Recommended,223830,19208299,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,jerome_paul,On verteran this game is hard.  I reloaded so many times and it was a tough run to the end but it's also a great game.I highly recomend this for fans of UFO enemy unknown.  Well worth it.
76561198008534531,Recommended,223830,19356799,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,zonemagorgo,"Play it with the money and weapons mods because it makes the game fair on your end. The money mod makes sense so I didn't feel any gamer guilt using it. If the world was under alien invasion I am pretty sure every goverment would scrap the idea of money and just use whatever resources Earth had to defend it....not charge those responsible defending for a garage and such. The weapons mods do give you a good advantage in a ways but still those aliens will one shot you, through a wall or just walk right up to your units and MURDER all of them. You will miss just about every shot and each alien takes about three to four rounds but with the weapons mods it gives you a chance. The air combat is great and hope XCOM 2 has something along the lines. Overall it is a great game, has that looming atmosphere of the unknown, great music, the art is good (especially in the alien autopsies and weapon/gear descriptions) besides the character models. They could have done a bit more because your soldiers look extremely plain and paper cut outs. The micromanagement of your bases and world events is pretty awesome too. I suggest this game if you liked XCOM games in anyway. Just use the mods, my first ten hours of this game were without them and I was so hopelessly frustrated."
,Recommended,223830,19374895,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,aboxof9kittens,"i really enjoy this game, many hours already and many more to go. the only thing that i would advise is getting the community version and get certain mods to make the experience better. different map pack and lore/ bio of the aliens."
76561198006625545,Recommended,223830,10980068,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,STE,Great Xcom revival Game :) it plays and feels like the old XCOM Games. So far the best atempt to refine and build up on the old Games while adding new and interesting features. It never crashed nor had i experienced any major bugs while playing it.  I enjoyed every minute of my 40 hour playthrough- Games worth every penny
76561198021671754,Recommended,223830,12785800,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Antis,"If you like X-Com series you will love this game. X-com Enemy unknown divides soldiers actions into 2 parts in each turn, but Xenonauts further break down the actions into action points and you can use the action points to do various stuffs: take cover, quick shot, aimed shot, move, throw grenade, etc.The art of this game is not the greatest, the sound is not the greatest. Actually you will find these are all very basic but the game mechanics are quite deep and can really make you think when you place your soldiers and to make choice on splitting your solders into different teams, etc. It is the gameplay that wins my heart."
76561197990856045,Recommended,223830,13463752,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Hep C is BAD!,8 rookies entered a crashed UFO... No one left. Keep on playing!
76561198003454835,Recommended,223830,13347012,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,impiribl,not bad
76561197962002224,Recommended,223830,13485175,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Lord_Rion,This game is the orignal X-COM on steroids.. it's much more complex. Which can be both good and bad. The learning curve is a but steaper and some things aren't as well polished.. but all in all it's a good game.
,Recommended,223830,13496398,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Dead_videos,"Holy crap, this game, smells and looks like the original X-com, but it looks like the original X-com we remember playing with our rose tinted glasses of the past, in laymans terms, that means that the original game didn't look as good as this, but  we'd like to think it did.Couple this with mod support and the outstanding community edition that is available through steam, and this game is a winner winner, chicken dinner.You can play through this game however you want to, do you brink a vehicle or two extra xeonauts? do you bring heavy or light guns? just grenades? pretty much any strategy works on the battlefield if your patient enough to make it work. most games these days hold your hand, this one will help you at the start but just like a parent teaching their child to ride a bike you'll soon notice those hands on your back are gone, how long have they been gone? you don't know because this game is easy to learn, but very hard to master.There will be times when this game will make you want to rage quit, thats normal, thats called building a connection with your troops and then some alien ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ with his plasma power sniper rifle gets a lucky shot and blow out their head/chest cavity with a bolt of plasma, thats what happens when your going up against superior tech. Your only way to win is to get tactical.Although iron man mode isn't the only way to play this game, its singleplayer you play however you want to play, want to load a save game everytime something goes wrong? you can do, its called learning. my first playthrough was somewhat like that, i took my fair share of losses, and even with repeated reloading, the game was still very challenging. My second playthrough is shaping up to be a much tougher, and rougher challenge without the reloading. And if i can justify giving this game another run through you can justify playing it if you have any love of tactical games. ( especially if it is on sale like it is right now!)"
76561198061420707,Recommended,223830,13499166,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,luke.marc,"This game is not fair.Let's get that out of the way right off the bat. If you're looking for something you can play well and have no chance of failing horribly, this is not it. One bad mission, one stroke of bad luck, can send you spinning down the path to destruction.However, there are a great many selling points that keep me coming back to this game; while it isn't fair, if you accept that you will have a good time. This game forces you to think. There will be many times when you will think, ""oh, there's probably no aliens there; I can afford to rush or leave it unguarded"". Well, if you think that, stop yourself. Mistakes are not dealt with lightly in this game, and rushing is not a luxury you can often take.  Likewise, always have a contingency plan for when you miss. No - scratch that- have three. Because if you leave your team in the hands of someone with a shotgun, and that Andron manages to survive those shots, you just lost a valuable team member, if not two. Leave enough time for your rifleman to pop around the corner and finish him off, or else you will cry. Remember - 70% chance to hit is just an optimistic way to say 30% chance to miss. This game does not like impatience.But it's just so *satisfying*! Blowing your first corvette out of the sky, capturing that first xeno, and clearing out every last alien crash site feels great. And you get the satisfaction of knowing you did it right. Plus this game has all of the options you can possibly want in terms of ground battles. It all works just as you'd expect, and the customization in loadouts along with the options you have in ground battles in terms of strategy makes the game very compelling, and keeps me coming back every time I get frustrated. In the end, no, it's not fair, but there's always something you can do to even the odds, and it all depends on just how much time you're willing to take."
76561197961668598,Recommended,223830,13499492,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Commander_Data,If you like X-com you will love this game!
,Recommended,223830,13500869,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Deptacon,"--Best XCOM Game Ever--This is a remake of the oringinal XCOM game. Not the same name as it was done with seperate developers without the rights. Their goal was to stay true to the original...and they did an amazing job. It cleans up the old game with new graphics, interface, and engine but keeps the mechanics intact.I highly recommend this game to any XCOM fan, especially those that would still play the original from time to time even 15-20 years later."
76561197989406149,Recommended,223830,13367946,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Dimitri_Harkov,"Finally a true successor to the original X-Com game!It's challenging, quite bug free, has an original cold war setting, humour, replayability, it's modable...And above all: It's just a lot of fun to play :)I can only recommend it.I only regret that I bought it on sale - the developers would have deserved the full price.Cheers,D."
76561197999524225,Recommended,223830,13372951,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Oder,"This game is just as frustrating as it is good. It's hard, it's buggy, it's capricious. But it's still the best turn based game you would ever play today."
76561198031142127,Recommended,223830,14201500,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,BigB848,"I love games that have a broad enough plot to allow the players imagination to develop the missing links. This game has a hint of a tower defense type game, with the style and strategy of games like Wasteland 2 and Final Fantasy Tactics. Combine that with an alien invasion and you've got Xenonauts. Really enjoyed the game overall."
76561198007590820,Recommended,223830,14182912,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,SPOTTSWOODE,"I mostly play multiplayer games, but when ever I feel like relaxing or playing something tactical and turn based, I must say... nothing beats Xenonauts.Xenonauts really brought back the old X-com feeling when I were just a kid, they did something different thou, they made Xenonauts play out in the 70's and thats fine by me. It makes the game unique. If you compare the old X-COM and Xenonauts with the new X-COM, you will find the mechanics play differently.In the old one, every obstacle has a hit percentage for your fired projectile to pass and same go's for your target. Everything gets checked first if it's a hit or miss. Where in the new X-COM you get one check and everything inbetween don't make a dang difference to cover except height.In my opinion, I prefer the old system, it's more realistic and practical. Xenonauts kicks the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of all the other titles in the tactical turn based genre and there's nothing more fun than running a tactical group and building them up in experience. Every death really means something in your game, cause you're gonna feel it the moment you hit the later parts in the game.I wrote a basic review on why I really prefer Xenonauts above the new X-COM, and it should show you the main difference between the two. There's many reviews outthere going into detail.Thanks for reading."
76561198035983966,Recommended,223830,14196997,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,R4yWalk3r,"After finally finishing a Veteran Ironman game I can say that I enjoyed what I experienced.The game has a faster feel than the original xcom and has nice touches such as destroying enough of a buildings integrity to bring the whole thing down instead of having a floating second floor.The xenopedia deserves mention and with the addition of the Lore + mod makes the game feel atmospheric and one can really get into the the whole invasion.Ground combat is enjoyable and challenging. Once enough technology is developed, one can tailor tactics to counter the aliens on ones own terms and the feeling of desparation has a glimmer of hope.Although the game is very air focused it can be auto-resolved most of the time if the right planes with loadouts are sent to the right ufos. If one can maintian air dominance then the game loses it's edge a bit, however in my playthroughs if air dominance is not established your going to have a bad day with the aliens running rampant and ruining your income with your funding nations.Speaking of which, the funding nations are the lifeblood of your operations and only by defending them and successful airstrikes can one kept the pressure on the xenos without breaking the bank.I had the occasional crashes and bugs, but I wont fault the game to harshly on that as it is always being looked at and patches and fixes are fairly regularly updated.Overall, I recommend this game to anyone looking for a turn-based strategy that is challenging and at times unforgiving (early terror missions) and is more concerned with gameplay than graphics.And a special mention to mods as there is a good community and it can add to the life to the game."
,Recommended,223830,15479112,"Posted: 21 April, 2015",all,Troika,"If you played XCOM: Enemy Unknown, buy it now!"
,Recommended,223830,15424051,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Ikrani,"This is what I think X-COM Enemy Unknown should've been like: a balanced turn-based-strategy game that rewards your intelligence and punishes your mistakes, and ONLY your mistakes. It's challenging without finding the need to cheat.The gameplay is almost exactly like Enemy Unknown. But the few differences that are there make the game a lot more fun and a lot less frustrating. For starters, enemies no longer get a free move when you spot them, evening out the playing field. Their advantage instead comes from other abilities they have, such as regenerating damage, teleporting, flight, and psychic attacks (the latter of which has cost me more than one mission). These make them hard, but unlike X-COM where I found the game boiled down to ""shoot them until they died"", this game instead forces me to prioritize targets based on potential threat from things other than how big the aliens are and how big are the guns they're carrying. Each enemy unit merits a different approach, as it should.Your soldiers don't get specialized abilities like they do in Enemy Unknown, but they're no longer arbitrarily placed into categories by whatever confusing algorithm turned all of my soldiers in to snipers and nothing else. Their effectiveness in combat boils down to what equipment you arm them with vs. how well suited they are for that type of combat according to their stats.The air-to-air combat is FAR superior here than Enemy Unknown. There's an actual strategy element to it not that gives you more direct control of combat, allowing you to snatch victory from a 96% chance of defeat with some creative flight control and use of weapons.The world map is also much improved. Rather than build satellites to watch over whole continents, you instead build bases at points where you can cover the most land with your limited radar. And aliens can always attack your bases, setting you back and possibly costing you the game if they're not properly defended. The limited space you have to build aircraft will more often than not force you to guess which ships pose more of a threat than others, until later in the game when you can build an intel array to spell it out for you.Eventually, your equipment will outmatch that of the aliens', but said equipment is costly and takes far more time than is practical to build. What makes this and pretty much every other step forward in Xenonauts work, though, is that your triumphs only come after numerous successful missions and God knows how many soldiers lost to the enemy.And, lastly, f**k those f**king Reapers."
,Recommended,223830,15424197,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Mason,"I would consider this game much better than the new xcom. Very tactical, the actual battles do get a bit repetitive, but after playing this, I couldn't play the new xcom, it just seems 'non-tactical' when compared to xenonauts."
,Recommended,223830,14638481,"Posted: 24 February, 2015",all,StrayWolf,"If you're a fan of the old classic X-COM series...do yourself a favor and download this game. In essence, its almost identical but with updated graphics and mechanics.Definitely a fun game!"
76561197970748816,Recommended,223830,15182808,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,[G.A.Y] Mr Sykes,Love this game. I play this even more than the new XCOM due to how much it is like the classic x-com series.
76561197961891130,Recommended,223830,23599374,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Blakken/Shubah,I have now been playng this game in access of over 3 hours and still feel I have only scratched the surface.The game is simple and quickly takes you back to the old X-Com games without making it too complicated and advanced.My only negative comment would be that I woudl wish for an alittle more options and tutuorial during combat. Otherwise a really good game! <3
76561198014103119,Recommended,223830,23718192,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,kennethsw,Just found this on steam recently. Enjoying it very much. Challenging game but plenty of mods available to help. ' or make it even more of a challenge '  Looks like I should get lots of hours out of this game.
76561197982872523,Recommended,223830,24005981,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,_sjc_,This is X Com with poor graphics but i cannot give this a thumbs down.  This game is why I buy Indi games.
,Recommended,223830,23939223,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Grimitsu,"""X-COM: UFO Defense""Truesuccessor.Would shoot off ayy's again/10"
76561198091380137,Recommended,223830,23928492,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Pvt. Daniel Jackson,"Launched a mission with 10 soldiers.*Encounter a wild alien that one shot melee any of your soldiers*Lost 9 soldiers, last one is traumatized.11/10 would get traumatized again."
,Recommended,223830,24172102,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Xealot,"This game is wonderful if you prefer X-COM over XCOM, but with Xenonauts 2 nearing release it's hard to recommend this game to any fans of the original. Xenonauts 2 might not fill the niche it needs to, however, so keep an eye on this one."
76561198004137313,Recommended,223830,23015374,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Barash,The very first X-Com revisited: I love it!Worth every Euro I spend on it.
76561197972483399,Recommended,223830,22874445,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Hamburger!,"Worthy Spiritual Successor to the Original Xcom games. I've played the old ones, I've played the new ones, I've played a lot of the clones in between. Doesn't bring much more to the table than the original Xcom -- but the Original Xcom has not stood the test of time and I played this happily to get that old romance with the first game back. On high difficulty the game does not pull punches -- and I'm not talking ""you're going to lose soldiers"" -- I mean ""If you do not prioritize technology well or constantly keep up an arms race for dominance in the Air AND in ground missions, the game is going to let you lose. It's easy to lose 3 countries to the aliens if you are not looking at the big picture and lose the game. Overall recommended, though I say doubly to download the community mod for the game -- it adds content (with regard in particular to alien troop stratification) and otherwise makes it more enjoyable. DOWNLOAD THE COMMUNITY MOD FROM WORKSHOP BEFORE YOU PLAY, SAVES WILL NOT TRANSLATE."
76561198008113285,Recommended,223830,22137783,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,LordHH |LMC|,Loved it
,Recommended,223830,15880257,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,Renesco,"Huge fan of xcom, tftd, apocalypse, new x-com, silent storm etc. but I can't like this game at all, it's fun for a while but it's made hard by hindering you, the player, as much as possible - instead of a properly challenging game you have a pile of frustration where you're constantly held back.Edit: Changing my review to positive because I needed to git gudNow that I've got gud I can see the error of my ways"
76561198104498085,Recommended,223830,24147570,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Crispynugget,old school X-Com. amazing.
,Recommended,223830,24129979,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,stalker.michele,"wooow, if you like turn based games this is a must!"
,Recommended,223830,28678825,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,SlightEye,"The goodXenonauts atcheaves what it set out to do: To be a spiritual succsessor to the first Xcom game.It has improved in some aspects over the original Xcom:The aircraft combat is less random and more skill based with its up to 3 v 3 air battles where you actually get to controll          the positioning and weapon useage of your aircraft. As opposed to the original where it was mostly luck based wheter your interceptors hit and/or/did not get hit in an encounter.The art in the xenopedia/ufopedia is what I personally enjoied alot in both the original and Xenonauts.Combat shields are a great addition to the game.The modding scene is still active and people are givig their best to make the game better.The badFlatland!The geoscape is flat and radar ranges and distances make no geological sense because there is no consideration for map deformation. If you like globes you will not find any here.The ground combat sprites look plane, like they made some models in a 3d art program and animated them there. Then made a bunch of low resolution images of the models to make the art for the ground combat. The art there has no character at all unlike the original Xcom.Unlike the original Xcom you can not make your soldiers or aleans:Jump down from roofs.Throw anything besides granades and explosives.Wake up from being uncouncious.Get tired from running.Take kontroll of the minds of aleans or civilians.Get hit in specific body parts and and lose apropreat stats for being wounded.Difficult to make mods for:The game engine is at best a derelict wreck with no source. It reports no errors and just crashes when things go wrong. Wich makes finding bugs in your mods way more difficult than it has to be.Due  to the difficulitys in the games development the game is in numerous separate peaces of code that use different files for tha same things. For example the weapon stats in the xenopedia/ufopedia and inventory and ground combat calculations are all in different files. While making a new weapon for the game you have to mod all three of the files witch all have slightly different formats.ConclusionsA polished game it certainly is not. But for the price they are asking it has sertainly given me many houers of entertainmant. And many of its smaller flaws, exept the ones I mentioned, have been fixed by the modders. So if you are looking for something a bit more like the old Xcom yo might want to give this game a try. But if you are short on money you might want to save up for the seqel."
,Recommended,223830,10164622,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,twitch.tv/MysticFist_75,I loved playing X-com when i was younger and this game is really close to it. If you liked the old x-com you will definitly like Xenonauts.
,Recommended,223830,21340625,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,apollo,"Many many years ago i was a big fan of the first UFO:Enemy Unknown and its sequel Terror from the Deep. I loved these games and played them for weeks and months. Some time later i came across the inofficial ""sequels"", Aftermath, Afterlight and Aftershock...but didn´t get comfortable with them. The foot prints of their unequaled predecessor where too big. The graphics, the gameplay...it has not been what i want an UFO-title to be.The newly released XCOM and XCOM2 dont felt right for me too, so i gave the open sourced UFO:Alien Invasion (UFO:AI) a try but as well, thats not what i expected to seeBy accident i found Xenonauts on Steam and was very curious about it. After something about 6 hours of gameplay i only can recommend this title to anyone, who wants a modern version of the original series.For me, an UFO-title does not need to have fancy top-notch 3D graphics, its all about gameplay and story. And there, Xenonauts does very well. I feel comfortable from the first time the UI is started. The gameplay is very similar to the original series, geo- and battlescape usage is self explanatory and straight forward. You´ll get familiar with it within minutes. The graphics even add to the atmosphere, they are modernized but not for the sake of having the best 3d graphics out there...they just feel right the way they are.For a long time, Xenonauts is the first UFO-type game i´m playing that makes me sorry about every soldier i loose in a battle. Exactly that is what i wan´t a UFO-title to be. Great work!"
76561198007228964,Recommended,223830,27963382,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Omnissiah,"Real follower of original XCOM series. Without fancy cover it feels sometimes even better and deeper than rebooted AAA XCOM by Firaxis. Interesting and more complex research tree, air combat, economy&base management - this is just several pros for this good game. Thank you, devs!"
76561197997966222,Recommended,223830,1785650,"Posted: 29 June, 2013",all,Nova,its like the old xcom
,Recommended,223830,27658998,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Krombo,Xcom2 but also fun.
76561198039040694,Recommended,223830,28789944,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,kreia,I'm actually surprised at this little gem might not have xcom eu graphics but at least it doesn't feel like the typical duke nukem stocky American alpha♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥kicking doors clean off and not jus to look at an alien to make it expode
,Recommended,223830,28796038,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,ProperGhost,Cover works even if you aren't next to it. 10/10 better than XCOM confirmed
76561197978194640,Recommended,223830,28811664,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Predatorski,In the true spirit of the original Xcom from the 90's! A true epic! Can't wait for X2 to come out :)
76561198305959121,Recommended,223830,28535337,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Coolstuff2015usa,Loving it. Alien scum is gone. Playing Ironman mode RIP SGT. Bunny Lover
,Recommended,223830,28954217,Posted: 2 January,all,Pentara,"One of the best X-Com remakes out there, and I've tried them all. It works well, the feel is almost like the original albeit with newer graphics, if you are an X-COM fan I recommend this game. If you don't know what I'm talking about, but you enjoy strategy games of the 4X genre, research X-COM and this game as well and see what this game offers,"
76561198013089124,Recommended,223830,28855006,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Handsome Matt,"It's a stronger sequel to XCOM:UFO Defense than anything that came out until XCOM Enemy Unknown. In some regards it's even better than Enemy Unknown. The ambient soundtrack is awesome, and makes for an uneasy feeling throughout the missions. I felt the same sweaty-palmed nervousness that the first game gave me every time I entered a terror mission. I think I let out a long groan and a quiet ""damnit, I hate those things"" when the chrysalis equivalent (the reaper) walked on the screen. Definitely had the nostalgia points going.It's obvious that this game was put together with love and care. The reports and xenopedia entries have a certain authenticity and wittiness to them that surpasses the original XCOM. I also thought the bitmap-esque style drawings had a certain charm to them. Overall quite polished and professional.But it also has fairly tight gameplay with a surprisingly good storyline. I've noticed that recent kickstarted/indie games tend to do one or the other well. Everything feels as fleshed out as a good 80s action flick (Rocky IV or Red Dawn, in keeping with the Cold War theme). Just enough good bits to keep you playing. Which is necessary because this game is unforgiving. Expect to restart missions often, unless you're fine with all your best troops dying. It's nice to have to earn the win, but it did border on frustrating. Especially when the difficulty would seemingly spike at random times.It's not without flaws though. Probably a 3rd of the way through the game all of my crack troops all forgot how to shoot their weapons. It's annoying to go from nailing targets repeatedly across the battlefield to missing the alien standing right next to you multiple times in a row. I also found the funding to be difficult to manage, I seemed to spend a few million dollars in less than 24 hours without explanation. Only to then spend the remainder of the month limping by on a budget of $1000. There didn't seem to be any connection to what projects or buildings I authorized and how much money was spent. I also found the base screens to be surprisingly flat, for a game with this much care put into it; it was irksome to see the same quotes each time I clicked into the screen. At least randomize the ways my lead researcher would show his disdain for me interrupting him!The one major flaw I found in the game though was the handling of alien technology. It was either sold off or destroyed. Which would be find except it was made clear that humans couldn't use the technology. This lead to the question ""Then who was buying it?"" It also meant that I was constantly playing catch up in the engineering game. Not enough money, not enough resources, not enough fun. I agree that in the late stages of XCOM it was ridiculous to have 500+ heavy plasma weapons in storage, but it is equally ridiculous to throw that entire concept away.All of these are minor inconveniences that do nothing to detract from the game. Even if it wasn't on sale, this is worth a buy."
76561198049530632,Recommended,223830,29141895,Posted: 9 January,all,marktulip76,this game is better than the AAA vershion of xcom2. they kept the old time unit system and the game is un siplyfied unlike the new xcom games. more for the fans of the old  games.
,Recommended,223830,30021266,Posted: 18 February,all,Lokaror,"Xenonauts is exactly what i was looking for, a updated and generally better imo version of the old xcom games. The 1970's feel of the game is excellent and the game is extremly fun in all stage. Base building, squaid outfittign and build the aerial combat and of course ground missions. One thing is that the difficulty ramps up rather quick at a certain point and its hard to catch up if you fall behind. Of course that is the genre but rather frustrating all the same.Overall id rate it at 8/10 and reccomend a purchase"
76561198041298655,Recommended,223830,29553937,Posted: 28 January,all,martd78,"The original X-COM game in a modern setup made with modern technology simple as that..Wonder if the game is worth that much after seeing the graphics and some video, they don't make games like that anymore, with the huge scope and the enormous content not speaking of the unmatch level of customisationAnyone who liked the old xcom series should have this IMO,  Great Game.If you are new to that kind of game be patient, it can be really hard but at least playing it in the long term is rewardingOne of the few EA that end up very well and I'm glad to have backed upGreat job with this one guys"
,Recommended,223830,29304084,Posted: 16 January,all,BloodyHell,"I played UFO and Jagged Alliance during the 90s and Xenonauts brought me back to those days. I thoroughly enjoyed my time playing this game. If you are into micromanaging and carefully preparing yourself for every mission, then check this game out.I love that that your soldiers are not bound by a class system; every soldier can fire any weapon or use any type of gear. You can actually create your own classes, such as a medic for example.You can invest countless of hours into your experienced soldiers and lose them all if you don't play tactically enough.I love that tanks are in the game; however, they are far too weak and take up too much transport space. I would recommend a mod that increases the tanks life points.I honestly hope that Xenonauts 2 will have a better soldier/tank synergy.Overall if you are into tactical turn-based games, then you should check it out, or at least watch some Let's Play videos to get a feel for it."
76561198002404593,Recommended,223830,29817696,Posted: 9 February,all,WeeknightWizard,"A fantastic successor to the original X-Com, and the most true to its roots. This is a different experience from the 2K remake XCOM titles, but just as good in different ways. Highly recommend the Community Edition mod for newcomers and returning player alike, and good luck!"
,Recommended,223830,29774058,Posted: 7 February,all,sgt hemophilia,"excellent old school XCOM gameplay, graphically updated and free of its lineage's annoying quirks."
76561198098803487,Recommended,223830,29729200,Posted: 5 February,all,Darth Funkulous,"If you've ever been lonely for the original XCOM, fear not, for you have Xenonauts, a game that takes the best of the original, and combines it with a great aesthetic, and new mechanics and weapons. It's just that good."
76561198054185432,Recommended,223830,30256862,Posted: 1 March,all,GraySource,"Great game! It's a good one for whose who want a game in where you need to actually think and feel challenged. It""s fundamental to have stategies, and if you go out playing recklessly, you'll definately lose soldiers, vehicles and bases. There's a whole width of things that you can do, strategies that you can take, approaches that you can make! It's a game that you look for the gameplay, not for the graphs or something. If you like strategy games, go for it and don't think twice!It's totally worth the price."
76561198048070482,Recommended,223830,30172671,Posted: 25 February,all,Ralinos,Cool remake of the original X-com style
76561198070899330,Recommended,223830,21373257,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,Meteor Bear,"Great game, I loved everything about it."
76561197975744062,Recommended,223830,31136495,Posted: 14 April,all,stuguy909,"This is a good alternate Xcom game.  The community based mod is excellent, and really enhances the game as well.  I played this game for hours in vanilla.  Then I played it again for hours with the mod.  If you are a diehard Xcom: UFO defense fan, then this game is just for you.  It isn't as pretty as XCOM: Enemy Unknown, but it has more research content than Enemy Unknown.  If you get the community addons, well, you just found your favorite XCOM game.  I prefer less flashy too, so older computers can easily run this."
76561197991138314,Recommended,223830,10308552,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,azfalt,"This is by far the best atempt to a remake of the original x-com: enemy unknown / x-com ufo defense.This game catch the intensity and the scope of research and development of new technologies, aswell as government and economic relations.A must have for every fan of the original X-Com games, for nostalgic reason or just because, you just aswell as I, still play thoes godly good games, from a time when programmers knew how to make something special and new.Everything since then has mostly ben remakes or copy of base code and editing graphics to make something look diferent from an original perspective.This is not just another remake, its a realy good remake, but I'll still play the original's eventually from time to time aswell."
76561198043152018,Recommended,223830,31823593,Posted: 18 May,all,Kent the Butcher,"I really liked the Cold War-era feel of this game, and the daunting task of taking on such an enemy with that level of technology."
76561198011324285,Recommended,223830,31867371,Posted: 20 May,all,rusty,this is the real xcom. love it.
,Recommended,223830,34795220,Posted: 7 September,all,Mordgier,"At release this game had a few issues - crippling bugs and horrible balance issues that went well past making the game challenging to tedious.Over 3 years later, this is now a solid, enjoyable and ultimately a good game.  Largely as a result of community contributions to the community branch.The developers realized that their game did not offer the best modding support and that they didn't quite have the resources to fix a game that untimely was never all that popular.  So they did something almost no other dev does - they shared the code with the community.The result is the community branch and a mod manager that not only fixes the bugs but improves game balance and further lets you easily install mods that allow you to fine tune your game.This is not X Com Enemy Unknown or X Com 2 - it's far harder, far more brutal and admittedly more frustrating. Yet the reward for enduring the often unfair gameplay is the sense of success and tremendously deep gameplay.Yes this game is hard, yes I suggest playing with numerous mods that tune the difficulty down, yes it's not pretty, and your soldiers will never become superheros like they do in the XCom of today. There are no 'super powers' like dodging shots or being a guaranteed a miss. You will always be at the mercy of RNG and you will lose your troops at all stages of the game rather than having them become vastly more powerful than the aliens.In short - give this game a shot, hit up the community to figure out which mods you want and what strategies to use to deal with the aliens as the game will not hold your hand and expect to reload often or fail often."
76561198012286474,Recommended,223830,34873646,Posted: 10 September,all,carl.philpot1,"I love this game, so glad i bought it after months of watching it. I activated the free community mod and don't regret it.It is an excelant simulation, making you get engrossed in it's story and the difficulty of the game on easy insures replayability.I'm already observing xenonaughts 2 development with high keeness. I have learned with this game that - as a graphics ♥♥♥♥♥, you really don't need a triple A title to have fun."
76561198036448669,Recommended,223830,34821857,Posted: 8 September,all,ji26,"Showing my age a bit but I was a great fan of the first XCOM game, but I would never go back to play it because I knew I would be dissapointed. This game brought back all the nostalgia and memories and was fun to play. I prefer simulation and tactics to flashy graphics and while this game was as deep as what it was based on (fairly shallow), it is the spiritual successor to XCOM.I'm looking forward to Xenoauts 2, where the developer is re-imaging the game again."
76561198076806212,Recommended,223830,34847927,Posted: 9 September,all,Pericles,"A solid, immersive experience, if only for a short time. Excellent music. Line of sight bugs, repetitive maps, and imbalances ruined the game in the long run for me, but overall a good experience."
76561198131229739,Recommended,223830,34819149,Posted: 8 September,all,=AGP=Front1erm4n,"It's quite like the original X-COM. The controls are easy to grasp, the gameplay is great and the progression is nicely paced.The strategic layer revolves around shooting down UFOs, deploying to ground battles and managing the direction of your forces. You have to build the bases and recruit the personel while also researching and building new toys to reduce the mortality rate amongst your soldiers.The air battles are pausable and can be easy or impossible depending on the choices for the loadout of your fighters.The tactical battles where you will spend the most of your time are turn-based with you starting in your drop ship and having to explore the map. Starting to play the game you will most probably lose soldiers but since at the start of the game you are vastly outclassed in terms of technology you will find tactics to mitigate those disadvantages.Your tactics on the ground will depend on the equipment you give your soldiers. Maybe you want several machine gunners supported by shotgun troopers? Or rather bombard them with hand grenades? It is up to you.I have really enjoyed my playthroughs and I am looking forward to Xenonauts 2."
76561198043583409,Recommended,223830,33694699,Posted: 21 July,all,Lord Peevis of Tweed,"I love how by the late game, I walk of my ship to a nice looking city amidst the screams of panicking civilians, but when i walk back on to my helicopter, their is just an earily quiet sea of dead corpses and burned out husks of what were once buildings and cars (and alien mechs). Makes me think back to the early game when the fights were what now look like small time skirmishes between small handfulls of combatants as opposed to what now feels like a full on war.I will admit i have serious problems with this games installing. it messed with folders and makes itself read only, making uninstalling it then re-installing it an absolute ♥♥♥♥♥, as the left over files screw things up."
76561198412884060,Recommended,223830,35488482,Posted: 5 October,all,ILikeToShootZombies,A very satisfying recreation of the classic xcom games with enough changed too not get sued. most changes are for the best.still miss my blaster launcher though.
