user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,223810,7744551,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Botagel,"Ys I is a simple, fast-paced action game disguised as an RPG. Maybe too simple for a generation who're used to combo systems, collecting a dozen new abilities, and other new hot features adopted by the genre (and later games in the series). But I like that simplicity! It's a comfortable old friend of a game, with just enough interesting use of its one mechanic (ram the other guy off-center) to last the duration of the adventure.And then you can play Ys II, which throws in a bunch more toys to play with in a larger world!Make sure you play in the original 4:3 mode: the zoomed-in mode doesn't quite match the aspect ratio of the original game window, and areas designed around it will feel cramped if you have to scroll more."
,Recommended,223810,32232378,Posted: 6 June,all,[LUE] TormakSaber,"Ys 1 and 2 are essentially 2 halves of one game, and for the purpose of this review will be treated as such.The Ys series is a collection of niche JRPG games from Falcom, famous for their difficulty and their blisteringly fast pace compared to almost every other RPg game coming out at the time (and to a degree, even today). The games are known for their heavy, intense guitar scores and serene orchestral music, as well, and these two games are the ones that began the trend for everything above.The Ys games are notoriously polarizing - either you REALLY enjoy the gameplay, the almost bullet-hell difficulty in bosses, or you absolutely hate it and toss it in the garbage. I luckily fell into the first camp.Ys 1 and 2 utilize the ""Bump Combat System"" which is a buttonless fighting style that relies on you running into enemies that are not facing you, or at odd degrees or angles (basically anything other than head-on) in order to do damage. There are ZERO i-frames in both games, for both enemies and you, so combat is swift and incredibly lethal. The only slowdown is if you have to stop to regenerate, and consumables in the second game make it so you don't even need to do that. The second game also greatly increases the power of a diagonal angle attack, making striking without taking recoil damage almost trivial after playing the first game. Ys2 also adds magic to break up the rushing bump combat formula, but for the most part you're going to be running around like a madman auto-swinigng your sword, and it is incredibly fun.The dungeons in both games are large and pretty winding, and you do a lot of running around back and forth to collect items, but your runspeed is so high and there'sa number of fast travel options, so it never seems *too* bad. There are a few points that definitely come off like blatant padding though, especially in the second half of both games.As a JRPG, there is some degree of grinding. If you're in the game for achievements then you won't notice any extra grinding aty all - as you'll already be killing way more monsters than necessary in order to fill up your bestiary entries. If thats not your thing, be aware that in both games there are a few hard walls that will require a bit of grinding, especially the last boss in the first half of Ys 1. Ys 1 assumes you are max level halfway through the game. Luckily levelling is quick and the grinding will be pretty minimal. Ys 2 makes things much easier, and towards the end of the game there is one particular enemy you can grind about 10-12 levels off of in 15-20 minutes. Luckily combat is realtime and so swift your grinding always has you doing something rather than ""press A for turn based combat"".The music switches between soft town themes and serene temple themes, to pulse pounding electric guitar riffs in dungeons and combat zones. It's great music if that style is your thing, and is it ever my thing. Can't say enough great things about the music.The story is interesting and intriguing, but won't knock your socks off like, say, a Witcher game, with crazy political intrigue. It's a JRPG about being a redhead anime warrior getting into adventures, and that's exactly what you get. The world setting is explained and the locations you go to across games are varied. The supporting cast exists but doesn't get a ton of screentime just by virtue of the game's style. The games are about Adol and that's made clear. There are some parts where it's not immediately clear where you need to be going - this is worse in the second game, but made a bit easier by the game giving you an item at that point that lets you 'phone a friend' for some NPC assistance on where to go next.Strongly recommended if you can handle the game's inherent difficulty - boss battles verge on frustrating to downright unfair feeling, especially in the first game. The second game's bosses are much, MUCH more manageable - the last boss of 1 in particular can just feel like a luck based grind. As a side mention: play with VSync on - it affects one boss in Ys1 in particular, and with vsync off the game breaks and the boss becomes actually, physically impossible to damage. I have also heard some people comment that a lower resolution can help make fights easier, especially the last boss of 1."
,Recommended,223810,15662950,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Nerd House,"Ys I & II, being the first two games in the long-running Ys series, have had quite a number of releases over the years. It’s hit a number of different platforms, including the PC88, TurboGrafx, PC, Nintendo DS, Sony PSP, and now PC, each with their own tweaks to the game to fit the platform they were released on. XSEED Games and Falcom, who started their partnership  with the release of Ys Seven, have set out on bringing the definitive version of Ys I & II to the PC. The question is, how does this port in the long list of existing ports fare?Originally released in the late 1980s, Ys I & II definitely shows their roots in their story presentations. You play the role of Adol Christin, a (now very well-known) red-haired adventurer who sets off on a journey of excitement and ends up washing up in a nearby coastal city where he learns of demon attacks which are driving the country’s citizens into hiding. As you progress through the game, it becomes clear that things aren’t as simple as they seem, with items called the Books of Ys being collected as you progress through your journey. These later become important to unraveling exactly what is causing this country’s plight and showing how to set things right.Most memorable for its combat, Ys I and II combine all the elements of a traditional JRPG: towns, shops, NPCs, equipment, character levels, exploration, and even some minor side quests and secrets. Ys I is more simplistic than its sequel, but both games are strikingly similar and tell two parts of the same narrative, even if those parts are two nearly identical story arcs. Each game can be beaten in less than ten hours, both have moments of great frustration, and they both climax in thrilling and memorable bosses. Ys I and II may be most well known for their shared ""bump"" combat system in which our hero Adol collides with enemies to injure them (and to be injured by them). The lack of an attack button and Adol's swift running speed make the action so frantic as to be absurd, and at times I found the red-haired sprite's action downright hilarious. I was skeptical and critical at first, but I learned to enjoy the simple combat, particularly during boss fights, which require much more thought than the dull standard enemies. Unfortunately, diagonal attacks are so overpowered in Ys II that regular enemies are slain with ease, and both games suffer from clumsy menus and balance issues.Being that this is an older RPG, there are some grinding issues present in this release. Ys I, being merely a prelude to Ys II, only allows for Adol to level up to Level 10. Levels control whether you win or lose in Ys I, and at times you’ll have to grind in the initial dungeons to get through some of the bosses. This issue becomes a bit worse in Ys II, which ups the level cap to 55, but lessens the EXP gained from enemies as you level up. This requires players to, at times, spend time farming enemies in one area of a dungeon, lest they get instantly killed by enemies in a later part which Adol can’t touch with gaining more levels and grabbing enough gold to get the best weapons for that period in the game. Some of the latter bosses are particularly unfair in this regard, forcing players to gain 3-5 levels above what the enemies are at just to get through the boss fight with a sliver of life remaining. While this only occurs in a few parts of the game, it’s still an annoyance that could have been fixed with a few slight tweaks by Falcom for this release. Players who enjoy a challenge will find no problems with this though.As both titles were released back in the 1980s, the RPG mantra of including key items in obscure places holds true. Numerous times in Ys I players will be unable to progress through the story because they forgot to talk to or walk into a specific story event that was either barely mentioned or not mentioned at all. While Ys II fixes this for the most part, there’s one key item in one of the final dungeons which requires players to go to a unmentioned room instead of a house in town, which is where players would assume it was located due to the game’s dialogue. The game could have greatly benefited from some streamlining for newer fans of the series.Even with those negatives, as with most Ys titles, the first thing players will notice is the game’s soundtrack, which like in Oath and Seven, runs circles around most other games. The soundtrack, composed by video game music legend Yuzo Koshiro of Etrian Odyssey fame, along with Falcom stalwart Mieko Ishikawa, is easily the shining gem of this compilation. As explain before, Ys I & II have appeared on numerous platforms in the past, so the game compliments this by allowing players to choose between three different versions of the music.One of the most impressive parts of Ys Chronicles outside of the soundtrack has to be the game’s storyline and translation. For a title which was released back in the 1980s, the story still stands shoulders above many other titles of that era, as well as some of the RPG hits of the 1990s. This combined with the music and the general artistic presentation of the game makes for some very heartwarming moments. The main storyline was translated in a way which feels authentic without falling into the “ye olde” trap that most remakes of classic RPGs fall into. XSEED also threw in a couple pop culture jokes in some of the more obscure areas of the game for those who take the time to check out everything.Despite some of the negatives I've listed here, I thoroughly enjoy playing through these adventures. Being a long time Ys fan I owed it to myself to play the adventures that started them all. There is magic in Ys, and everyone should get a chance to see it.Highly Recommended"
,Recommended,223810,2226785,"Posted: 11 September, 2013",all,Paikia,"Another remake of the old Nihon Falcom action RPG classic, which finally brings this great game to english speaking PC gamers.This version seems to improve everything beyond the previous versions (at least the ones I played, that is the Sega Master System version from the early 90s and the Turbo Duo release from a few years later), with one exception - it doesn't have voice acting, unlike the Turbo Duo release, which did have some (not much, but still...).The control is great, the graphics are up-to-date, and the awesome soundtrack is at its best, as usual. The game is relatively short (8-10 hours if you've beat it before, but could take much longer for first timers), but offers plenty of fun.This is really one of my favorite games."
,Recommended,223810,10474979,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,ImALittleBear,"Even on the easiest level of the game - it still has a high level of challenge and difficultly but the way you attack enemies is different - you must bump into them. A plus is that you can recover HP if you are standing still in most places. If you are familiar with Y's Book 1 and 2 on PC Engine, you have a pretty good feel for this story , however some elements have been reworked to provide an element of challenge in order to advance to specific portions of the game. Some early bosses - You will find out quickly that you have to level up so high in order to beat them. That may take a long time but in the end, your Gold Level will rise high and you can buy some of the more expensive items from the get go.Another plus of this game is the choice of soundtrack. You have Chronicles, Complete and PC-88 to choose from. For nostalgic purposes I turn it on PC - 88 because I love the retro music.Being that I own Y's Oath in Felghana and Y's Origin , I had to play this. I had realized that this was also released on PSP but never owned a PSP.Beginners and seasoned Y's players will find a variety of stuff to do in both of these games and its a bargain for the price that was paid for the game. You don't see quality console  RPG Games like this on PC that much."
76561198165778106,Recommended,223810,17198155,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Kangtaw,"These 2 games are very good. The story is connected from YS Origin, YS1, and YS2. I suggest you play from YS Origin. Finish Toal Cain storyline to reveal the hidden plot. Then, you play YS1 and YS2.It's been a long time I haven't played games with such good story. Good job, Falcom!PS: Please bring the YS4, YS5, and YS7 to Steam too. I will definitely buy and play them !"
,Recommended,223810,13006826,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,S0YxSauCe,"This game has one of the hardest boss of all time Dark Fact. Dark Fact has no mercy to the weak soul. If you are a fan of the JRPG genre this is a must have to your collection. And if you are a hardcore gamer, Dark Fact is waiting for you."
,Recommended,223810,12922536,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Snappycakes,"The Ys games are small, short JRPGs. What really makes them stand out is the combat. Instead of turn based, selecting your move from a list, Ys instead adopts a mechanic wherein you “bump” into the enemies. This is done by walking into the enemies either off centre in the first game or at a diagonal in the second game.The games overall are relatively simple. Bump into enemies, level up, continue on your quest. If you can no longer damage enemies you need an equipment upgrade or to level some more. The story is also pretty simple in both games as long as you pay attention to where you need to be heading, otherwise you can find yourself getting one hit killed by encountering certain enemies too early.Both games have a great soundtrack, are bundled at a cheap price and are JRPGs that don’t take 60+ hours to complete. A warning though, the bosses in the second game are more bullet-hell so make sure you are prepared."
,Recommended,223810,25672468,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,Saibot,"I love the descriptions in other reviews calling Ys antiquated. Who would have thought a game made in 1987 would feel antiquated by today's standards.That aside, it's great to hear how troubled today's players are by its gameplay and storytelling. I'm sorry children, Adol doesn't talk much, and you're not going to be spoonfed what's going on during his adventures. You simply have to pay attention and use your imagination (and read the **** in-game books)I don't have a button to attack? Deal with it. It's hilarious how the only justification for this system being bad is ""it's old"".The level cap is too low? Oh dear me, I didn't know it was wrong to challenge people by putting the stats against you.If you're unsure that you'd like the game or that it'd be too old now to enjoy, then I'd tell you not to worry. If you enjoy action games, you owe it to yourself to buy this game. You'll want to invest hours and hours into it and you'll certainly be happy that you did.Edit 24th September 2016 21:00 o'clock... dude... the last Dungeon.. is so... bad... Go to floor 20th. Then floor 11. after that floor 16 to go back to 11... to complete the dungeon go back to floor 25.... dude....Dont... do... this... to me.... again ...."
,Recommended,223810,9876721,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,DesuChan (freudxxx),"This is a good game. I like the bump attack system. The bosses are challenging, and the story is good.  The only downside to it is that it can sometimes be hard to figure out what to do in these two games, which is why I had to constantly refer to a walkthrough to beat these games."
,Recommended,223810,11554442,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Ghostly {WfPk},"An old school rpg with a unique style of combat that may not appeal to those used to turn based combat. In this you bump your character model into the enemy at angles and deal damage according to said angle, taking damage if they're directly facing you. Soundtrack is top notch, and the sprite work is pretty nice for a game over 30 years old. The story overall is your average fantasy tale, once you start playing it isn't hard to see where it's going to end. Worth picking this and the second game up for continuity, neither are particularly long, which is fine for the price you can pick both up for.Since both games are tied to the same review apparently I'll continue with the second game. Like the first, the combat mechanic carries over using their bump system, so if you hadn't played the first which I'd recommend just for understanding the characters and what is going on with your situation, then you get to now. Honestly, this game is just more of the same and just finished the whole story off. If you liked the first, you'll like the second."
,Recommended,223810,15245710,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,pepsimanvsjoe,"Oh Adol with your hair of red, won't you bump into monsters until they're dead?I think I make a better poet than a game reviewer.Ys I & II is quaint by action-RPG standards. These games were released in 1987-1988. Despite ports on many platforms and numerous remakes (including this one), the game-design has remained unchanged. This is interesting, considering that Ys III was given a complete re-imagining in 2005 (Oath of Felghana). While I'm sure many people would love a Felghana-level version of Ys 1 & 2, there's something to be said about allowing a classic to stand on its own.There isn't much to say about Adol Christin. He's the guy fate calls for when evil threatens the world. Every adventure seems to start off with him showing up at just the right time. Either that or he's just prone to shipwrecks. He's not particularly talkative, aside from his knack for explaining the current situation. In Ys 7 and Memories of Celceta he even says a few words during battle. He's not mute, but he's usually surrounded, by extremely talkative NPCs that do the talking for him. Adol prefers to keep quiet, so he can save his strength for the next fight.Actually, the Ys series doesn't fit the description of ""action-rpg"" all that well. This is especially apparent in the first game. The level-cap is a mere 10, and you'll be max-level before the first 1/3 of the game is completed. Money will cease to be relevant half-way through Adol's adventure. In fact, the latter half the game takes place in the lovely Darm's tower. The average play-through should run about 5 hours, maybe a bit more due to the freakin' backtracking right before the final boss.As it has been stated time and time again, Ys 1 has a ""bump2win"" combat system. There aren't any buttons to swing your sword, you simply run into the enemy. Not directly of course, that would be suicide. This off-center approach represents the entirety of your interactions with monsters. Aside from the bosses, you don't have to worry about projectiles, sword slashes, clawwing attacks, or anything else when facing demons. Combat can get annoying, especially if you choose to leave diagonal-controls turned on. Like I said though, once you max out your level, there isn't any incentive to fight. The boss battles are definitely challenging, since they fill the screen with dangerous crap, and it isn't always apparent when they can be damaged. For the most part however they are fair and entertaining to fight.Except for Dark Fact of course. He is one truly bull♥♥♥♥♥♥piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ Fighting this jerk on normal is what caused me to grow my first white hair. I'm not ready for nightmare-level Fact.On the bright side, once you defeat him you can move onto the much-improved sequel.Ys 2 employs numerous changes to the combat system. On the surface it's still ""bump2win"" but there's a bit more to it. Well, maybe less depending on who you talk to. The off-center approach works just as well as before, but now enemies can be diagonally attacked. This simple move is far more effective. The enemies of Ys have seen changes to somewhat counteract this. Enemies will now fire projectiles, swing weapons, and generally move around just a bit more. The game has still become easier, but it's also become more dynamic, and more fun.The combat changes include the ability to cast spells. Early on, Adol receives a fire rod. This weapon completely changes almost all of the boss-battles. Now you're not expected to run into the openings, you just have to blow them away. The boss-battles somewhat resemble a 2D shooter, or one of those genre mash-ups like The Guardian Legend.Unlike the previous game, Adol explores a larger variety of locales. The final dungeon is pretty massive, but it doesn't take up half the game like Ys 1. Instead you get to explore great locations like a fire cavern, some mines, a land filled with snow, sewers...Hey where are you going? Oh...yeah I guess going through the same areas as every other videogame can be really tiring. Keep in mind that this was all really novel for a game made in 1988. Of course, this excuse doesn't fly when Ys 3 (1989!) also features a fire cavern, some mines, a land filled with snow, and sewers.The entirety of Ys 1 & 2 isn't just running through dungeons and bumping into foes, there are some light adventure elements as well. At a certain point in Ys 1, Adol has to wear a mask to see hidden passages (at the expense of seeing dangerous monsters). There's a staff in Ys 2 that allows Adol to change into a Roo, and actually converse with demons. Some additional scenes can be viewed by fulfilling certain conditions (most of which also award achievements). While they don't affect the game-design, they're a nice touch all the same, especially for fans of the series.The first entry in the Ys series can be difficult to appreciate. The story isn't anything special, the combat -- while not without its charm -- isn't even a patch on Ys 6 and beyond, and there are some flat-out dull moments. Early on you're practically required to grind for experience and cash. I still believe that it's worth a play-through. If nothing else, you get to embark on an adventure without a lot of fat, and see the humble beginnings of a classic action (with RPG elements) series. I think Ys 2 holds up far better. It's more approachable, still retains its identity, and is generally more fun."
,Recommended,223810,26745152,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Nihilism Enthusiast,Final boss in Ys 1 on nightmare took me literally 9 consecutive hours to defeat. I never want to play this game again.I love Ys.
,Recommended,223810,12456910,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Slayn Fayt,"This game is a blast from the past. I played the original series from the older generation consoles. The game itself has nice characters, wonderful story, good development, and a nice animation tone to it. There are variations however the game is truly lived to it's run. The series has met what it did before and transferring it here for those who can't get it, helps out a lot and a bundle to. I loved playing these treasures from ways ago. If you like this, you may like Shining Tears and Suikoden as other series that have many other rpg respective elements. However this game series was one piece of my childhood 10 out 10."
,Recommended,223810,32828247,Posted: 26 June,all,Helevorn,"I love these two games!The port is really great, and very customizable when it comes to graphics and such.The battle system surely isn't that great - you bump into enemies to fight them, so there's no switch to a battle screen, but you can still customize something: equipment, one magic at a time, attack from various sides and so on.You have only a character, not a party, but if you're looking for an old school, SNES-like JRPG Ys 1 and 2 are definitely good. They're not Chrono Trigger, they're not even close to the Final Fantasy series or to others like Grandia, Golden Sun etc., but they're still enjoyable and more than all they belong to the same JRPG group that I love.Worth playing, definitely!"
,Recommended,223810,8648038,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Sleepless,"Whereas games like Super Mario Brothers complicated gameplay by requiring you to jump atop the heads of foes, Ys requires that you merely bump into them, and it is wonderful!For a game that can be played largely by only ever touching the directional pad and using a few buttons to navigate menus, I found the gameplay to be incredibly enjoyable. It's a top down adventure RPG, with elements of Metroidvania - lots of backtracking and puzzle solving, finding items, finding uses for items that open new paths. Plenty of NPCs to talk to. The game manages to make some challenging boss fights with incredibly simple mechanics.The visual style is incredibly pleasing to look at, the music was beyond surprising - it sounds almost piece for piece like something from Castlevania: Order of Ecclesia, and the pace of the music suits the breezy combat well!All in all, I wasn't expecting to even play the game - I picked it up incredibly cheap off a Steam sale. Instead, I've been incredibly surprised with a delightful game with superb presentation and classic gameplay that left me with nothing but good feelings. And I've only finished Ys 1, the first game of the pack."
,Recommended,223810,8490383,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,PinkTeddy,"These games renewed my love for 2D RPGs, a genre I haven't touched since SNES. The soundtracks are definately a standout which you can hear in the trailer. All combat is in real time and remarkably fun. It works on a bump system so depending on what angle and direction you hit the enemy determines a sucessful hit. The story is pretty simple and the hero is a bland, enthusiastic young kid but the gameplay easily supports the game's few negatives. And after you're done the achievements are a lot of fun to go back and solve.Ys I: The leveling system is so perfect in the first game. Every level makes you feel more powerful and that you've achieved something. The maps are serpentine but not too frustrating. The areas feel distinct and the art is just beautiful. The boss battles are really quite wonderful and the final boss was easily the hardest part of the game for me. It involved so much genuine strategy and forethought that finishing the game felt so darn satisfying.Ys II: Very similar to the first game in music, art, maps, story, and combat but with the introduction of magic. One spell basically dresses you in a kangaroo onesie so you can talk to enemies. Every enemy. I honestly felt bad for killing hoardes of enemies that just wanted to go home but were there because I was their badguy. The biggest negative would have to be the final boss. They were a joke and the easiest boss in the game due to the items they give you beforehand. The third boss gets a special mention because they may be the most horrifying thing I have ever seen in 16-bit. Ys II is just more of a good thing and is immensely fun."
,Recommended,223810,10151564,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,StealthMomo,"Played this game on the PC Engine CD and it's nice to see it in Steam with update graphics, better movement, FMVs and revamped GUI.Tread lightly specially in the final boss where the difficulty jumps from 5 to 10. It seems that the battle scenario writer is a bitSin nature."
76561198019319990,Recommended,223810,18995383,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Admard,"I admit that I’m new to the Ys series and Ys Chronicles is my first foray into the franchise.  That said, I really enjoyed both Ys I and II.  Despite the original games being more than 25 years old, Ys manages to hold up remarkably well.  It’s fast paced and accessible and the story is simple yet charming.  Sometimes the game does show its age with baffling maps and level design and there are a few annoying puzzles sprinkled throughout like relics from an earlier age of game creation.  But the game is competent and fun overall.  Of special note, however, is the music from Ys: it is fantastic, and the updated versions present in Ys Chronicles are a joy to listen to.  All in all, I can see why the Ys series has so many fans."
,Recommended,223810,18076639,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Yoshino,"If I were to describe this game in a few words, it would go like this: ""memorable boss fights and awesome music"". Rarely have I felt so much satisfaction after defeating a video game boss (specially the last one of Ys I, which I can proudly say that I defeated on nightmare - and which I am ashamed to say, took me a few days to do).Needless to say, this is not for everyone: you will see the game over screen a lot. But the game is not unfair, every boss has a weakness or pattern of attack that can be exploited (though it still requires some skill to do so).The other strong point os this game is the soundtrack, the developers really put their efforts in it. The soundtrack of Ys is, by far, my favorite.After playing this game I became a fan of the series. The mechanics of the game changed a lot over the years, but the difficulty, awesome music and memorable boss fights remained. If you are a hardcore RPG gamer, give this one a try (or try the prequel, Ys Origin, it has a more modern action/RPG type of gameplay that became a standard of the series)."
76561198111826314,Recommended,223810,13983395,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Mondae Sundae,"This game screams: Epic. Retro. Action RPG. While we're at it, Ys Chronicles+ kicks Major♥♥♥♥♥(this is an E rated review)! The game mechanics are so simple and so addictive that you can literally spend hours grinding monsters, just because! And then you look at the clock and think, “Holy Pants! It's tomorrow! ...But maybe just a little longer...” and then you turn into a zombie. Yea, this is a hyperbole, but it's not as much of an overstatement as you might think.And did I mention that this is a package of two games? Quick history lesson. When Falcom was developing Ys, limitations forced them to split the epic into two, resulting in two games, Ys I and II, collectively called (in this case) The Ys Chronicles (Ys Complete, Ys Eternal, Ys Epic Remake VII, these two games have seen a plethora of remakes, and Ys Chronicles+ is the latest and arguably greatest).Pros:- Impossibly good soundtrack- Addictively simple (or simply addictive) gameplay- Epic, just epic- Two games in one- Too many subtle little things to listCons:- Some bosses (Ys I only) can be frustrating- A few very minor things- Review doesn't do it justice (but hopefully comes close)Ys soundtracks are... you know what, there is no word that can properly describe how phenomenally awesome the music in Ys games are. In fact, Ys soundtracks should have their own special term. No really. I'm going to make one up right now: Ystoundingtrack. ...Maybe a work in progress. If you think the music doesn't somehow contribute to the addictiveness of this game, think again. The gameplay is addictive on its own. Now throw in the energizing rock music from the Ystoundingtrack and suddenly you have such an unstoppable locomotive of energy that you just want to cheer every time an enemy explodes into the aether (what a mouthful). The track that stands out the most in this respect is the Ys I overworld music. It's perfect. The rest of the Ystoundingtrack in both games are kick♥♥♥♥♥(darn E rating), but it's that overworld theme that's going to awesome the hours away.Speaking of gameplay, Ys Chronicles has one of the most unbelievably simple yet inhumanly addictive gameplay ideas to every grace the world of video games. You ready for this? You sure? Well here it is: you bump into enemies, and they die. That's basically it. The game is presented in the standard top down perspective of retro RPG fame, and all you have to do is bump into enemies off centre to damage them, and then they die (if you run into them dead centre from the front or they run into you, you take damage... it's a little hard to explain with words alone). Now you might be thinking, “but how can something so mind-numbingly simple be so mind-numbingly addictive?” This gameplay element has been described by it's creators as the game equivalent of popping bubble wrap - they're not wrong. The gameplay results in very tight, fast paced action, and that only helps contribute to the energy of the game.Other than the basic gameplay element, this is also an RPG. In Ys I, the RPG element is very downplayed, and by the time you reach the big mid-boss of the game, you basically have to be at max level (level 10) in order to face him. In Ys II, the RPG element is more developed and balanced. You also get the additional gameplay mechanic of magic in Ys II through the use of magical rods (bologna! they're magic wands - for those who don't know, bologna is pronounced: boloney). Ys II has a lot added features compared to Ys I (I'll get into some of these as I go along). In Ys I, the only thing enemies do is run around at varying speeds. It gets repetitive. Fortunately, Ys I is a short game, and it makes up for it's repetitive nature with creative and interesting locations (extra points for the enemies looking cool). In Ys II, however, every enemy has its own unique attack in addition to the regular means of damaging you.The bosses are where Ys I becomes fiendishly hard. Don't believe me? The big bad mid-boss is a monster! A superboss!! Add to the fact that you can only properly fight him with... well I won't give it away, but if you've talked to everybody, you should have an idea of what you need to fight this boss. And that's not even the hardest boss in the game. That trophy goes to Ys I final boss. Every other boss can be defeated on skill alone, once you know what to do. The final boss, however, has such a luck factor involved that it's... awesome! Unbelievably, they somehow managed to make a luck based boss that's, in addition to frustrating, so frakin fun to fight that it's awesome. Don't ask me how, I honestly don't know. The bosses in Ys II aren't as challenging. In fact, that's the one thing I though was a downgrade from Ys I. The challenging bosses in Ys I is one of the things that I found made the game so enjoyable and memorable. Don't get me wrong, there's plenty of enjoyable and memorable to be had in Ys II. And the bosses are challenging and fun, just not as challenging as I would have liked. Also, most of the bosses can only be killed with fire magic. It would have been nice to have some of the other magic come into play, but... oh well.Ys II makes up for this by being a huge game compared to Ys I with a much grander story to go with it. The story in Ys I is more basic with fewer characters, and because it has fewer characters, it feels like they had more time to focus on and develope them. In Ys II, while the many characters do get time for developement, it's hard to focus on any one character because there's just so many of them. Heck, there's also a present system in Ys II, and if you give people presents they'll say something different than before. Heck+, with the right spell, you can TALK TO EVERY ENEMY IN THE GAME! Did I mention you can BURN VILLAGERS?! (They don't die, they just say something funny). Everyone and everything has something unique to say, and often more than one solitary thing. The most memorable characters of both games leave a lasting impression for one reason or another (in one case, literally because of a hole in the wall). The plot of both games is basically the same, and it's RPG generic, but the story weaves its way around the plot in such an interesting way that it transforms the simplicity of the plot into a foundational strength. That takes serious skill. While not what I would call a perfect story, the characters, the locations, the events, it all works together to make for a truly fun and enjoyable experience.As a retro RPG, these games do have some minor annoyances. In Ys I, there is one point where you have to talk to a character about something pointless before being able to proceed to the final dungeon of the game. All the other stuff you have to do makes sense, but this short conversation... doesn't. Why was it necessary (maybe it's a bug)? Ys II doesn't have this problem. Instead, it has the hide important gameplay elements issue. There is a very minor gameplay element that is critical for dealing with one boss (you can technically fight the boss without it, but that's nearing the realm of impossible). So, what do they do with the explanation of this gameplay element? As far as I know, one of the characters tells you about it, but only if you give them enough presents, and there are a huge number of characters in this game. Personally, I don't think stumbling onto gameplay elements is good game design. It's always fun to have some puzzles in a game, but these puzzles should be a unique application of the gameplay elements you already know, not somehow stumbling onto the fact that if you press a certain control a certain way for a certain magic, something different will happen (as an Easter egg it would be OK though).Ys Chronicles+ are two phenomenal games filled with great energy and fast paced fun. Recommended. Period."
,Recommended,223810,26459849,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Spoony Bard,"Wonderful port of a wonderful classic gem that is similar to the classics like Zelda and Neutopia. After the Sega Master System and Turbo Grafx-16 versions, this is the third version of Ys I I've played. For newcomers to this series, the combat in the first two Ys games will be rather shocking- you simply run into the side of enemies. It may seem way too simple at first, but the richness of Ys is its world, dungeon exploring, secrets and set equipment building."
,Recommended,223810,11202669,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,`'Tactical bear,Play the game on highest difficulty for your first run they said.Enjoy the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t bat boss they said.Enjoy the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t edgy blond man bossfight they said.Well they were right.
,Recommended,223810,15720662,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,b★mi,"Ys I: you spend a couple of hours on getting to max level & collecting all achievements, and then another twenty on two completely randomized bosses that require more luck & angelic patience than skill.Ys II: you beat Ys I and feel like you can take on anything, but it turns out to be a much better balanced game with quite interesting and fair bosses.But really, even if it wasn't - if you beat Dark Fact, nothing can stop you."
76561198027893577,Recommended,223810,11700657,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Ryan,"I really enjoyed this game, but it IS quite different from most JRPG and even Action RPG games.  Make sure you look up the bump style combat and the history of the original games before you buy, as it may not be your thing.That said, it makes for a fun, short, and easily replayable adventure that ends up feeling more like a Zelda-esque adventure game than anything else.  The skill based combat, tough boss fights, beautiful art and cutscenes, and great soundtrack make this a solid 7 out of 10 for me.  No regrets with my purchase or play time."
,Recommended,223810,30569624,Posted: 17 March,all,tsarnick,"Ys I is probably my favourite game of all time. I first played it on the sega master system in 1989, and replayed it several times in the ensuing years on both SMS and PC emulators. This was the most satisfying experience since the first time."
76561198083351443,Recommended,223810,28925462,Posted: 1 January,all,Zerunuik,"After playing Ys Origins and absolutely loving that game, I decided to play Ys I and II. I'm giving both games a thumbs up, but. . . . . .The original game was released in 1987, and it was one of the first action RPGs ever made. It shows it's age through design even if the visuals and audio were updated. I guess I'll go over a few pros and cons.PROs:- Fighting is fun. Even if the idea of ""running into enemies to deal damage"" doesn't sound appealing, it's at least an interesting idea to try out since you've probably never played a game much like it. Boss fights are awesome in design since it requires a LOT of movement, precision, and timing in order to defeat them. Be warned that there are some challenging parts in this game. Magic is also a mechanic in the game, and it really helps add variety to the combat when you get bored with running into enemies to beat them.- World is somewhat cohesive, and the town NPCs are at least a little memorable. It's also good how the townsfolk talk about each other even when the different people are towns apart. You get to see a grandma in a village complain about her children trying to get her to move to another town, and you also get to talk to the children in the other town talking about their struggle of trying to get their mother to move to their town. This sort of thing is important because the town-exploration that is required by the player can really bog down the game if it isn't good.- Overall, I'd say that the story is good. It doesn't take a front-seat in this game, but it is able to find a place in a game where you are suppose to be an adventurer discovering the world, helping people, and saving the land from demons and destruction. The story is mostly established as you explore the land and talk to various NPCs. The story isn't handed to you on a sliver-platter, and I think that this is a good thing for this type of game.- Oh yeah. the game has an RAAAAAAAAAAAD soundtrackCons:- A very large number of the enemies in the game behave in the exact same way, and the way you fight them is the same a lot of the time. Just run into their side, and beat them. If the enemies each had different patterns of movement and different ways that they could damage you, the game would be much better, but at least the bosses are good. This is where the ""bump-to-attack"" mechanic shows its flaws. This is perhaps the worst part of the game. . . . .boring enemy design. (not in visuals but in the the way that enemies fight)- It also becomes very boring fighting enemies when you're lv. 20 while fighting lv. 1 enemies. Also, being able to rest on the overworld at the player's leisure just decreases the tension and fun that one could have from fighting enemies normally. This is a natural symptom to RPGs, but. . . . it still is true.- There isn't a world map, and it is fairly easy to get lost since the screen is zoomed in, and it's hard to orient yourself to the map when the different parts of an area are indistinguishable. I suppose that the game is old-school though, and perhaps there can be some fun found in drawing your own maps with pencil and paper.- Back-tracking to open treasure-chests that you already found but didn't have the key at the time isn't. . . . .particularly fun. It feels more like busy-work.So, my conclusion. . . . generally good gameplay, and a good story that works well with the gameplay-focus of this game.  Oh yeah, did I also mention the AWESOME MUSIC????7.5/10"
76561198006468105,Recommended,223810,24259548,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,God,So you thought Dark Souls is hard? Try beating ♥♥♥♥ing Vagullion fron Ys 1.Edit: Final boss is even more of hell.
,Recommended,223810,8554922,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,.45 ACP,"Good old school rpg.This game contains some interesting story telling although it's a bit unpolished, but it's still good for its time.This game also require frequent saving as you may die anytime because of the bumping system.The boss may need some strategy to defeat, it is punishing but rewarding.Spoiler Free.- Don't give up hope when fighting the last boss. Just keep trying. It will do you good."
76561198035686843,Recommended,223810,7931063,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Mitsuru Senpai,this game was really good I love the soundtrack and the story. Its got me hooked. The anime scene in the begining was awesome.
76561198055389903,Recommended,223810,7322016,"Posted: 6 October, 2013",all,Grimfarrow,"I'm going to review the first and second chapters separately since they were originally separate games. First though, the things the two games have in common, like the combat system, which to some may be a turn-off since it uses the ""bump"" system to attack rather than the traditional ""push button to attack"". Personally I didn't find it to be a problem - in fact, it makes the game even more action-packed this way. The two games also sport absolutely phenomenal music - some of the best I've ever heard. Ys I though is very archaic in its design - it's easy to get lost, and the game doesn't give you enough clues to tell you what to do next. The map is confusing. The game also doesn't have much variety - just ram into enemies and talk to villagers. Ys II, on the other hand, corrects all the problems of Ys I. The inclusion of magic makes the combat significantly more fun, and the game now has a ton of variety of scenarios - my favorite is disguising as Roos. Ys II is just pure, unadulterated fun. Ys I - 6/10, Ys II - 9/10."
,Recommended,223810,33696380,Posted: 21 July,all,archdeco,"The jankier ""you NEED a walkthrough"" parts are just a product of its time. That final bossfight was much more clever than it had any right to be.It stands shoulder to shoulder with Zelda 1, SMB, Metroid etc. No question."
,Recommended,223810,31227679,Posted: 18 April,all,Xeroma,"A slice of video game history. The original Ys 1 came out in 1987 for PC platforms only available in Japan at the time, and this remake is mostly faithful to a game from that era. You will probably need a walkthrough at some point, and the action is simple to an extreme not often seen in modern day games. However, there is an undeniable charm to the game. The presentation is strong and the soundtrack, scored by Yuzo Koshiro originally, is very strong. Not the best Ys game on steam, but worth checking out if you're curious about old games.Ys II comes with it and is the better of the two as well."
,Recommended,223810,12317750,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Some Sexy Pears,RUN INTO THINGS TO WIN!
76561198006937811,Recommended,223810,30604033,Posted: 18 March,all,Munya,"Ys 1 man, Ys 1, what can I say, bought the game jumped immediately into nightmare. At time I wanted to pull my hair out, I don't have hair though so that just added to the frustration, but when I finally beat everything my god was it satisfying, this game was incredible for the little bit it gave."
,Recommended,223810,29149932,Posted: 9 January,all,Dr. Shrugs,Bat guy & DF are pure torture.Part II is not as sadistic as part I.
76561197982853347,Recommended,223810,949195,"Posted: 22 February, 2013",all,Woodman,"The first and second games in this epic series, reworked for your enjoyment.If you love old-school JRPG's, then look no further......you still here?"
,Recommended,223810,27984655,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Hykzqwmx,"at first i dont really know about this game, i play oath of felghana, and expecting this game had same gameplay,and this really caught me off guard, the gameplay totally different.at first i had no idea how to win the first area, so i died multiple times. but after a hour or two, i starting to grasp the gameplay, and im addicted to the end game, and before i knew it, im at the last boss.verdict:- its a fun game if you willing to learn the ""unique"" play, (after i finish the game i just realize i prefer this gameplay rather than the newer version/- i can play it with one hand- its a good challange to dare your friend for a boss fight.- why are you still reading this review, go buy and play it !!!!"
76561198178983811,Recommended,223810,21667509,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,F-Everlasting,"Nice tale, attractive background and splendid BGM."
,Recommended,223810,21760804,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Nobody You Know,"One of the first PC games I ever played as a kid, and loved immensely. A simple RPG with an equally simple combat mechanic: no button-mashing or commands, just run around and bump into enemies. Direction and angle are the only factors involved.The updated version gives this game a whole new life and feel. What was once before a barebones plot akin to the games of the late 80s (here's a paragraph of exposition, now go be a hero) is now a storyline you can follow and become involved in. Cutscenes and NPC movement add to the narrative, and a few NPCs—and even some items—that were once inconsequential have purpose to the story. And all the NPC now have little stories of their own. The monsters have a 'bestiary' as well now, and you're encouraged to fight them more to learn all there is to know about each one.The graphics and sounds are both greatly improved, giving it a feel of a later-generation game. Even the simple combat is improved with the addition of sword-slashing animations and SFX, and enemy death animations. Rings can be swapped with a press of a button, you can toggle the display of stats and equipment (or turn them off completely), and there's even an option to turn off the blood effect, if you want the game to be more kid-friendly. Also, the controls are now configurable with 'righty' and 'lefty' options, one giving you the classic NumPad/arrow key movement and the other the now-standard WASD movement.The only downside, and I hesitate to call it that, is that like many other old 'remastered' games, it removes the inherent advantage of hardware lag and makes some gameplay elements harder than the original. For this remake, it's mostly in the boss fights. While a couple of them are actually *much* easier than the original, the rest are significantly harder and rely on luck a little more than is fun. This is especially true for the final boss, which is now a 99% luck-based bullet hell DPS race with an instant death factor. To be fair, it's the same exact fight as the original, but the original's hardware limitations at least gave you a fighting chance. However, the remake has introduced difficulty levels (though personally, I can't even begin to imagine beating the final boss on Nightmare), so you can make those tough boss fights a little easier.All in all, a great older title that paid for itself many times over in every way, and a fun nostalgia trip to boot. If you're at all a fan of the old school JRPGs, Ys Chronicles is well worth picking up."
,Recommended,223810,22503461,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Lord Clifton,"Ys 1 and 2 are two great story lines patches around a unique and rashly designed, but altogether satisfying fighting system that allows you to auto-attack your opponents by hitting their ""bubbles"", hit spots. Essentially split up into two games, the two games actually rate differently from each other, with the second game likely to be your favorite.First, Ys 1 is a good game with a great story, it just gets pulled down by the inconsistent boss fights that were more from a lack of game design. Essentially, at least two bosses require the kind of patience of a Jedi Master because the controls and the gameplay are so inconsistent. Still, there are plenty of laughs to here, and I liked the way Reena is built in the game.And yet, Ys 2 is amazing comparatively. Not only are the fighting mechanics improved, but throughout the game they change accordingly to the story. Compared to Ys 1, Ys 2's battles feel more mature and feel more satisfying in victory. Furthermore, the story is fantastic in Ys 2, with amazing detail for everyone you meet. Even the monsters you fight have things to say, and I was really impressed.Ys 2 is without a doubt a masterpiece and together the story fits perfectly in a book or movie (there are some shows, but it was early Anime and not much effort is given). I loved how the game pulled me into the story, made me feel nervous and desperate as Adol races towards the top of a tower in one of the focal points of the game.Likely, you'll beat Ys 1 and call it conquered, but Ys 2 will be the game you will nostalgically remember and play again. A fantastic series that was waylaid by its own mechanics in the beginning, Ys 1 and 2 stand out as fine examples of superior JRPG story-telling, and really feel in many ways like your watching the events unfold in front of you."
,Recommended,223810,27575242,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Professor Icepick,"The latest iteration of the games (yes, games) that kicked off one of the greatest and longest-running action-RPG series of all-time, Ys I & II Chronicles+ enhances the '80s classics for a new age. XSEED went above and beyond the call of duty with this release: they took the Ys I & II Complete release from 2001 and updated it with the content from the later Chronicles release on the PSP circa 2009.Ys I & II Chronicles+ recounts the first two adventures of Adol Christin, better known as ""Adol the Red"" in the continent of Esteria and the mysterious lost continent of Ys. If you've played an earlier iteration of these games (the most popular version was the TurboGrafx-16 release), you're probably familiar with the storyline, though there have been a few changes here and there -- including a brand new area at the beginning of Ys I.The gameplay is a far more refined version of the classic ""run-and-bump"" gameplay associated with the series. Adol attacks his enemies by ramming into his enemies off-center, while getting rammed or ramming into them on-center deals damage to Adol instead. This is expanded on in Ys II with additional magic attacks, such as the ability to shoot fireballs, warp and Adol can even disguise himself as a creature, in order to talk to monsters.The graphics aren't breathtaking by any means, but they're the best-looking iteration of these classic games out there. There are some nice full-motion video cutscenes as well, though some may argue they lack the ""charm"" of those present in the TG-16 version. Music is amazing as always: some have even argued that the new rearrangements made for Chronicles rival those of Ryo Yonemitsu. Additional unused tracks have been reimplemented into the game, to add more diversity to the soundtrack compared to earlier versions.  As a bonus, the game also includes the option to use both the classic PC-88 soundtrack (the original versions of Ys I & II), as well as the remixed music from Complete.If the game has any major flaws, I'd have to say it's the fact that both Ys I & II are considered separate games -- both in the Steam library, as well as in general. That is to say, you don't actually need to complete Ys I in order to play Ys II, unlike the TG-16 version which wove both games into a seamless experience. By extension, this means that any experience gained in Ys I doesn't carry over to Ys II. Therefore, Ys I retains the somewhat uneven levelling and low level cap (you can only reach Lv. 10) from earlier iterations.If you've never played a single Ys game before, this would be the one to start with. While the ""run-and-bump"" battle system was replaced with a more traditional hack-and-slash mechanic in the other games currently available on Steam, it's still an interesting system that deserves to be enjoyed by all. If you've played Ys I & II before, you can probably skip out on this one -- though I'd consider this version to be the definitive version."
,Recommended,223810,1762317,"Posted: 16 February, 2013",all,DustyBlue,"I loved every moment of  it. Very few games captivate me like this one did. Consider me an Ys enthusiast now. Very much looking forward to playing the rest of the series. The underrated-ness of this series seriously blows my ♥♥♥♥ing mind. I've never seen any RPGs anything like this, its combat system especially. This game is the purest kind of fun, and loads of it. It's also a very beautiful looking game, and the music is some of the greatest I've heard in video games. AND you can choose to play the game with three different versions of the soundtrack, from previous releases, AND switch between them any time you want. I always really love when the developers go out of their way to include those kinds of little options and details, and every little thing collectively makes the game outstanding.I really really got into this, and I think it's ridiculous how under the radar it is. Really, it is injustice. I loved this game. LOVED IT.I urge whoever may be reading this to download and play the demo for Ys Origin on Steam and play for yourself to see just what kind of awesomeness I am talking about."
,Recommended,223810,29507748,Posted: 26 January,all,Haroon,"Awesome game with a good story, and awesome environments filled with monsters and puzzles. The boss fights are also really awesome. That's three awesomes in two sentences. You know you're going to be entertained when the three awesome appear. AAAwesome. Get it? No? Alright... :|"
76561197992909722,Recommended,223810,1409510,"Posted: 15 February, 2013",all,Reverend Ragu,It lets you play with Koshiro/Ishikawa's original '87 FM synth soundtrack and that's all the impetus I needed to pick this up.
,Recommended,223810,19005248,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Heartofdorkness,"Very cool game. Simple concise story that lasts about 8 hours and the music is very cool. Bump combat system allows for one handed play, just directional keys, and lets you get through the game pretty quick. Dat final boss doe."
76561198100856137,Recommended,223810,20364173,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,meginb,"[Characters - good]: You play as Adol, a red-haired swordsman who habitually washes up on the shores of lands with towers to climb and sealed ancient bad guys to slay. You must also sniff every girl who needs rescuing and frolic in their beds when they aren't looking... Also one boy became the target this one time. >_>[Difficulty - good]: I've heard myths of the higher difficulty levels of some bosses, you won't be disappointed if you want a challenge. For those with poor reflexes, easy is totally playable and you shouldn't have too much trouble even on the most difficult bosses.[Story - good]: Ys I: Climb a tower and leave nothing alive as you climb to the top. Ys II: Climb a variety of places while leaving nothing alivefireballs now included. It may be short and simplistic but it's still well-written and easy to understand...besides, this is an action rpg and you're really here to kill things. :)[Combat - excellent]: It's really a pity that Ys I & II are the only games to ever use the ""bump"" mechanic because I ended up having a blast using it. Ys I did not have magic but Ys II fixes that and polishes the ""bump"" mechanics a little more to make it even better. You can't go wrong with combat that allows you to literally plow through enemies and thus never have to stop moving to make for a very fast progression through the lands and dungeons.[Graphics - good]: Though everyone has preferences for graphics, I'm in the retro crowd and prefer older games. Besides that, there's a lot of animation and detail packed into these games and they even included the option of the original character art or a newer style AND it has some rather beautiful cutscenes.[Music - head bangingly awesome]: Seriously, you will get at least one song in either of these games stuck in your head at some point. They offer 3 variations of the musical score including the original score. I ended using the most recent variation which is orchestral and rock which was really well done.[Replay - average]:  It would actually be bad but given the challenges some like to do on higher difficulties, there's the option to make it last longer. It does have amusing achievements though.[Overall - good]: Ys I & II's combined playtime is about 10 hours on easy, give or take idling time. I had a lot of fun with both and really hope more Ys games will make it to Steam one day... For more adventures with our troublemaker, Adol."
,Recommended,223810,20344045,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,sainijon,"The best version of one of my favorite games of all time. I remember playing Ys: Vanished Omen on the Sega Master System as a child and puzzling out how to get past each roadblock in the days before internet walkthroughs were a thing. I was always impressed with how much fun the game was despite being very simple. To kill enemies all you had to do was bump into them! (Preferably from the side or back.) This is probably my fourth time playing through this game on a different platform (Sega Master System, MSX, Turbo CD, & PC) and it still grips me to this day. It's definitely worth trying out. Finally, I cannot end this review without mentioning the amazing soundtrack. The guys and gals of Falcom really put together a great game here; Also, thanks to Xseed for bring this to steam!!"
,Recommended,223810,22489789,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,gahram,"Fans of LUNAR rejoice! if you miss that classic RPG of the 16/32 bit era, this is a game for you. Battle system is a bit wierd, but master it and yor unstopable! Very memorable story! If they ever make more Y's games, I'm sold!"
,Recommended,223810,4555867,"Posted: 10 April, 2013",all,cfalcon,"The ""bump"" combat takes time to get used to, but it's actually very fun combat once you get into it. Go buy the game because it doesn't treat you like a child, the music is great, and the bosses are great (for the most part).All the girls want the D from Adol."
,Recommended,223810,4834005,"Posted: 6 September, 2013",all,Voffie,"Ys 1 + 2 are greats games and wonderful places for people to start hoping to get into the Action RPG genre! While the battle system is hard to grasp if coming from Origins, it's still a fantastic game with that classic RPG feel to it."
,Recommended,223810,8349240,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Jahrain,Dark souls seems like childs play after playing this.
,Recommended,223810,8264404,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,sJorgy,JUST AS HARD AS I REMEMBER IT ON SEGA... DAFAQ NOW I HAVE TO BUY A NEW KEYBOARD BECAUSE I SMASHED MY OLD ONE..
,Recommended,223810,6833854,"Posted: 20 June, 2013",all,Draco Umbra,"I am a fan of this series, so when this was released on Steam, I just had to go for it. A classic RPG with a Legend of Zelda-esque style to it. If you want to play an RPG worth your time and energy, then this is for you."
,Recommended,223810,23248266,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Lovestar,"I bought this after I have played Ys Origin cause I wanted to see the rest of this amazing world and history. Even though it is nothing like ys origin I still loved it but I can see why others didn't.Ys I: The battlestyle is kindof strange at first as you battle by bumping into the enemies (I personally had not done that before). But the battlestyle makes it quite challenging cause you need to master it to not take to much damage and die. The boss battles are pretty easy though especially after have playing ys origin but still challenging enouth due to the dumping battle system.The achievements is nice and challenging but requires alot of grinding.I would recommend this for those that loved ys origin not for the gamestyle but for the story. If you loved the story, the history and characters you will recognize alot of them in this games."
76561198022318884,Recommended,223810,14153838,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Lonewulf.dll,"Worth a buy if you are a fan of JRPGs and worth a buy on discounted sales if you want to become one.Old but gold, for fans of story driven RPGs definitely worth a look. First game is a tad short but thats why it comes in the bundle. At the beginning it felt a bit grindy but once you get used to the combat system it becomes bearable. Boss encounters are though and unbeatable below certain thresholds but thats how JRPGs handle business. Special props deserve the anime FMVs and especially the soundtrack, the music is superb!"
,Recommended,223810,23971661,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,yung crystal pepsi,"Bumper Cars: The RPGYs is one of the grand-daddies of the modern JRPG with more remakes than Blade Runner. This version is based on the excellent PSP compilation that came out in 2009. It's basically Zelda with more anime and less attack button, but it's awesome nonetheless. You run into enemies to kill them, which sounds boring, but it makes backtracking and grinding far less tedious than in other RPGs, and the length of the game is fairly brief, which feels like a breath of fresh air in an RPG industry full of sprawling, 80+ hour, open-world epics. The localization work by XSeed is fantastic, and they actually licensed a really well-made fan translation of the original Japanese PC game for this release. The art design and soundtrack are godly. Especially the soundtrack, which is composed by the legendary Yuzo Koshiro, of ActRaiser and Streets of Rage fame. The story is fairly generic (this is a game from 1987, after all), but it doesn't outstay its welcome and it gets the job done. The gameplay is where Ys truly shines, though. I didn't think I'd be able to buy the idea of killing enemies by bumping into them, but it actually works and it's insanely fun. It's an arcade-y sort of RPG, and it holds up remarkably well.This compilation contains the first two games in the series. The first one is fairly short and mainly exists to set up the story for the second game, which is more of the same, but with magic spells and bigger, more annoying mazes. If you're new to this series and don't mind the simplistic nature of the gameplay, dig this one up."
76561198026673593,Recommended,223810,10514930,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,CrazyHermit,"I could yap about how goddamn awesome Koshiro's soundtrack is (and I'd be correct) and how nice analog sticks are for the old-fashioned ""bump-attack"" controls (they are) but I'd rather talk about our hero, Adol Christin. He's not particularly clever or witty (being painfully mute) and he's not even that strong, especially compared to his best friend who can punch through ♥♥♥♥in' walls. He's just a red-headed doofus who shows up in a given kingdom just in time to get embroiled in the sinister plans of some evil sorceror, and ultimately ♥♥♥♥s up said plans with nothing but tenacity and repeated assaults on their periphery. If Adol can save the world from a tyrannical fallen god, anyone can, and that's inspirational."
,Recommended,223810,21347235,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Mortis,"Won't win any new converts if you don't like ""THE BUMP SYSTEM"" but a good version of the classics with some decent options."
,Recommended,223810,22236248,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,SilverYukiru,I've decided that the Ys games are my childhood.
,Recommended,223810,32757059,Posted: 24 June,all,2ddy,"A brilliant pair of games.  Everything from the lore to the characters is top-notch, and the combat is simple and addictive, combined with a classic dungeoncrawling experience, as well as some shmup elements for bosses.  This honestly may be one of the best RPGs of all time, simply by virtue of it's excellent storytelling.  Your attachments and relationships with the characters feel genuine and organic.  Every single NPC has a fleshed out backstory and their position in the world makes sense.  Even though the story is linear, it doesn't feel like the game is just railroading you from point A to point B.  Instead, your objectives unfold naturally from talking to NPCs and you feel immersed in a living, breathing world.  The attention to detail is surprisingly high, particularly in regards to how dialogue changes depending on the circumstances.  Some players may find themselves at odds with the game's cryptic progression, but if you're the type that doesn't like their hand held, and a fan of classic RPGs, this is a solid recommendation."
,Recommended,223810,35006951,Posted: 16 September,all,D`MOELESTAR,"These are my first Ys games.The combat system is a unique bump system where you don't have button to attack. You need to bump the enemies to deal damage but avoid bumping them at center of the sprite because you will get damaged too.On Ys I bosses, you can bump them anywhere on their body, because their source of damage are different from the normal mobs. While Ys II bosses will be damaged by using your magic.Played them on nightmare on first playthrough and I truly had nightmares on Ys I. The difficulties are so good, I love it.Why Ys I so hard? Because the level cap is 10, and I already reached level 10 at 3rd boss fight, so you can't just beat the bosses by being overleveled, you need to get better at the game.Lovely, isn't it?Unlike the Ys I, the Ys II's difficulty isn't as hard as Ys I because it has much higher level cap (I was level 50 when I ended Ys II) and there is magic introduced in there so you can do ranged attacks.The only thing that I don't really like about Ys II is that cancel button are the same with walk button and the magic button are the same with OK button (Ys I doesn't have magic). Sometimes I want to charge my magic while walking so I need to press A and B together, on Ys Origin, my magic button is on LB and walk is on RB, it's much more comfortable that way.You can rebind the button but OK and cancel button should be separated from magic and walk.The story are okayish but the OSTs are so beautiful and the boss' fights are so enjoyable, I love'em all, I ended buying the other Ys on steam.I recommend that you play Ys I & II first then play Ys Origin.You can find the play order for the rest of Ys ondigitalemelas.com"
,Recommended,223810,22375806,"Posted: 12 April, 2016",all,Popyall,"If you like old school RPG's, challenging bosses, and the occasional grind, this game is for you.On Normal difficulty, the game is fairly easy and bosses aren't too hard once you figure out their pattern. If you want a broken controller, try beating the game on Nightmare.The soundtrack for this game is awesome as well."
,Recommended,223810,8266620,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,rbardy,"Great game with unique battle system, nice story, resuming all you can expect of a good JRPG."
76561198071471607,Recommended,223810,7798962,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,AVengefulRhino,A great action game with light rpg elements. Kind of like Zelda but more action based. The story is also interesting.
,Recommended,223810,18937399,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Henry,PROS-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Nightmare difficulty provides a challenge if you can beat dark fact congratz apparently not everybody can pull it offGame length is 5-10 hours but it really just depends sometimes you will get lost but for the asking price i cant complainSoundtracks are really good ive heard alot worse-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------CONS-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Has some really cheap bosses thats just based on luckBump system combat isnt all that great alot of people are put off by this and i understand why i didnt like it myself at 1st but after a while it just grew on me i got used to itYou cant use fire magic like ys2-----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------
76561197991103051,Recommended,223810,12323321,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Puddle,"Ys1:Since The review is for both games, mine will be incomplete until I finish the second.There is an interesting story to be hhad with this game. It is perhaps the only thing that may keep you playing as the combat isn't really engaging.The combat is you running in to monsters untill they die. There is not strategy or fun really to be had there. Its not bad but it doesn't really add anything to the game. I think if the game had been any longer than it was it would have gotten old. I am hoping the second one adds something to this system as im sure I am not going to like it if it is the same thing for another 4 hours.There are also a lot of strange solutions to progressing in this game that you are going to need a guide for if you dont want to be annoyed.The soundtrack is very good. I enjoyed all of the music that played even if at times it didn't fit what was happening well.Ys2:*Coming Soon*"
,Recommended,223810,2798985,"Posted: 2 August, 2013",all,Rhomega,"Both games are rather on the short and easy side by themselves, but still pretty good games to play.  I do recommend playing Ys Origins first, because even though it spoils certain plot twists, it would help you get familiar with the lore of the series."
,Recommended,223810,7979182,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Stryn,"Pretty fun game.  Unique combat mechanic, with a last boss fight that's probably one of the more difficult ones out there.  Recommended."
,Recommended,223810,11143602,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Franc[e]sco | install gentoo,"I didn't expect this to be so amazing. This is an extremely well-ported remake of the first two Ys games, 100% compatible with any modern windows operating system (7, 8, 8.1) and it runs smooth as butter out of the box - all that's required is to set your screen resolution in the config program. It will automatically recognize your xbox 360 joypad (I'm using a ps3 joypad with a 360 joypad emulator) and it can run at any refresh rate (I'm playing at 120hz @ 120fps which is an incredibly smooth and pleasant gameplay experience with super responsive input.The gameplay is extremely enjoyable. I had played Ys: oath in felghana before and I absolutely loved it, but Ys I & II blew me away. The combat system is unlike anything I've ever seen before: you basically have to bump into enemies at precise angles to maximize damage without getting hurt and your character will automatically attack as you bump into the enemies. This makes fighting extremely entertaining, with its extremely simple yet fast-paced and challenging-to-master mechanics.The game is filled with cool secrets / extras that add tons of replay value along with the newly added steam achievements which will make you want to play through the game all over again.The soundtrack is asbolutely amazing and I loved every single track of it. I am going to play the hell out of this game and probabilly get as many as the achievements as I can."
,Recommended,223810,12040249,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,The Red Comet,"I purchased Ys I & II Chronicles+ when it was on sale. Ys I & II Chronicles+ is actually two games bundled into one, with Ys II being a direct sequel to Ys I. These games are short. Each game took me about 8 hours to complete on normal difficulty. I filled out the notebook to get the steam achievements so it probably took a bit longer than average. I've heard the game can be frustrating to beat on harder difficulties but I have yet to try. The game works great with my Logitech F310 gamepad and I preferred control through the gamepad rather than the keyboard. Overall, a great game with an intriguing fantasy setting that JRPG lovers should enjoy."
,Recommended,223810,8240562,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Chizu,"Time to bump the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of some dudes, yo."
,Recommended,223810,7989257,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,TERATICUS,Great game!
,Recommended,223810,7763095,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,John4300,"Ys I & II Chronicles plus is a remake of the first Ys games from '87 and '88, offering some old school fun for fans of the Ys series who want to see how the story started or to relive the old times.For those familiar with the other games of the Ys series, like Ys Origins on Steam, this game is more like older 2D Zelda games. It features a ""Bump combat system"" which makes combat simplier (You only need to hit enemies from corner without pressing a button, this doesn't apply for bosses however) and a magic system on Ys 2, but this doesn't make things less fun: You'll be fighting tough, fast paced enemies and bosses like usual, rocking to a great soundtrack!While simplier than the newer games, these games offer a good look to how the series started with beautiful 2D graphics, 3  soundtracks to choose from for those who want those old chip-tune sounds or modern studio performance music and a well done english translation.If you love old style 2D action games or want to see how the Ys series started, I highly recommend this game: It'll give you your money worth of old school goodness!"
,Recommended,223810,8973257,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,PogiNate,"Sure, the battle system is a little weird, but these two games have a great story, great music, and are genuinely fun to play. There's a ton to do, lots of side quests, some genuinely funny writing, and some twists that are actually pretty surprising."
,Recommended,223810,8294767,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Butta Toastto,ITS JUST LIKE MY JAPANESE ANIMES!!!
,Recommended,223810,1094895,"Posted: 10 August, 2013",all,[nBn] Beebs,"These are pretty much two halves of a single game, totaling about 20-30 hours of play, more if you hunt achievements. The battle system takes a bit of getting used to but once you get it, is a lot of fun and incredibly fast-paced. Has a few old-skool foibles (save often!) but still stands up well. Superb soundtrack (choice of 3!) and fun story and characters. I'd still recommend Ys Origin as a point of entry to the series but Chronicles nonetheless comes highly rated."
,Recommended,223810,13174461,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,ero.sennin,"Going into this i did not know what to expect since this plays different compared to the newer Ys. Gameplay is fairly simple, you run into the monster to attack but it gets challenging on higher difficulties. If the older sprites arent a turn off give this one a chance as both games are good fun."
,Recommended,223810,24982804,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,interesting Output,"This is a full version of Ys I & II as it was released on early machines, with a visual and audible modernisation ""glaze"", both which can be reverted to the original format if you so wish.This game chronicles the beginnings of Adol, a recurring protagonist of the Ys series that starts 700 years after Ys Origin. Most of the two games surround one of the main 'evils' encountered, which manifest in two forms -- one at the end of each game.Combat in Ys I & II is awkward at the beginning, as it involves Adol bumping into enemies to attack them. To prevent return damage, he has to bump off-center or at the side. This eliminates the need of button-mashing and simplifies grinding -- even more so in Ys II. The audio is perfect for the two games.Overall, what you are getting is the original experience, not some rework treatment like Ys: Oath in Felghana -- but these two games stand alone for its simplicity and engaging storyline."
,Recommended,223810,3543742,"Posted: 26 February, 2013",all,Detective Dojima,"It's absolutely shocking how these games built around running into enemies can hold up this well decades after release. They play like 16-bit JRPGs in fast forward, keeping a steady yet brisk pace throughout its 10+ hour adventure while still building a believable, breathing world. Also, like all Falcom games, they feature some truly badass music."
,Recommended,223810,560146,"Posted: 17 February, 2013",all,Qviss,One of the forgotten franchises that needs more recognition.  Ys I and it's sequel are remembered best for their great soundtrack that has been remixed countless of times by Falcom and fans alike.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=nJQdOIAo7Tkhttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J3CNy_PvyBAhttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Y9Mam93QIQo
76561198035631003,Recommended,223810,4331479,"Posted: 13 July, 2013",all,WhiteWolf-BoE,I've always loved the Ys series. I recommend playing any Ys game you can get your hands on. Always have a great storyline.
76561198017186436,Recommended,223810,8461512,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Mad Hatter,"Ys 1 & 2 are two fantastic games and will entertain you for many hours. Especially when you consider when the game was originally created, you simply can't help but be astounded by it. At least that's what i felt. Grab it, it's definitely worth your money, and maybe these two games will encourage you to try the  other Ys games out!"
76561198077255791,Recommended,223810,10690984,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,SonicAeon,"Beautifully remastered port of Ys I and II. The Ys's series soundtrack is simply amazing. Even if you happen to dislike the original clunky ""Bump"" combat system unlike the newer/modern Ys games you should really have a listen to this game's OST as well as the Ys series in general."
76561197961627954,Recommended,223810,93669,"Posted: 14 February, 2013",all,VenomForge,"(10/10) My old Sega master system game from 1987 ""Ys the vanished omens"" in it's graficly enhanced version and the sequel. Old style RPG for any true RPG fans."
,Recommended,223810,7335813,"Posted: 7 October, 2013",all,sh0ck,Great if you're an old RPG fan
,Recommended,223810,8713111,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Eldrants,"well the battle system is a bit hard at first but once you know it, it easier because it is different or you could say you barely do any action, you just need to know the spot. thats it... but that sounds like i was only talking about Ys I not Ys II. in Ys II, there is an addition to the battle system. the battle system is somewhat addictive. great story. best with controller."
,Recommended,223810,1386064,"Posted: 26 July, 2013",all,Chinese Cartoon Character,"It's like Zelda on bumper cars. And it's awesome.Don't let the fact that Chronicles doesn't have an attack button turn you off this game, that mechanic is what makes Ys I+II unique from other games and makes you think about how you should literally approach enemies. The music, originally written by Yuzo Koshiro, is amazing as expected from Falcom and you can switch between three different versions of the soundtrack:1. The original PC-88 version2. The Complete version, which is a somewhat enhanced version of the PC-88 soundtrack3. The Chronicles version, which is played live with actual instruments and not FM-synthesized like the previous twoIn short, get this game. In case this game is too old-school for you or you want a more modern Ys game, check out Ys Oath in Felghana or Ys Orgins. Both of them are on Steam."
76561198021615263,Recommended,223810,7778743,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Thundergun Express,"You should only buy this if you are a serious fan of the Ys series.  The story is what you would expect from a very old game, but you will love it if you played Origins or Oath in Felghana.  Soundtrack is fantastic with all three different options to choose from, it's hard to go wrong with any of them.  The bump attack mechanic is a bit basic, but it will grow on you if you find all of the intriguing things you can do wth it.  I played the games on hard and got a very good challange out of playing both the games, but got stuck on a few bosses.  Overall I had a great time with the games and they are worth getting if your a fan of the Ys series."
,Recommended,223810,28892583,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,haedaeso,"A bundle of the first two games that launched the large and expansive Ys series, modernized but still in the spirit of the originals. Something that I find to be a really nice touch - you have a choice of the character art and music you want to experience the games with, your options are taken from some of the older various remakes these games have seen. You can also change the art and music from one style to another in the options menu at any time. An enjoyable introduction to Ys and the best place to start.I remember playing these games many years ago and the nostalgia factor might be there to some extent but I love the extra features. The graphics are also very much improved and updated from the original versions, while remaining in the old pixel art style."
,Recommended,223810,24767831,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Chirpy13,"Ys I & II Chronicles is a much improved remake of the 1987/1988 Falcom games for the NEC PC88 and PC98 computers.  The two games are essentially one, with II being a direct sequel to I.  Unlike most Ys games, where the events are loosely connected and don't need to be played in any particular order, Ys I and II should be played together, in order.  I also personally recommend these games as an introduction to the series, as they introduce some of the main recurring characters of the series.  Both games come with 3 soundtracks - the original PC88 version, the Ys I & II Complete version, and the Ys I & II Chronicles version.  While I personally have a love for the FM synth of the original (PC98 VGM is amazing), all 3 soundtracks are fantastic and there's really no ""best"" version.  Having multiple choices was a very nice touch from Falcom.  With introductions out of the way though, let's get into the individual games.- Ys I -Ys I is a mediocre game with an odd charm.  While not nearly as good as its sequel, it's still a nice game.  Much of the time there's little clue where to go or what to do, but something about freely roaming the world talking to NPCs to find a clue as to what to do next reminds me of a simpler time and just has a nice feeling to it.  Also, unlike many RPGs, every NPC has a name and a small sense of uniqueness that makes the interactions with them more enjoyable.  This is honestly one of my favorite parts of this game, and of Falcom games in general.The combat is pretty simplistic in Ys - bumping into enemies will damage them, but hitting them head-on will hurt you a lot as well, so you must hit them from off-center to avoid taking damage.  It's a nice system, and I like it, but it wasn't executed as well as it could have been in this game.  You reach the maximum level about halfway through the game, which makes fighting enemies feel unrewarding for the remainder.  The boss design also a bit poor, which is sad.  They're functional and not really ""bad"", but they're still some of the poorer-quality bosses of the series.  That said, while the gameplay is a touch mediocre, the characters, story, and music still work well to make the game feel nice despite its flaws.- Ys II -Ys II is the direct sequel to Ys I, taking place immediately after the events of its prequel.  This game takes everything that made Ys I good, and makes it better.  Then it takes everything that was bad about Ys I, and makes it good.  The game's progression feels so much smoother and more straight-forward than the first, and the combat system has been improved by adding magic to the mix.  Early in the game, Adol will gain access to his first spell, a chargable fireball spell, giving more choice in combat alongside the traditional bump-combat.  The boss design has also stepped up from mediocre to magnificent.  Ys II's bosses are very much up to par with the later installments of the series, and are by far the best of the 2d games.  Most bosses can only be damaged by the fireballs, giving them a shoot-em-up type feel, where you must dodge their attacks while shooting them with your charged up fireballs.  Also, unlike the first game, Adol will level up continually throughout the entire game, and experience gains are now adjusted relative to the difference in levels from enemies, helping to keep the player from being over or under leveled.  There's also lots of small touches to the game that add so much to it, such as being able to give gifts to NPCs for additional dialogues or other small secrets.  Ys II is a fantastic game and one of the best in the series, definitely standing up well alongside its 3d successors.  I highly recommend it."
,Recommended,223810,23192178,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Honkotron,"People play Ys Origin/Oath and buy this expecting the same stuff, then get surprised when its old schoolJust look at them trailers/pics and tell me with a straight face that you expect it to play like the newer entries in the seriesI personally prefer this combat system over Final Fantasy or Dragon Warrior's, because it is simple, fast, and goes excellently to advance the rather simple story of ""You are Adol, Hero of Ys. Defeat X and save the day!""The combat system works for its time, the remastered graphics and music are great. Bosses are hard until you memorize their pattern, which applies to most bosses in video games of that time period.Get this if you want to experience the legend, but go in with the mindset of reading a book, not watching a movie."
76561198026122767,Recommended,223810,23033570,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Miz,"These games are worth buying for the chance to try out the interesting combat system.It's not just ""run into enemies"" combat. That will just lead to you getting quickly killed.It's about running into an enemy from a proper angle that is facing away from their attacking area. There is a bit of nuance to this, and different enemies requires different areas to to be charged into.There are also other gameplay systems, but their influence ranges from minimal to very miminal.The soundtrack is also very harmonious for this type of experience. You will quickly see what I mean.The (possible) downside------The setting and aesthetics of this game are very typical late 80s anime.The (probable) downside------The boss fights are not fully cooperational with the gameplay. They don't always feel properly designed. (though they are much better in YS ll )"
,Recommended,223810,8356731,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,SketchPC,"Absolutley amazing game! I feel it has a great story and I do like the combat system. The combat system is what makes the game truely refreshing, relaxing, and different (In a good way) The combat is literally just you running/sliding past the AI enemy. When you hit them from the front you get hurt too. This may sound easy but it can be difficult, no lie. This game offers a truely rewarding feeling when you complete a dungeon or kill a boss/mini boss due to their difficulty. All though this game was great and had some pretty hard moments, especially in the last dungeon, the game felt a bit short. I completed Ys 1 in 8 hours or so, and still have yet to beat Ys 2. So for this game I give it a 9/10! Hopefully you guys will enjoy this game as much as I did. :)"
76561198010483339,Not Recommended,223810,15293092,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,TrickyTraegs,"Most of the reviews in here tend to think people are whining because the game feels dated. The reason this game isn't good is because the game mechanics aren't good. You attack things by running into them, you get no additional ways to attack (read: magic), the way you beat the game is by running into things until you're strong enough to run into other things. Taking too much damage from those enemies in the mine? Run into things until you can 1 shot them. I played it on Nightmare until almost the end of the game, then I realized I was playing a cursor simulator. There are SOOOO many better action RPGs out there to spend your money on."
,Recommended,223810,10270390,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Ness,"Great game. First time I played, I was just delighted. It's not complicated, the story is not as cliché as other games, music is a lot better than the original and the gameplay, despite being different to the first versions, is still good. Even though the bump system, and item use in Ys II gets kinda annoying sometimes, you get used to it. And once you master those, game's a piece of cake. Worth buying if you love old japanese action-rpgs."
,Recommended,223810,13897496,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,SJ-Toongamer,"Beautiful game! Awseome music! And the gameplay is pretty good. Though if most of you want to play a more earlier version of Ys 1 and 2, I recommend the Turbografx 16 version. Still this game is good and will always be a favorite of mine."
76561198013349628,Recommended,223810,8786159,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Ratty,"If I had to sum up the experience of Ys I & II in one word it would be ""Charming"".Both games are very short compared to your average jRPG and the stories fit together really well, so that it's like playing two halves of the same great title. The sprite and character portrait artwork, whether you choose the older or newer style for portraits, is beautiful. As are the soundtracks. Likewise the bump combat system is fun and fast once you get into it (I highly recommend using a controller) and the magic system mixes things up a bit for boss battles in Y II.While I don't think there's a bad song in either game, they do suffer a bit from a shortage of tracks. Most areas have only one song, and some songs are spread out over several areas. This problem is alleviated somewhat by the ability to change which version of the soundtrack you're listening to on the fly. Tired of the Chronicles orchestration? Switch to the Complete edition's midi rendition, tired of that? Switch to the original PC-88 version. You can do the same for character portrait style if you want to change that at any point in the game.Probably the biggest problem with this package is the bosses for Y I, in that they're all terrible and mostly very easy. The Ys I end boss battle is especially bad because it hinges a great deal on luck. But don't let these minor annoyances stop you from enjoying two beautiful and surprisingly touching classics of the jRPG genre. Playing them it's not hard to see why they spawned such an enduring franchise. And honestly how many games let you turn into a kangaroo monster and go back to speak to every non-boss enemy in the game if you want to?"
,Recommended,223810,9683234,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,twitch.tv/tofutehsurvivor,It's one of those games you'll kick yourself for not playing sooner if you have any amount of weeaboo pride in you.
,Recommended,223810,2091689,"Posted: 14 February, 2013",all,Adol,Nightmare difficulty Dark Fact is full on ♥♥♥♥ YOU mode.
76561198080845037,Recommended,223810,8762743,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,SirByrt,"A pretty good game.  An interesting take on the action RPG style, but still a fun one.  The amount of gameplay is not actually that much, I'd say easily less than 10 hours, but the game is fun and captivating.  Grinding to level up or get gold is a bit time consuming at first, but it is easy to become overpowered pretty early in the game."
,Recommended,223810,20052302,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,{DLG} <Marco Polonium>,"Pros:Great SoundtrackFast-paced, non-repetitive gameplayAwesome Boss fightsGood StoryCons:not enough Feenarelatively short (it took me 10 hours to beat the first game, I'm a few hours into the second)Overall I highly reccomend YS I+II Chronicles, it is the difintive way to play YS 1 and 2."
76561198072576736,Recommended,223810,22504281,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Stable.Boy,"The lore is Interesting. the bump combat system makes the game more easier to be played, although the last boss slightly threw my experience of the whole game because of it's lack of tactics and strategic design. One of the hardest boss that I had fought.11/10 would get dark facted again!"
,Recommended,223810,32756919,Posted: 24 June,all,Quest,"I bought these games Thursday and I just finished Ys II. Suffice it to say, I fell head over heels in love with this series super fast. The combat is different, sure. But it's the world building, story, characters and the adventure that are truely the highlights of these two games. I was constantly in awe of how much the game made me think and fumble my way around. Ys I is amazing and Ys II is phenomenal. If you have an itch for a JRPG and want to try an underrated gem, look no farther than Ys I and II Chronicles+."
,Recommended,223810,33291515,Posted: 5 July,all,huskobon,"Classic, old school, and a challenge.Ys I & II Chronicles is a good remake spin on a old school way of gaming. This is a fun RPG set that's fast paced, fun, and has outstanding music!  At the time of this review i've finished Ys I, and am currently working on Ys 2, but i've seen enough to work this review.   The games are well developed and actually well balanced in several aspects. Game makes you feel powerful and gives you lots of levels for grinding, but does a good job keeping you down until you get your next set of equipment. The challenges of this game are actually very reminiscent of Zelda 1 in the aspect of exploration and  discovery. The game will give you clues, but will not hold your hand. If you don't pay attention, you can get lost on what to do. Details are in the text, and the rest is up to you to discover how to bridge the next piece of the story. This is a good reminder of a time before the internet and walkthroughs, and how you needed to be in charge of the game and make your way through on your own.  I won't spoil any story points, but I can say that it can be REALLY challenging at times.Music is outstanding, as I mentioned with a lot of great multi-instrumental sounds based on where you are, and it never gets old. These are the kind of tunes for your gaming music playlist.Sound is pretty typical, no voice acting, and without music, it's just a bunch of floor tapping and sword swiping, so nothing too great there.Controls are okay.  The combat is a bumper system, which is another old school RPG method. Kind of interesting to play it in a modern time, but it's simple. In Ys II you get magic, and casting is just A, so that's about the only innovative thing. To talk to people, you just bump into them as well.Overall, Ys Chronicles is a great game. It's not perfect, and can be frustrating at times too, but a great game because it's classic, and not catering to the player. It welcomes the player to think and figure out the story. They give you the string, and you follow it.  This is a perfect game for those who loved Zelda 1, and other old school style RPG's!EDIT : I want to add, that the ability to change from modern to classic graphics was a nice touch too. Art work differences is something interesting to look at.7.5/10"
,Recommended,223810,530976,"Posted: 5 August, 2013",all,Crache,"Ys I & II use a different combat system than the newer games in that you only have to walk into enemies to attack them and the direction that you walk into them determines if you will take damage.  In Ys II you do get some direct magical attacks, though they are mostly useful for boss fights.  It keeps the pace of combat pretty quick and really almost relaxing.The storylines aren't bad for a JRPG, the music is really high quality and the games aren't all that long assuming you don't try to be more comprehensive with achievements and such.  The games are designed to encourage grinding before boss fights, but I never had to spend unbearable lengths of time doing so in order to progress. There are sections of both games that can be a bit convoluted or would require a bit of running around/backtracking to figure out and find missable or hidden items, so I would suggest using walkthroughs for a number of areas in the interest of time.The only bug I encountered was with the final boss of Ys I, where running the game in fullscreen causes him to spam projectiles at insane speeds, so change it to windowed mode before then and then back to fullscreen before the ending if you prefer.  Might only occur on 120hz displays.Both games come with a launcher that lets you set the visual mode to Chronicles+, which gives you a better fullscreen view without all of the fluff around the edges, adds improved art and I think more cinematics as well.  Definitely turn that on, as I don't think it is by default.In the end, if older JRPG games appeal to you then these are great quality PC releases.  I wanted to go through them to get some context before playing Ys: The Oath in Felghana which is the remake of Ys III."
,Recommended,223810,2021112,"Posted: 29 August, 2013",all,Netherfiend,"If you're a fan of really old school rpgs, with no real direction on where to go and a fair amount of grinding, then this is a solid choice. It's fairly short at about 4 hours, but an enjoyable story, good graphics, and a rockin' soundtrack!"
,Recommended,223810,4159147,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,Schlubotipelto,The first game will help Ys you into the series.
,Recommended,223810,7849968,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,The Kurgan,"If you are a fan of old old school action rpgs than you will probably like Ys I & II. Not as good as the other Ys games available on steam and a bit primative in the combat system but I did like them both. I would say I enjoyed Ys II better than I though as it was pretty simple game(but not easy...no no not easy especially, because Ys I maxes out a low level so no grinding ot make yourself uber on that one)."
76561198052349830,Recommended,223810,10356407,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,boonybear95,very good game old but fun
,Recommended,223810,1917457,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,schpeltiger,You kill enemies by bumping into them while listening to this rad♥♥♥♥♥field music.http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HplgXxaKu5c
,Recommended,223810,4492848,"Posted: 5 August, 2013",all,Rogerz,"The combat system is kinda weird at first, but it's not that hard to learn how to properly attack and you MUST give it a try, just don't give up.Ys I is too much limited, you can only reach level 10 and that's it, after that any fight you engage is completely pointless (unless you are an achievement maniac like me XD).Ys II has improved a lot, max level is 55, the bump system received a little boost and guess what, now you can use magic!Regarding the difficulty, even though I played both games on Nightmare, I haven't found many difficulties throughout the game, so I think Ys Origin and The Oath in Felghana much more challenging than Ys I & II.Some achievements are very funny to accomplish and some are kinda... weird... Just tell me another game that you can get the ""measures"" of a girl in a creepy corner of a dungeon? LOL.What about the soundtrack? Ahh, the soundtrack! It's great as always. I loved it so much!And if you enjoyed Ys Origin's story, you'll enjoy Ys I & II story as well.So, I highly recommend all Ys games. It's a shame that this franchise is not as popular as it deserved to be."
,Recommended,223810,8285459,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Cr1st0,I love the Ys Series and this one is as memorable as they come. The music is great. Highly Recommended if you like good RPG's and Zelda like gameplay!
,Recommended,223810,2845287,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,Buff Shrek,"Kick any semblance of combat to the curb in Yes Origins: Yes 1 & 2 Collection! Want to be an anime sprite but tired of choosing attacks from menus? Take control of Adol, the red haired anime who just wants to adventure. Adol wakes up to find himself up to his (your) neck in adventure and must uncomfortably bump his way out.Okay enough summary time for the review! *cracks knuckles* Ys Chronicles is a lazy game for newbs who don’t know how to play (or make??) a REAL RPG. Combat consists of you rubbing against an enemy until one of you explodes. I’m serious you can brush elbows with a Goblin and it’s just a horrible pixelated bloody mess everywhere. It’s an RPG where you must get a better sword and shield, like I haven’t seen THAT one before!So more anime shows up and there is a big tower? The story is elegant in its simplicity while the remade vendor graphics and sprites are charmingly well done so it’s like an indie game if it were made by real people in the late 80s. The explores are pretty phat too. Phat explores. A JRPG title with this little substance is never going to happen again folks. I’m trying to think of more to talk about but that is literally it. That’s all. That’s the whole two games. I think an NPC goes through a wall at one point which is a big deal to fans of the series.Features:- Late Game Bromance- Numbers Getting Bigger- Tale of Souls & SwordsLacks:- Light Hearted Minigame- Bros Before Hoes (#1reasonwhy)- Combat Gameplay MechanicsThis game does nothing for me because I don’t own a single wall scroll. All I need is Rockstar Energy.--Maxim Magazine9 / 10   “It gets hard and is an anime with a story. True born classic.” - Famitsu Magazine3        out of 5.    - Xplay9 / 10   “I can eat food with one hand and play with the other.” - PC GamerIf you liked our review check us out on the web. Make sure to like us on Facebook and follow us on Twitter. One lucky commenter will win a copy of the game but it will just be my friend at the office who wins again."
76561197967892640,Recommended,223810,8461003,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Don Pazuzu,Yeah old school tgcd 16 remake .The graphx are 10 /10 out ten . Steam should also remake Y's 3as well .  Nice .
,Recommended,223810,8614631,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Sham,"This game is awesome, and it comes down to the battle mechanics.HOW DOES ADOL FIGHT? HE RUNS AT HIS ENEMIES AND BUMPS THEM TO DEATH! It's got a tactical poke-in-the-butt system that works for a lot of encounters in interesting ways, characters that have reactions to interesting things, interesting ways to do things, and interesting levels of perversion.If you need a game where you can beat things up by running full-bore at them, this is a MUST-HAVE."
,Recommended,223810,7667657,"Posted: 15 November, 2013",all,Spieler6,Such intriguing story happening on so little island!
,Recommended,223810,6430740,"Posted: 13 July, 2013",all,Korotinkle,"Old school RPG gameplay, simple and fun gameplay mechanic, and damn great music by the Falcom Sound Team JDK. This is a good old school RPG that RPG fans will enjoy."
,Recommended,223810,8242257,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Nikoran,"I found my time with this pack to be a good time. While the story wasn't very engaging for me, I kept coming back for its challenging gameplay. The battle system may be a bit outdated but one you get the hang of it, you'll love it.I recommend this to anyone who is looking for a game to challenge their skills."
,Recommended,223810,9485046,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,aronorth,Just like my chineese cartoons 10/10
76561198024523999,Recommended,223810,9462017,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,ToxicRancor,"This is probably one of the best jrpg's i've ever played, it is a bit old school meaning you will find yourself reloading a lot but after defeating your first boss it makes you feel like a bad♥♥♥♥♥ It is in my opinion the best in the ys series. Of course I have enjoyed all the games in series so far. If you like this one then you will like all of them."
,Recommended,223810,24779911,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,shrimp,AaaaaaaAaaaaAAAAAa　SO Yummy Hungry…あぁぁぁぁぁぁGAGAGAGAGAGAっがaaaaaaa
01000100011001010,Recommended,223810,13469988,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Detlik,Marvelous hard bumper cart RPG
76561198156724515,Recommended,223810,12487731,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,rochmustang,"The key to push forward in any Ys (pronounced eese) game is to grind to level up and also save ALOT. I saved immediately after I get items and stand in front of a bosses door. And as for leveling up, some bosses are hard if you don't level up.As for the game itself, there was something lacking with this version versus the TurboGrafx version that lost it's charm, however it is still a fun game to play. The list below metions some of the bad parts of the game.- Why isn't there a front entrance to Minea?- Triggers to make the game progress are SO ANNOYING (ie. Jeva, Feena)- Why must I EAT the Rhoda tree seed? This was not in the original.- The last thing is the annoying amulet you must get in the tower after climing all the way up to the top. This also annoyed me in the original TurboGrafx version.Overall, the music was spectacular, but still doesn't compare to the Turbo Grafx version. Something is just missing.Great old school game!! But play the Wii/Turbo version if you want a better game.And as for all you whiny babies who need to swing a sword and stopped playing because of it, give it another try! There is nothing like ramming into monsters when you are fully powered and acting like you are playing Zelda on crack.I give this game an 8.5. The TurboGrafx/wii version a 10."
92354353256542521,Recommended,223810,17976872,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Zan,The game's config gave me a desktop Waifu.
,Recommended,223810,9575499,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,BananaJane,
76561198098200486,Recommended,223810,9244953,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Honest_FitOtaku,JDK Band is great
76561197985782228,Recommended,223810,8462807,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Positive Touch,"did you enjoy gaming in the 80s? if so, YOU NEED THESE GAMES. classic action-adventure titles that still hold up perfectly today. nostalgia gaming doesnt get better than this"
,Recommended,223810,8734605,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,PK SPACE JAM,"A very good classic jrpg, but thats misleading, its more like zelda but features a unique and fun bumping combat mechanic that is a blast and a welcome change from the normal turn based mechanics."
,Recommended,223810,14200385,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,TheLegendOfW,"After completing Ys I and just finished Ys II. I can now write my review of this classic RPG title.Ys I & II Chronicles+ is a mix of both the first and second titles that I have no clue how I never knew about. It is one of those amazing JRPGs that perhaps not many know about.Ys I is a very short and simple game compared to the slightly longer Ys II, but it introduced me to a unique battle system I didn't expect, the Bump system. Tho I was a bit weirded out by this, I quickly started to enjoy the combat, I started to believe that some recent RPGs like Half Minute Hero may have been influced by Ys, but now I'm just rambling away. Going back to the review, Ys I will not hold your hand and lead you to the quest, that is for you to discover, something I honestly enjoyed as many games tend to hold your hand and lead you without thinking for yourself.The music for both titles is absolutely amazing and well done, personally my favorite was the Complete version, and I played that soundtrack in its entirety through both games the majority of the time. The world of Ys itself is beautiful to view, even with the good old graphics. The game is filled with great characters to meet and talk to, you may grow attached to some of them on your journey.The story of Ys I & II will captivate you, it presents a great story for such a small package. The enemies are difficult depending on how much you grind and what weapons you buy/find on your journey. I advise those to grind a few extra levels for good measure, especially the 2nd game as the first, you'll max out very quickly. The one thing I want you to remember is when you meet Dark Fact, he will show no mercy to the weak, if you are hardcore, Dark Fact will behappy to see you over and over again.Overall Ys I & II are classics I wished I played in the past, but thankfully it is never too late to discover amazing games now matter how old they are. Now I am interested in playing the other titles in the franchise, thus I have become a fan. You will not regret playing these games."
,Recommended,223810,8763820,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,APmax,"Underrated beyond belief, buy it if you like JRPG's and being lazy with this awesome bump system. You could play with one hand (controller). And it screams to be used with a controller. I recommend starting on Normal and then move to Hard. But some things get pretty cryptic."
76561198050675475,Recommended,223810,8804965,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,p0k3sMoT42o,"I'm torn on this one. Whereas with the TG-16 version of the game, I loved Ys 1, and loathed Ys 2. With Ys 1&2 Chronicles+, I loathe Ys 1, yet love Ys 2. The bumping in the first one just feels off, it's almost like both the analogue and 8-directional controls ruin it, IDK how since I didn't have the same problem in the second game. I say play the TG-16 version of the first one, and only play this for the second game. Overall, Ys 2 on this compilation is the best out of the 4 games/versions, so it's most definitely worth playing.. Hope I made sense =P"
76561198032117184,Recommended,223810,11173247,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Captin Soja,"It is a fun game, the story seems solid enough. Combat is simple, just bump ememies.That being said, it is a JRPG so expect it to be tough. If you want to see how tough watch an LP showing the bosss fights. Mainly the bat Boss. So I recomend it as it is 2 games, but be ready for some frustration."
,Recommended,223810,11214723,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,kaitak,"As someone who has played the original Ys games before they started gaining a following; I am satisfied with my purchase. Let me begin with saying that this collection is the ideal remake for a game. These two games are fairly close to the originals with the second game straying a little farther than the first. HOWEVER, if you do not like classic JRPG games the game might feel a little too simple for you. The bump battle system turns off a lot of people due to its' simplicity; it was implemented in a time where it had to deal with the limitations of the Sega Master System, and the Famicom. I suppose you could say this is one of the original ARPGs due to Ys' unique active battle system. Like most Falcom games the OST is pretty good so that shouldn't be an issue. If you want to take advantage of the replay value of these games; there is a Time Attack mode available for anyone who wants to speedrun the game. These games however are not difficult at all, and you can take advantage of the bump system VERY easily. You will be rewarded for grinding in this game, because a single level difference can make a big deal. To be more concise; this is a great collection of two JRPG classics, and I recommend them to anyone interested in the genre."
,Recommended,223810,11226830,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Cyndikate,"Yes! This brings me back to old school RPGs. It's a difficult game, and it forces you to think. Casual players beware. I've never played the PSP version of the game and it brings so much nostalgia. If you want to go back in time where games don't cater to the brainless, pick up this and other games in the Ys series."
76561198027929653,Recommended,223810,8775954,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,RawrRiceball,"I'm just going to say this once, buy Ys I & II Chronicles +. It's an action-rpg at it's simplest. If you like running into monsters without having to wait for turns then this is a game for you. I liked both, but in my opinion the second game is much better. While the first game is 5 hours long, the second one will take you around 8-13 hours to beat.Audio: If you don't like Yuzo Koshiro for some odd reason, then you shouldn't get this game. You'll hear classical pieces, and then some heavy rock sounds with the coolest solos in a rpg game. The music likes to let you know that you're a badass who just can just kill anything if you run into them.Graphics: It's a 2d sprite based game, with a bit of 3d objects into the mix. While it doesn't really matter, enemies and characters look well in 16-bit sprites. Plus, Lilia and Feena are hot so points to them too.Gameplay: You just run into things for the first game, and in the second game, you can use magic while running into things to kill bosses and monsters ( Fire is OP though ). There's a small mix of puzzles but you backtrack to places which can be repeitive sometimes. Dungeons are pretty big, and you can get lost ( I did too ) but it's not so bad.Replayability: I wouldn't replay the game unless you're doing achivements honestly. There's Time Attack which is essentially boss rush.Falcom, you got me hooked onto the Ys series. Now I have to buy their games too!"
,Recommended,223810,8979615,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Patati,Great Game!
,Recommended,223810,11198473,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,AsatorPrime,I can't believe I had never heard of Ys before buying this on steam. A real gem of a game.
,Recommended,223810,9154288,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Lonetrey,"A refreshing change of pace! This game is definitely an example of a retro-stryle of gaming.I'll warn the readers RIGHT NOW. You probably need a gaming controller to play this, because it utilizes this rather unique (read: slightly annoying sometimes) combat system called the ""bump system"". You run into enemies to hurt them. So with a keyboard, it's rather hard to maneuver sometimes. But if you go into this game with an open mind and expectations of a challenge like I did, it's rather fun.I am nearly finished the first game, Ys 1 (95%, at the final boss and stuck! Haha -_-""), and the difficulty of the game is rather good! I'm only playing on normal mode, and it's harder than most games today. In comparison with other RPG games readers might have played,Ys 1 is HARD in my opinion so it may not be for everyone] I've yet to play Ys 2, but I hear it's a great improvement upon Ys 1, so I imagine it can only get better.My overall score for the game is 8/10.It's retro, it's has nice neat illustrations/graphics that give the player a feeling of playing a piece of the past, and the music is not bad."
,Recommended,223810,8749501,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Trismegistus,"If you like classic RPG games, this is a game for you.  The art reminds me of the Remastered Final Fantasy games on PSP.  The combat in the game(s) are rather fun, just run into the enemies at an angle to hit them.  The bump system takes a while to get used to, but once you do it is very satisfying."
,Recommended,223810,9120688,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Eon Strife,"A remake of the cult-favourite action RPGs from Nihon Falcom (thanks to XSEED for bringing it to Steam). Very simplistic but fast-paced action RPGs with minimal button inputs, as you bump into the enemies in order to defeat them (we cannot just bump in anyway we want, we need to bump with a slight offset in order not to get damage). The games are very recommended, they are pretty simple and fun, and not overly complicated like recent games."
,Recommended,223810,12830118,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Yamitus,"Almost as good adventuring game as Zelda games, musics are high class, graphics are perfect for game such this and story is amazing. All you need for a perfect game."
,Recommended,223810,12743316,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Nicorobin,"Classic.  Remember sitting watching my brother-in-law play Ys I on his Turbo Graphix as a child.  Ahhh  1989.  This game gets an upgrade from the original Turbo Graphix version in terms of graphics otherwise it remains the same.   Keep in mind if buying that this game is now 25 years old just with enhanced graphics and it's still a treasure.  Ys II is my favorite of the two, but you should play Ys I for the story of course.  Ys I and Ys II will always hold a special place in my heart <3"
76561198253575727,Recommended,223810,25960902,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Easter,噩梦难度是免费的心脏强化运动-_-
76561198044485179,Recommended,223810,11285877,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Get Nep'd,"Game is pretty good, I'll say this, but I encountered an issue where the game seems to house a trojan in one of its files and once removed, it makes the game not even boot up at all, let alone even able to update anything.But other than that (I seriously hope they fix this issue) it's pretty fun and gives a good nostalgia factor with the Genesis-style music when enabled. Battle system's easy to pick up on but can be tough to master especially on bosses. Some stuff as well isn't easy to come by but that's a lot of what the old games were like. The achievements are pretty funny though.Anything if they fix the trojan issue, then I highly recommend the game and series. (Ys 1 has the issue, Ys 2 doesn't seem to though.)"
,Recommended,223810,31917862,Posted: 23 May,all,Roaming Ryu,The perfect introduction to the Ys series.
76561197970378993,Recommended,223810,13679229,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Circuitry,A must have for any JRPG fan.
76561198078729868,Recommended,223810,16641246,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,thanos29,For new gamers and old gamers its a must.
,Recommended,223810,8464065,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,YoGattoGatto,"I already had this on PSP, but this is so much better!Yeah yeah, same game... but way nicer on my TV and controller.GREAT SERIESGet the set, this is a steal for 4 dollars!"
76561198042481547,Recommended,223810,24115494,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Mizkaz,I hate bats
76561198013723081,Recommended,223810,9689873,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,RPG Gamer Man,"This is an ode to the classic games found on systems like Super Nintendo and Sega Genesis. If your a graphics freak, this is not your game as it is classic style graphics and won't have ones that ""blow your mind"". But if you like older games like me, and RPG's, then this game is perfect for everyone that likes the classic RPG style. I wish there was more games like this on Steam.."
76561198083410665,Recommended,223810,23176416,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,自由ギアス,Ys I:Great combat system very easy and simple to use with no 30 second random encounter load times.simple yet pleasing art style with amazing video and cinematic shots.only problems i had was getting lost very frequently on my first play through and on my second i didn't get lost anywhere near as often but the final boss i felt was just Pure luck.all in all a great game.Ys II i have yet to play.
76561197994133579,Recommended,223810,8501976,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,HEEEREFISHYFISHYFISHY,"This is a fun little game, with an easy 'bump' fight mechanic.  It's less tedious than some other RPGs out there because of it."
76561198114530550,Recommended,223810,8468998,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,cocobdcan,a wonderful classic of a game.great for old schoolers such as myself
,Recommended,223810,8381337,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Tigris,This is a great remake of an old game released on the SEGA Master systems and later remade on a few other consoles and we finally get to replay it on PC! If you like RPGs then get this game!
76561197994387037,Recommended,223810,8461783,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Anderic,"the Bump style combat is definitely not what sold this game for me, but eventually i came to enjoy grinding enemies wreckingball / Roller derby style"
76561198074551085,Recommended,223810,7914856,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,DeathStar,Pra quem gosta de joguinhos de rpg antigos estilo chrono trigger essa é uma ótima pedida :D
76561197977539443,Recommended,223810,8467275,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Ramba!,"Really fun game, and the music is pretty awesome."
,Recommended,223810,19430673,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Red,"I've decided to edit my review entirely.After wandering around aimlessly due to not being able to defeat the vampire boss of the Mines, I caved in and looked up a walkthrough, to discover that I was missing a silver sword which the game truly didn't convey nearly well enough.I'll gladly give the game the benefit of the doubt on that. Finding Rhea in the city walls would be a complete accident, but after that, the game does offer some hints on how and where to get the silver sword so I'll let it slide.Since the one thing that ruined the game has become clearer now, I'll be changing my recommendation to positive."
76561198255905725,Recommended,223810,34045427,Posted: 5 August,all,kimduyvo,"Since this product contains two games (or two of a half game to be honest) I will split this review in (somewhat) two parts.I started these games directly on the highest difficulty ""Nightmare"" (to obtain all achievements in one run).Ys 1 - Pros+ Battle System fast to learn: Bump offcenter into the enemy for attacking. That's practically it.+ Cool/Beautiful musicYs I - Contras- No variation to the battle system, that is, it gets boring- You will max out your level midgame- Some backtracking- Winning against the final boss seems somewhat random. I still don't know if I had the right strategy or if I was just incredibly lucky (of course I died many times)Ys II - Pros+ Improved battle system: Now you can use some magic!+ Challenging bossesYs II - Contras- Random Crashes upon saving / loading save files, if you do them often in a short period of time- Sometimes I got lost in the dungeon / not clear where to goIf you don't mind dying a lot, I can recommand these games."
76561198155643970,Recommended,223810,33591770,Posted: 16 July,all,Memento Mori,"As of this review, I have only finished the first game, but I want to recommend it right away. I would recommend this game just for Ys 1, it's amazing visuals, most atmospheric lore and tight gameplay. Yes, it is hard, sometimes punishingly so. I played at Normal difficulty(The classes are : Easy, Normal, Hard and Nightmare) and I still found the game difficult. But I found the game really engaging. I feel in love with everything this game had to offer. I really really recommend it. The only reason I would not recommend it is if dying turns you off a lot. This game is something to be experienced."
76561198031359979,Recommended,223810,8385430,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,fatal_fake,"It's pronouced ""ES"""
76561197990978121,Recommended,223810,12545302,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Jiburiruu,Awesome retro gameplay experience. Highly recomendet!
,Recommended,223810,12649838,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Ishvala,Classic Game that took 10 years to come to north america for computer or something like that.
,Recommended,223810,11191527,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,LupisLupine,Bump Combat. Seriously. I am going to try the bump system at my real life job it works so good in this game. I'l let you know...
76561198022909122,Recommended,223810,16591365,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Liggashem,"Are you tired of pushing a button to swing a sword?Do you want to show your might by pushing monsters out of the way?Then the Bump System is for you.The Combat is centered around pushing or bumping monsters with the hero.It seems odd at first but quickly becomes an easy, simple and brillant way to kill monsters and talk to people.Story:You are a sailing adventurer that shipwrecks into someone else's problems,You take on their problems to be the hero.You meet some girls that are more than they seem.Beat the bad guy and save the world.....not quite yet, start Ys II.There are also 2 different anime artstyles you can view the game in, chronicles or complete.Each one has slighty different drawings for people you meet and opening intros.These two games together are a spectacular example of well made rpgs.Both games in one package is a great deal."
,Recommended,223810,8465140,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Heretic,Play on Nightmare for proper satisfaction.
,Recommended,223810,35050233,Posted: 18 September,all,Apriarcy,"I decided to play Ys Origin before touching Ys 1 & Ys 2 and I sort of regret it. These games were excellent for their time, and kind of still are, but they feel like a major step backwards in regards to characters, story and gameplay. The ""big reveals"" throughout the story were mostly unexciting to me because I already knew who the characters were because of Ys Origin.Learn from my mistakes, play Ys 1 & Ys 2 before you play Origin. You'll be glad you did."
,Recommended,223810,10763288,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Zheios,This game is very fun and a great pick for any classic fantasy games ! The bosses are challenging and interresting.
76561197996544104,Recommended,223810,9902116,"Posted: 22 April, 2014",all,Luky153,"Fantastic gameplay, wonderful story, so much to do. Most fun in ages definately one to own.The music is phenominal and worth loading the game just for the soundtracks.Very challenging and entertaining for first time player. Starts a bit difficult but thats what the difficulty level is there for.Well worth spending time into this game if you enjoy RPG's."
,Recommended,223810,11168463,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Common Sense Bro,"Take note, this is how you do an Action RPG. Two games for the price of one, to boot. Would highly recommend."
76561198109900592,Recommended,223810,8736216,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Chauchy,"Amazing game, this game is an action/rpg at its finest. The story is well thought out, and doesnt get stale. It may be a little shorter than some other classic rpg's, but it's probably for the best, if that makes sense. the combat is unique, and uses a ""bumper"" style system, where you damage enemies by running into them, which might seem completely absurd at first, but after about 15 mins of playing, It's actually quite fun, and kind of addicting. Definitely check this out if you were ever into zelda, tales series, soul blazer series, or secret of mana series. 8.5/10-Chauchy"
,Recommended,223810,10442397,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Sauce Castillo,Are you a bad enough dude to save the bible?Hint: You probably aren't.
76561198065230632,Recommended,223810,13580891,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Torgaddon,"This is the text book definition of what a remake should be. The original game, with upgraded graphics and extra areas to explore. Loads more people to inteact with and the dificulty of the old games in tact. Not watered down in any way.10/10"
76561197973832609,Recommended,223810,13109795,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Hollowriller,"i really like the setting and story of thiese games, but they do have some quite step difficulty curves when it comes to bosses, (First game) it begins with the 3:rd boss that sometimes uses an attack that can spread to the whole room making it impossible to avoid and at higher difficulty you can die from a few of these, the other bosses are managable until the last dungeon where it has some of the best and worst examples of bosses i have seen in a long time,Bad1 boss you have to simply rush to defeat,1 with destructible floor that breaks when you attack him so you can't attack all the time but he also practicly drains your health every second with fireballs so you don't have much time to kill him, he does follow a path but he is faster than you so you can only strike him a few times every cykle and with the floor broken, maybe not at all. very frustrating boss that needs 90% luck.Good,1 you have to have patience and only strike at certain times making it nerve wrecking when it's almost dead,1 that follows a certain pattern and you can only attack him after he has attacked and if you are carefull can be beaten with full health remaining.the second part is more forgiving but it also has a few bosses that are anoying but not close to part 1:s last boss."
,Recommended,223810,24637570,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,arudo,"Just finished Ys I, and had a blast playing it. * It's damn hard.Made me realize that complex mechanisms or flashy skills aren't what makes a game fun; being simple has its own merit.Some things I enjoyed:- This may be normal but all those little details put into interactions with NPCs were cool- Great soundtrack that makes battles exciting; intro/cutscenes are great too and got me hooked into the game's atmosphere.- Difficulty system provides a good challenge. I spent hours trying to beatDark Fact, and words cannot describe how satisfying it was when I finally beat him."
76561198083465073,Recommended,223810,14937544,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,SaintDiam,"A very fun game, decent music, pretty good art. Overall, worth getting."
,Recommended,223810,8465716,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Mekiath,Bumper cars.
,Recommended,223810,8646748,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,zero604 ¦ вlϊтz,this game plays like a game
76561198005389543,Recommended,223810,7363629,"Posted: 11 October, 2013",all,Guys... I Sense A Rogue....,Fun RPG. Fairly cheap and worth the cost if you enjoy JRPG-esk games.
76561198006388638,Recommended,223810,7851986,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Sharkey,"Great fun rpg, with fun combat system."
,Recommended,223810,9085347,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Looseminded,"If the only reason you buy this game is for the soundtrack, it is absolutely worth it.  I loved this game and series as a whole (Started with Ys III on the Genesis when I was about 8).  The game gives you several difficulty settings which III didn't offer, and I loved that fact.  However, I do feel like the Magic system in Ys II makes the game slightly more trivial as there are times when you can simply be all like ""Well, I have magic, so stay away, I'll just blow fireballs at you and watch you keel over as I gain XP.""That said, these games are two amazing uses of your time.  Hard is actually HARD, especially in Ys I."
76561198000389773,Recommended,223810,9128477,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Kzinssie,"The developers of this game made a battle system that can be accurately summarized as ""run into the other guy"" and made it interesting and distinctive. The plot is standard 8-bit JRPG fare, but I kinda like that."
76561198017292896,Recommended,223810,10167378,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,TallWhites.02,"In my opinion : Don't hesitate, buy it and play this classic japanese action rpg. However compared to the Pc engine version this is not a full voice version but the game reminds me the best moments I spent with my Duo-RX. (twenty years ago !)"
,Recommended,223810,9940498,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Wariosei,"I have never played one, but this game gives you a feeling of old-school RPG. You literally run through enemies, destroying ones who you outlevel but dying to ones that outrank you. Uncompleted at the time of this review, but so far it has been a fun ride. The old-fashioned style might turn off those who prefer modern games, and its admittably a bit grindy, but it has quite a lot of nostalgic value."
,Recommended,223810,9742548,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,ME,A briliant version of the first two games. If on sale 100% buy !
,Recommended,223810,8748651,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,More like Rai-don't!,"This game is basically Bumper Cars the RPG, so if you dig bumper cars and RPGs, this game is for you."
76561198064623423,Recommended,223810,9470558,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Fishman98,pretty cool
,Recommended,223810,10516323,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,leathco,"This has been my first experience with the Ys games, and its overall been an enjoyable experience so far.  The combat system takes some getting used to.  Most RPGs bring you to a Final Fantasy style or Dragon Quest style turn based system, or use something like Zeldas or Secret of Manas action based system where you directly control sword swings and the like, but this game, you run into the baddies.  Yep, just run into them.  The trick is you do not want to run into them head on, or you will take damage,  You want to be off center or attacking at an angle to deal damage without getting hit yourself.  A unique method to be sure.  The story of the game is pretty good, and the overworld works well due to the villages and dungeouns blending in seamlessly to create a nice single world feeling experience.  Also, you can choose which release graphics to use, which is a nice touch.  There seems to be a few bugs with the saving system.  Sometimes I get lots of lag when I save, and have had one time where my game saves weren't made at all during a gameplay session, ended up losing an hours worth of progress.  Overall I would recommend it though, the game is fun and a new experience for RPG fans who haven't tried this series yet."
76561198059552486,Recommended,223810,10886538,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,GANGSTAR,10/10 could never beat dark fact again
76561197999803604,Recommended,223810,11173561,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,GabeN,"Fantastic game, but absolutely ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t hard. Some of the bosses go in to the realm of just plain unfair instead of being typically difficult. I recommend not playing this on hard or above unless you want to rip your ♥♥♥♥ing hair out. Hopefully the next games in the series aren't as ♥♥♥♥ed as this one.. I have a headache finishing this game. ♥♥♥♥ you Ys 1"
76561197980349240,Recommended,223810,8944506,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,lipnox88,"Best JRPG I have ever played. highly recomended. Amazing music, art, and story. Love the combat engine involving running into enemies slightly off center, and leveling up as you play. I think I snagged this on sale for $3.75 and I am glad I did."
,Recommended,223810,9187670,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Treth,"A fast paced game with kick♥♥♥♥♥battle music, what isn't there to love?When I first got this game I really didn't know what to expect, but after beating it, I realized that it was DEFINETELY worth it. An ""oldies' style combat system with the ability to upgrade was way fun. The level designs were quite interesting as well and the puzzles made you think.Another great feature of this game was the boss fights. One can certainly tell they are facing a boss in this game. Quick thinking and fast reactions will keep you on your toes in this game!"
,Recommended,223810,9200263,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Cerialthriller,"Great version of a classic game. If you like JRPGs, this one is one of the original classics with redone art and old school gameplay."
,Recommended,223810,9648796,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,GreenSkull,"I gotta say this game is pretty awesome, Y's Chronicles is an action RPG style game with an odd battle system. I must say I didnt like the battle system at first but after about an hour playing it, it just made it a bit more challenging. You will find that the bosses can be very easy or extremely diffucult with or without the right gear. Overall this was a badass series and you should give it a try."
76561198023144084,Recommended,223810,9827852,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,Farn,"Music is good, game has some hard points but is entertaining. Challenging to say the least. Some parts are bullet hell."
,Recommended,223810,10513051,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Miredia,YASSSSSSSSS This game is absolutely AMAZING and the MUSIC <33333333 I highly reccomend this game
76561197979717173,Recommended,223810,10558991,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Cheezy,"If you can pick it up for a couple bucks, this game is worth it.  Good story and relatively easy controls.  Sometimes the boss battles can be a little much (especially on the harder settings)"
,Recommended,223810,10321023,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Mr. Bad Build,"Oh the game of my childhood. This game was one of my few games that I GOT to play as a child. What I mean by ""got to play"" was that I had a tiny time spand of me having the mental capacity of using the home computer and open up video games to the time where all the CD games became incompatible to the computer to play this game. The incompatibility made half of the CDs work inefficiently, others with having all but one language corrupted and one made only the first area crash free and this game was the last of the pick. To fill this void I would always watch the guides on the local VG channel. Fast forward many years after forgetting this game ever existing I saw a DS version of this game and I had to get it. Soon I found out that the DS version was more or less a ""baby mode"" so after seeing the game on Steam, well, yea...So long story short: ""Why are you reading this? You probably don't even know this game, but play it if you like."""
,Recommended,223810,9821647,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Cactmoore,"I'm playing Ys I right now. Any comments I make here will be based on that game alone, since I haven't gotten to #2 yet.So far, the game is reasonably entertaining, as far as action/RPGs of its generation go. The combat system is a little overly simplistic, though: you attack by running into monsters, and whether or not they hit you depends on the direction they are facing and the angle at which you hit them. You don't need to hit an ""attack"" button to smite your foes, and you don't need to hit a ""dodge"" or ""block"" button to deftly evade their attacks. Frankly, you could play most of this game with one hand. If that doesn't sound particularly entertaining, this game probably isn't for you.Story-wise, you're looking at a pretty generic JRPG plotline - some warrior-type wakes up in some village, and goes on a quest to slay monsters and ultimately save the world/kingdom/etc. It's a little more detailed than that (as one might hope), but I'm sure any prospective players would prefer to not have the spoilers.Anyway, if you want an action/RPG that's a bit on the light side, this is as good a game as any. $15 is a pretty reasonable price tag for two games, and if you snag it on sale, so much the better."
,Recommended,223810,10350037,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Zai,Based on the good old classical games. Still keeps the SNES feel to it and retains the original bump combat system. Some people with find this annoying compared to current hack and slash styles but even with this speedy combat system it is highly amusing to play. This game is not exactly easy for a new gamer. People who have beaten SMB 3 will easily be able to enjoy this game.
76561198009067077,Recommended,223810,28265940,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,GRANIT Salvo,"I dont agree with the JRPG tag, as I would liken it more towards Legend of Zelda / Alundra style adventure.  ""JRPG"" suggests stats for everything and grinding to advance past things if need be, as well as the classic JRPG ""fight / magic/ item/ run"" menus.   None of which is in the Ys games."
,Recommended,223810,8353919,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Uhmbahbumba,"I haven't finishes Ys I yet but its very fun!After the first level of slow grinding the game picks up very quickly! You hit level cap and get the best items very early in the game, but it ok. The combat takes time to get used to but feels great! The music is fantasic and will make you head bang and rock out while playing. Sexy anime girls are there too which never hurt a game.Great combat, great music, great feeling while playing!"
,Recommended,223810,8456173,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Dorothy,it's a video game
,Recommended,223810,8591115,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,zneeger,Pure nostalgic fun!
,Recommended,223810,18795136,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Aya Brea,great game ys series! harharhar
76561198051837910,Recommended,223810,15488080,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,y_doucet,"Awesome old style game. Loved it back in the day and still love it now. For the price it is, you can't go wrong with this purchase. Keep you busy enough and is challenging just enough as well."
76561198198465105,Recommended,223810,26204335,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Shadowspeare1,Amazing game and amazing series. My only gripe with the game is the that the final Boss at the end of the 1st game is difficult. Definitely start out on Easy or Normal.
,Recommended,223810,8488123,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Huskarl,"Its a good game, confusing at times and unguided but enjoyable if your up for the challenge.The graphics are great and its artwork is amazing."
76561198024989587,Recommended,223810,25390854,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Draga,Review for Ys 1:I'm not going to deny its flawed to some degree especially with some of its bosses and the fact you cant attack someone without charging into them. But the music and visuals as well as the dungeon crawling were a blast.
,Recommended,223810,20841886,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Universum,"I rammed my head hard against the final boss on the hardest difficulty. It took me a large chunk of time just to beat this one boss. Between that and the grinding, the music, the story which started it all, this is a real jrpg."
76561198001832988,Recommended,223810,2073098,"Posted: 8 March, 2013",all,aboblyndsae,"Be warned—these aren't complete reinventions like Oath of Felghana was to Ys III, but updated versions of the original games.  Both have somewhat redesigned maps, a little bit of additional items and playable content, unlockable boss rush modes, and (most significantly) the ability to move diagonally, but these are both still essentially the same games as the originals.There are some elements of the games that haven't aged well, notably some inscrutable puzzles (save yourself hours of confusion and just look at a guide once you get the hammer in Ys I), mandatory level grinding, and plenty of backtracking through large, mazelike dungeons.  That said, these are still charming action RPGs with a fun and unique battle system, well-designed bosses, and what are still some of the best soundtracks in the history of video games—and you get three versions of them!Ys I & II Chronicles is too similar to earlier versions of the games for me to highly recommend it to people who have already played them, yet different enough that I can't quite call it the definitive version.  If you have a Wii, you might want to download the Turbo CD version (Ys Book I & II) instead—it was one of the earliest CD games and is really interesting from a historical perspective.  Either way, these are games that deserve to be played."
,Recommended,223810,29031292,Posted: 5 January,all,Zorthax,"Apparently I have 0.1 hours of this game on record, but I don't remember ever playing, so it MUST be good."
,Recommended,223810,17820650,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Cup Noodle King,This game has the worst boss fights I've ever experienced.
,Recommended,223810,23952666,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Molyporph,"[I wrote this Review for Ys I, since I didn't play the second game yet.  It looks like more of the same though.]I didn't know what to expect when I bought this game. I had never heard or saw anything of this series before but was positively surprised once I started playing.The combat took some time getting used to and was frustrating for a little while.Another frustrating thing is, if you're playing for the first time, you essentially have to be at certain levels to beat the bosses comfortably. I had to check a walkthrough of the game, when I got stuck at the first boss because I did so little damage. I thought I missed something or I was doing something wrong. The walkthrough basically said to be at least be level X (which was 1 level above mine), once I got the extra level I quickly beat the boss and didn't really have any more problems with the game.The game is pretty short, though that didn't bother me, in fact I preferred it. This might give you some incentive to re-play it on the harder difficulty, since it's not a huge commitment.Overall a good game, definitely recommended, of you can get it during a sale."
,Recommended,223810,23840862,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,GTLargo21,"Simple, yet elegant in it's execution. One of the lesser known little gems among gamers today. If you like JRPG, this is a must have.Not a fan of turn-based battle? Doesn't exist here! No random battle transitions... just quick, clean combat.Not too difficult, but if you expect the game to hold your hand through its story then you're gonna get stuck on some parts.You know, that's kind of the aspect of ADVENTURE!"
76561198040343125,Recommended,223810,24221148,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,That's ich!,"After finishing Ys Origin some time ago, i decided i have to play the original games.First of all, the Bump System. It's a little quirky, and weird, but once you get used to it, it's fun, because it makes for super fast battles. Even Boss Fights are generally very fast, however they aren't easy, at all. Ys 1 however, while fun, was a little bland because it was all about bumping, and had some stuff that really needed improvement. But that where we got to Ys 2.Ys 2 improves the Bump System, adds a Magic system, and improves alot on what was in Ys 1. It was much more fun. If there is one thing to criticize in Ys 2 however, it was that it was too maze-y, without having a Mini-map. Doesn't reduce the fun much tough (except if you keep going full circle for hours like i did in some Areas xD). Ys 2 has also some nice Story as well (not to be compared with Trails, Falcom's Other Series, tough)I recommend Ys I & II Chronicles+ for:-Ys fans who didn't play it yet. Especiallly those who only played Origin, as it explains the events 700 years after Origin.-ARPG fans who love some fast Action. The game, as i said, is really fast.-Those who want to try something unique (I don't know any games with a fast bump system) and simple.-Touhou fans will love the boss battles starting from Ys 1 Final boss. Touhou fans should play this on Nightmare.-And even if you don't play such games, you can buy it just for the Music. Yes, it's that good.Now to go play the other Ys games i didn't play yet."
,Recommended,223810,30717654,Posted: 24 March,all,cloud_4602,I'd let Adol measure me.
,Recommended,223810,21538858,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,ScyAnide,
,Recommended,223810,34093903,Posted: 7 August,all,404,good music. fun boss rush
,Recommended,223810,13668566,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,gamehits,"great game, so-so graphics, and ridiculous difficulty at some points. still, all in all, a recommend!"
76561198007581632,Recommended,223810,2454490,"Posted: 28 July, 2013",all,BIDMAL,"Maybe because i haven't played a lot of jRPGs, but this game felt SO refreshing and fun to play: interesting plot, attachable characters, original combat and mazes that WILL drive you crazy... And all of this from a game made the year i was born (with renovated graphics afaik). Recommend!"
,Recommended,223810,24066342,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Grizzle fo Shizzle,"its ys, you run into♥♥♥♥♥♥to kill stuffwhat more do you need to know"
,Recommended,223810,16015401,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Call Me A Hero,"Classic, challenging and fun."
,Recommended,223810,5388617,"Posted: 30 July, 2013",all,undertale sans,"Backtracking: The Game has revolutionized the game mechanics of backtracking by introducing two new important concepts to make backtracking less boring: day switching to night as you progress in the game, and a main character so cute that just running around with him is lots of fun, both of which were later adopted by Devil May Cry to create the ultimate backtracking experience."
,Recommended,223810,30587250,Posted: 18 March,all,MiniTaurus,Bump!Oldies but goodies ^^
76561198065419708,Recommended,223810,9112346,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,McCheeseBob,"One of the if not the greatest Rpg series of all time, Ys is an absolute masterpiece. With some of the best music ever, a interesting and fun battle system, and beautiful anime cutscenes, Ys is a game that at least every rpg fan, if not every gamer should absolutely try."
76561198092969710,Recommended,223810,10596222,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,The Math Man,push feena into a dark corner. go.
,Recommended,223810,30970595,Posted: 5 April,all,Revolver_Samuel,"You might be able to level up, but stats alone won't help you.It's time to get good."
76561198035586012,Recommended,223810,10857235,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Sgt. Skippy,I watche da cutscene and walked around. 10/10 next gen gaming experience
,Recommended,223810,8353186,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Coffee Blend,"This game is good. Except some parts are annoying because of the order you have do the missions. I remember going to the mine at like lvl 2 and dying in 1 hit. Fun game, but pretty difficult. Adol gets all the ladies"
,Recommended,223810,11192077,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Esper,"The game is very simple in gameplay: Grind grind grind slash slash slash with a bit of skill involved at some points. The game is mostly about enjoying the story and feeling satisfied over your power increases.This game is not for those that are gameplay-motivated. This is the stereotype action RPG: Pretty much turn-based fighting with action thrown in for the sake of seeming less stale. However, if you can enjoy a decent story, great music, and great visuals for what it's trying to be, then this game is for you. The music is enough to keep me going throughout the games of the Ys series and it's enough to keep me going for a very long time. If they ever make another ys game beyond their latest one, I'm going to jump on it asap."
,Recommended,223810,1097365,"Posted: 6 March, 2013",all,UnrealDelusion,"Ys Vanished Omen is a great remake of the classic 1987 RPG. It has improved graphics and an outstanding soundtrack (you can also choose the original PC-88 soundtrack). While not being as deep as todays RPG's, to be honest it's rather simplistic, I had a great time replaying my first RPG I ever played (on the MSX-2) . All I can say is for the price you get two great classic RPG's which you owe to yourself to play if you've never played them before! 8/10"
,Recommended,223810,10797870,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Sivek,"First thing first, the ""bump"" combat system is both incredibly stupid and kind of fun at the same time.  You don't swing a sword or cast spells in this game, you simply run into enemies and depending on the trajectory of your bump, you do x amount of damage and take y amount of damage from the enemy.  There's something to say about just bashing into your enemies, like how any Pac-Man action game should've played out.  You still get equipment and stuff, but it just affects how much damage you do and how much you take.  Level-ups are also a huge thing in this game.  They make big differences and an enemy that was giving you trouble on Lv.4 is trivialized by being Lv.6.  It's also very likely you'll hit the level cap a ways before the end of the game.This version of the game has a few different alterations to choose from.  You can change the character portraits between a classic and remake version and there's also a number of different soundtrack styles to pick from.  This is a cool feature more remake games should try to implement.Being a remake of an older game, Ys I gives you a bit more freedom to go about things than a more modern game of this type would.  It doesn't give you equipment to start the game and it's quite likely you'll head into your first dose of bump combat outside the initial village and die.  That said, annoying as that can be, it also lets you find good accessories and armor early on by not gating certain areas, so if you feel like running around a mine dodging enemies, you can loot the place a number of levels before you're supposed to head there.  There's a decent bit of interesting things like this in the game.The game lets you save wherever, whenever.  Thank you Falcom for this.  I don't care for arbitrary save-points, and this being a a PC game, I like being able to save a step away from a boss in case I die and not have to re-run parts of the dungeon.  As for the bosses, there are two in particular that are just extremely annoying and got me this close to putting the game away for good.  This is mainly because bump combat makes fighting them a pain.  The story is completely throwaway.All said, a solid 2-D action/RPG that's fairly short.  Has some interesting old-school conventions in not holding your hand at times but can be frustrating due to game mechanics and how reliant the game is on levels."
,Recommended,223810,8467363,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Nightzu,BUY THIS GAME!!!!!!!
,Recommended,223810,31331561,Posted: 23 April,all,Basilicious,"Game: Ys I Chronicles +Genre: Action RPGPublisher/Developer: XSeed/FalcomSystem: Steam (PC)Total Score: 74/100Value Score: 7.4/10• Story: 8/10• Characters: 8/10• GamePlay: 7/10• Graphics: 8/10• Sound: 7/10• Music: 9/10• Length: 4/10• Replay Value: 6/10• Player Value: 7/10Pros+Includes artwork choice between the original 1980s version and the re-released Chronicles version from 2009.+Includes the choice of using music from 4 different versions of the game+Achievements+Storyline and events based on Chronicles version which came out on PSP+Time challenge Boss event mode+Ability to play Easy, Normal, Hard and Nightmare mode for challengeCons-Uses a bump combat system which can be annoying and increase difficulty of the game-A lot of backtracking and annoying fetch quests-Can become tediously grindy-No voice acting unlike some other versions of the game-Very short----------Game: Ys II Chronicles +Genre: Action RPGPublisher/Developer: XSeed/FalcomSystem: Steam (PC)Total Score: 82/100Value Score: 8.2/10• Story: 9/10• Characters: 9/10• GamePlay: 8/10• Graphics: 8/10• Sound: 8/10• Music: 10/10• Length: 6/10• Replay Value: 6/10• Player Value: 8/10Pros+Includes artwork choice between the original 1980s version and the re-released Chronicles version from 2009.+Includes the choice of using music from 4 different versions of the game+Achievements+Storyline and events based on Chronicles version which came out on PSP+Time challenge Boss event mode+Ability to play Easy, Normal, Hard and Nightmare mode for challenge+Magic system and more usable items which improve gameplay from the first game+Gift ability which allows you to develop a relationship with characters to get different items from themCons-Uses a bump combat system which can be annoying and increase difficulty of the game-A lot of backtracking and annoying fetch quests-Can become tediously grindy-No voice acting unlike some other versions of the game-A bit short compared to other games in the series and other RPGs"
76561198085415402,Recommended,223810,11084634,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Jdeanjones.jj,"Solid oldschool game, the storyline seems kinda trite now but it's pretty damn old and from a time when these elements were basic. Plus, the lore and mysticism holds up, and it's a solid foundation for the sequels. It's a PC port of a rerelease of a PC remake from over a decade ago and it shows, but the artwork when communicating with villagers and during cutscenes is still top-notch, and the music is incredible. The bump attacking system requires you to ram into enemies at off angles to avoid taking damage yourself, and takes some getting used to. It tends to be called 'basic', while amusingly being more demanding of precision than the 'tap button for wide arc or poking sword attack' of similar games..The stat gains an strength differences between each level up can be pretty stark, so if you get through one dungeon rather smoothly without much bumping, you're gonna have to grind a level. It also starts slow, since you're almost useless until you gain your first level-up... The bosses start extremely easy, but the last couple are a nightmare. One is a severe battle of attrition where he spends 90% of the time taking up far too much space and chasing you around the chamber. He's completely invulnerable and chipping away at your health with random movement patterns that require tricky maneuvering, before deciding via what seems like RNG to make himself a target for like a 5th of a second. lol Some of the required actions to advance or gain an almost necessary edge in terms of equipment can be slightly obtuse, and finding quest important items in random chests in dungeons is kind of jarring, if not vaguely explained away in-game. It's rather linear too, but segues into the sequel nicely. It's oldschool, quirky and a nice update to an important slice of history for the ARPG genre, retro enthusiasts and people who like being challenged will love it and people who don't like said challenge will.. Not. 8.8/10 (Kappa)"
76561198061276125,Recommended,223810,12799499,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Mr.Cookie,"you run into ennemies to kill them, Regg own a well in his basement. 10/10 would fap to again"
,Recommended,223810,14119682,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Viral,Games?YesNoGood?YesNoVerdict:Good Games[/b]#Discussions_QuoteBlock_AuthorThese are good games.
,Recommended,223810,12397852,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Mortimal,"not so clasic ?RPG? why am i playing his...OMG so hard BOSES! 15 hours 20 HOURS, no sleep... must kill it...."
,Recommended,223810,8461707,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,CXCBeast,actiony. very.
,Recommended,223810,8886541,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Kuro,"Like the R. Kelly song says, I don't see nothing wrong with a little bump n' grind."
,Recommended,223810,30739560,Posted: 25 March,all,『Part5Never』 [FIN],Dark Souls: Prepare To K[YS] Edition
76561197992870609,Not Recommended,223810,11175826,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Voltekka,It's a simplistic port of a retro game.  The music is great and so are the redone graphics but the foundation of the game is a bunch of confusing and tedious fetch puzzles.  The story is also disjointed and uninteresting.  Not recommended unless you get a very good deal.
,Not Recommended,223810,8077140,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Massicot,"I feel that the original two Ys games, regardless of any degree of modernization, were something you simply had to experience when they released in the late 1980s in order to enjoy fully. The games are brief experiences, even when paired together, so luckily this history lesson does not take a long time to convey. Equipment and story progression is fairly single-track and are not very deep in and of themselves. It’s impressive when you factor in the time and situation in which the game originally released, but it just doesn’t hold up.The art and music are great, and there is just enough story to hold everything together. It was quite interesting to see the “callbacks” to Origin, having played them in the chronological order instead of the release order. I probably derived more enjoyment from these ties rather than from the game itself. The music is fantastic, and I probably enjoyed this soundtrack here more than that of Celceta. It makes the ho-hum battle system more enjoyable in any respect, anyway.4/10"
,Not Recommended,223810,11242298,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,jacobpaige,"I honestly didn't like this game (Ys I).The level cap was too low, I hit it about half way through the game.The shops became useless almost immediately since their stock never changed. Money was very easy to come by and (in spite of that) you found some of the gear that you will use in the final fight before you had enough money to buy the best the shop had.Any fight that wasn't a boss fight was generally very easy and the boss fights were exercises in frustration. The method to kill them was generally unclear, requiring you to die repeatedly (or use a guide) to figure it out and even once you had figured it out, it was difficult to believe that you had because, more often than not, skill was at best half of what you needed to win, and the other half was luck. I finally just gave up on the last boss because I don't care enough to put up with a fight that is 90% luck and 10% skill. This game simply isn't worth the frustration."
,Not Recommended,223810,8328855,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Tyr,"My frist Ys game played was Ys: The Oath in Felghana.  I absolutely LOVED that game.  The best action RPG I've ever played hands down.  I bought this chronicles pack on the holiday sale so the money wasted is negligible.  What completely kills this game?  The absolutely terrible ""bump system"" of combat.  I'm sure the veterans of the series will be up in arms about this, and I totally understand the company keeping it original, but it's just EXTREMELY BORING compared to the Ys games without it.  My complaint isn't about difficulty, but circling your enemy over and over and rubbing into them until they die just sucks.  I'm not upset that I wasted money, again it was a negligible amount, I'm upset that this game isn't fun at all and the other Ys are.In short, veterans of the originals, you will likely love this; newcommers, beware of the garbage that is the bump system."
,Recommended,223810,1660831,"Posted: 18 February, 2013",all,Vapor Dosh,"If I traveled in time and told my past self from years ago that in 2013 I will be playing a remake of a Japanese RPG from some obscure platform where you attack without pressing buttons (movement doesn't count) that I'll obtain from an internet service that lets you legally download games for a fee, I would probably laugh into my face before the universe screws itself over with a time paradox.This is a very solid set of two old games with a nice 'paint-job', including three different versions of music, two different sets of graphics and plenty of tiny details for more dedicated players. Keep in mind to expect a different experience from Origin or Oath in Felghana, and you will hopefully have fun with the games' fast, sword-ramming action."
,Recommended,223810,14009448,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,QUEZKATOLEN - SWE!,"You like Zelda from SNES days? Yes? then buy this game!The only thing I disliked about this medieval fantasy action-rpg is the lack of: robots,lasers,starships and blonde women.I give this women, I mean game 8.5 out of.... 10 right? yeah 9/10 I give it."
,Not Recommended,223810,8551277,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,askew1,"Review for Ys I: Game starts off pretty well. Loved the art style and music. I grew up on classic consoles and that's where this came from. It's simple to get into. You attack by running into enemies. There's no loot, no stats to allocate, and a short storyline. The combat isn't bad normally.But the end will leave you very frustrated. The story frequently leaves you with no indicator of where to go to progress. You end up wasting time or googling it instead and there's too much backtracking at the end. The difficulty of the bosses at the end will leave you frustrated and looking for strategies. The final boss will frequently kill you in 1 hit. The saving grace is that reloading saved games is instant so you can replay those boss fights immediately until you get it right (and you will be doing this if you buy this game!)."
76561198095218733,Not Recommended,223810,11414748,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Dryyab,I could recommend this game if the first boss fight wasn't so stupid...
,Not Recommended,223810,20530735,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,XXXREMILIA,"I love JRPGs, I love games from the 80's and 90's, I will surely love this game too!Tried to play more than a hour but couldnt: I had the need to refund it.Dropped the game after seeing ""bumping fighting system"".Like who tought that was a good idea seriously?"
,Not Recommended,223810,4841159,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,SilverShadow,"Ys 1&2...I bought the both of 'em on the Steam Sale, and I must say, even for 5 euro's I regret my purchase. I was looking forward to playing this game a lot, the anime/retro gamemaker style really appealed to my nostalgia..Yet... This is where it went wrong.- The world is small- The story is really bad- The ''anime'' is for cutscenes and special interactions only.- You're character development when it comes to visuals is 0.- The game does NOT explain itself- No quest log.. I mean seriously.. ( I can get into the whole ''listen and write down/remember'' aspect but sometimes things that seemed unimportant kept me wondering for far too long -.-)- No map.. No......Map.....- 0 Character Depth- Repetative soundtrackThere was a time (where I quit the game and never came back btw ;D)Where I thought the game had ended! without letting me know, I just beat a boss, followed up with 0 dialogue, I stood in front of the door I had to pass... Couldn't enter it, so I looked at my friend google, and people said that I had to play part 2 of the game... I mean really? Force a person to play the second part without leaving them with any feelings of completion towards part 1? I felt cheated, and badly too.. The game does NOT inform the players.Now a quick list of comparisson between 1 & 2.- You start off the same as in Part 1.- Same textures- Same person..- 0 Improvements towards the character depth/story/quest log and any of the bad errors they made in part one was desribed above ^.Please people, it may seem tempting but I found this game unworthy of my time and money. Unfortunate really, I was looking forward to this game and went in with a positive mind and a lot of patience, they tested it, and it could not live up to it's expectations, no matter how little they were.2/10"
,Recommended,223810,8987945,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Dhal is irie,"I ♥♥♥♥ing dare you to buy these games and beat them in order, on the hardest difficulties.--------Original review 02/05/2014, now 03/20/2017 after going back and forth with this game solely on the final boss fight Dark Fact is ♥♥♥♥ing dead. So gratifying."
,Recommended,223810,9040311,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Barkus Aurelius,"dark souls mixed with zelda and secret of mana, get redy 4 endgaem grind"
,Not Recommended,223810,13986923,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,yuru,Sadly this game has an extreme focus on story and animu rather than gameplay. Fighting mechanics are: Bump into enemy until it dies. These games do not make me feel like I'm actually playing a game.
76561198033318624,Not Recommended,223810,9067966,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Krisco,Ys I was awesome----Ys II is bugged(for me anyway) you cannot rescue the Doctor from the rubble with the Mattock(pick axe).I would recommend it if that bug wasn't an issue.
,Recommended,223810,8268798,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,ManilaPCGaming,"OMG. what just happened. just bought this game out of whim - it was ON SALE! just wanted something retro and simple after playing countless hours of SKYRIM. started playing Ys, kind of laughing at the graphics and snickering at the texts and retro feel and BUMP COMBAT!!!?? wtf ...and then..hands shaking, I started becoming more and more concerned with the villages, with the people...i started to embody ADOL...omg...im a HERO!!!!! on my endless quests to save towns!! and its friggin 4AM! im starting to think theres a reason why this game is called Ys. as soon as i found the 1st book of Ys - i totally screamed YESSSSS!!!!!!! highly recommended game. fast and furious. (BUMP COMBAT WORKS SO WELL - play this game with a controller. so much better)"
76561198036127767,Not Recommended,223810,21013585,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,bitcat70,"Stupid freaking game. Great until the last boss. Then it just turns.. stupid? Great for a masochist. The last boss ruins it completely. Impossible to beat. Well.... almost. I finally did it but it brought me no satisfaction. Only relief: the f...ing thing is over. Just sad. Video gaming is supposed to be fun! Instead of coming up with a strategy I just ran around aimlessly and I defeated it! How stupid is that? So if you get to the last boss, don't worry. You might waste a few hours (maybe better spent on something else) but you'll beat (maybe) the final boss in a senseless battle! The only thing you can count on is pure luck! Yey!"
76561198018711139,Not Recommended,223810,11295511,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Mr.GreenSuit,Total broken♥♥♥♥♥♥ Steam cloud ♥♥♥♥s with this game pretty badly and if you disable steam cloud it STILL ♥♥♥♥s with the game. You're unable to change controls or save properly until steam cloud is disabled. After you do you still can't. The developer who ported this game to PC has still not bothered to fix these issues and obviously does not care at all. You would 100% be better off pirating it and running it on an old emulator. Don't worry HE'S the thief not us.
76561198031520009,Not Recommended,223810,15453434,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,lover_of_dragons,I have played better versions then this one of this game
,Recommended,223810,8738668,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Grey Seer Campbell,"Old school RPG remade. Great music. Great story. The anime at the beginning is also great. Combat is literally bumping into monsters to attack, but trying to do so from behind ;) or to the side. Combat can be forgiven since this is a classic. The game is tremendous fun, and I'm looking forward to playing II."
,Not Recommended,223810,12363367,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,chairbender,"Ys I - While fun for parts, several of the boss battles are far too chance based (rather than skill based). Also, you're going to waste a bunch of time unless you play it with a guide because it there's usually not a clear logic as to what you are supposed to do next. Other than that it's kinda fun, but the randomness of the bossess really ruins it for me. I felt like I was just following a recipe as I used a walkthrough to beat it, which detracted from it.Ys II is probably better in terms of randomness, but I don't know if it's really worth suffering through Ys I to play Ys II."
,Not Recommended,223810,11802559,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Tengofrapp,"PSA: Ys is pronouced like the ""eece"" in ""Fleece"" :DYs I ReviewThe difficulty level is incredibly inconsistent. The story isn't very satisfying. This game absolutely REQUIRES a walkthrough to make any sort of progress. Even though the ""bump"" combat style is quite charming, and the game remains playable for the most part, I wouldn't suggest purchasing this bundle for it, unless it's very cheap. Annnnd however unfairly difficult, once you do finally beat that last boss, it's very satisfying.Ys II Review..."
76561198000173459,Not Recommended,223810,8964345,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Tetsuro P12,"This game is just mediocre. It's not a bad game but it gives no satisfaction. Story seems on the weak side, graphics are pleasant, the music is good. The combat system is the weakest spot of the game. You have just to bounce on enemies. Weaponry too is just plain bad. I would not recommend this game, better to stick to other series (like Suikoden, Final Fantasy, Breath of Fire, etc.).Unfortunately on Steam we have no the likes of Suikoden, Breath of Fire or Final Fantasy.Anyway I'm a bit unfair since the game is just a remake of a very old game (1989).Will try Ys II, hoping the core game is improved."
,Not Recommended,223810,8933017,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Katie,"Boss fights ruin the game. Absolutly no varity. Ys I they are mostly luck, Ys II they have really long cycles between when you can do any damage to them. You end up running around the room in circles waiting. Ys II Chronicles+ also has knock back frames which break the game and are a royal pain in the♥♥♥♥♥( the orginal didn't have this)."
,Not Recommended,223810,8754658,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,johnafirth,"Loved Oath in Felghana, but the ""bump"" system just doesn't do it for me here. A version of this with hack and slash I'd be really happy with."
76561197980786340,Not Recommended,223810,9239458,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,czman811,The Y’s series is old now and there is really no reason for anyone to purchase and play this game.  The mechanics are outdated.  This game is does not hold up.  The mechanics are just outdated.  Don’t be fooled by the reviews of people who talk about this like it is a classic.  This is for people who think civilization peeked with the beastie boys and the ultimate warrior.You might like this game if:You were trapped in ice for 20 years and this is the first game you played.
,Not Recommended,223810,9703088,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Ooopsie. lag.,"First I have to say that I really love RPGs - especially when they are frustratingly difficult and intense - but Ys I is just something I can not and do not want to handle anytime ever again!I bought this game expecting an awesome, story driven J-RPG with a battle system that differs from the classic RPG's type.What I actually got was a halfhearted story, a weak and really annoying battle system as well as boring characters. The game itself is very frustrating, but not in a good way that encourages you to grind more and level up (the player's level caps at Level 10 and I reached that after the second boss of I think seven), but in a demotivating way, that makes you wanna dump this insult to the RPG genre. The frustration does not come from the difficulty of the game, but from the ridiculously bad battle system - you basically have to ambush the enemy from a certain angle to damage him without being injured, what becomes very boring and annoying - especially during boss battles. And it always is a gamble.Now that we talk about boss battles, I have to mention something: The bosses don't have ANY relation to the story and fighting them is even more repetetive than grinding. The player needs to think of a different approach for every boss, which  I quite liked, but once he figured out what to do, the boss battle loses everything that made it interesting - and even that was little. Especially the second to last boss had nothing to do with having fun playing a game. It was mere routine and repetitive ambushing from a certain angle for about 5 minutes.In short: If you have the money and want to experience this failure of developers and an insult to RPGs and RPG fans, then go ahead and buy Ys I. Else I'd recommend buying 14 cheese burgers with the cash. I certainly regret not having done that.I have only played Ys I and I will give Ys II a chance, but not just yet. I need a lot of distance to this game series for a while."
,Not Recommended,223810,11545286,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,Sycraft,"Might be an ok RPG, but it's controls just make it not worth playing. The ""bump"" combat is just stupid and makes it highly annoying. Plenty of better games out there to spend your time and money on."
,Not Recommended,223810,8499398,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,DeathJohnson,"Only played Ys I, so this will just be covering that. As spoiler-free as possible. It started out pretty straightforward, and once I accidentally discovered some game mechanics which for some reason weren't mentioned in game at all, it wasn't too challenging early on (which it shouldn't be anyway, on Normal).Later on, there didn't seem to be much direction whatsoever, and I eventually just got into the habit of checking a walkthrough every step of the way just because I wanted to finish it. Half the time after following the directions I just laughed, thinking ""how the hell was I supposed to know to do that?"". There is vague direction, but it's mostly trial and error if you're trying to move on with only the information the game gives you. I don't know if it's supposed to be like that, maybe figuring out the randomest things imaginable is supposed to be the actual challenge of the game. The challenge certainly isn't from the bosses, those are either pathetically easy or laughably luck-based. I liked the easy ones more.The final boss is just the worst, without spoiling things, I can only say that it has absolutely nothing done right about it. It's flat-out horrible in terms of story, gameplay, and, well... The music isn't that bad actually, the first few times. Unfortunately if you can't get the luck you need to beat him early, you may wind up listening to the same music for hours.That's generally how the music in this game is, throughout the whole game. The game doesn't really have any bad music, but most of it is heard for too long, making it tedious, and it gets annoying after a while. If you want to simulate the experience without playing the game, look up one of the songs on YouTube or something, listen to it once. It's pretty good, right? Now listen to it again, for about an hour, and see if it's still good. One positive thing is that there are three different versions of music you can choose from, one from what I assume was the original version of the game, one from this modern version, and one from in between. I often found myself switching between the three because just listening to one was painful."
,Not Recommended,223810,8839333,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Sir Paul,Too hard to be fun.
76561198036591318,Not Recommended,223810,9147261,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Wilhelm Kerensky,"Why does this still have ""bump"" combat in this day and age? This isn't the MSX and it isn't the 80's....Honestly, I thought the game had been given a control upgrade, but the upgrades were only in graphics and music. My first outing with Adol resulted in his death after two enemies because I didn't hit them at just the right angle and there was no indicator he was being damaged until he died... I wanted to know the adventures of Adol before those in ""Ys 3: Wanderers from Ys"" which is redone in 3D as ""Ys: The Oath in Felghana"", along with the events after ""Ys: Origins"" which could be called ""Ys 0"". Both are far superior in every way to this badly-aged, bitter nostalgia cash grab of a turd. I don't even wish to play Ys 2 after this disappointment.If you want a better Ys game, go play the other two I mentioned. If you want a better Action-RPG game, play almost anything else... examples are: Fable, Rusty Hearts, Castle Crashers, hell, any Legend of Zelda, even Majora's Mask!"
,Not Recommended,223810,8467308,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Gung-Ho Gun,"As a fan of Japanese style games and RPG's this game looked interesting. The game however is a strange fusion of multiple anime art styles in the intro, as well as the game having an ear gouging sound track that seems to break the atmosphere of the game. The bump combat is interesting, but it causes the game to lack responsiveness. The game also gives you little to no feed back so whatever you do in the game does not entirely be said. The game is decent for the price but I would not recommend this game unless you have extra money, time, or will. This game gets a 5/10."
,Not Recommended,223810,16682220,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Reizla,"My first meeting with Ys was Ys online (sadly discontinued during beta) and I loved the game immediately, eventhough it was pretty tough. Then I bought and played Ys Origins and loved it immediately because of the close resembelance of the action RPG meganics that Ys online used. In the mean time I've bought the whole series aside from Ys seven (can grab it for my PSP) and all of them are action RPGs.Ys I & II are not like the rest of the series at all. These two are more like the old NES / RPG maker jRPGs with a twist. First off, the battle system sucks balls. They prolly thought it was innovative for the time to use a 'bumb' system to attack. This also means that you probably won't be able to use ranged attack (I really can't see why XSEED didn't change the combat system in the 2009 version of the game - there are 2 versions of each game, the old one and the revised one).Then the story. Most of the old NES / RPG maker jRPGs it takes you about 10-15 minutes to get into the story and you can say if you like it or not. Ys I & II are different there and after half an hour and having spoken to every one in the village you wake up I still had no clue what I was to do, other than just leave town and see where it'll bring me. Truth be told, the main plot was explained, but from there on not the slightest hint of where to go or what to do.Somehow YS I & II just lack something for me that other NES / RPG maker alike jRPGs  had and I definately won't recommend this game to anyone, unless you've played them back in the days and want to play them again.Before anyone starts ♥♥♥♥♥ing to me about not knowing NES / RPG maker alike jRPGs, I have played (most of them never completed, but that's normal for me) Final Fantasy 1 trhough 4, Star Ocean 1 and willing to play 2, Tales of Phantasia (still ongoing on the PSP, means when I'm traveling). I know jRPGs and Ys I & II just miss the clarity the other titles I named have."
76561198107745287,Not Recommended,223810,8544604,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Antonio (BR),"Jesus, how mess a Zelda camera control? Ys did. Also is a ""where the hell do I go?"" kind of game. The graphics are nice, but the gameplay is terrible, no attack button, and you can't attack enemies by front. If you want an advise, by the other Ys games, Oath of Felgana or Ys Origins, are great games, the controls are fluently, and they are very nice. I bought this thinking it would use use the same gameplay of these two games, but I was wrong.I know they are old, but this is a remake, and I think there is a reason why this kindo of control aren't in the other Ys games."
,Not Recommended,223810,11692812,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,PianosAreFun,"The bump attack system was crap then and it's crap now.  Don't get me wrong, I'm fond of old games.  I don't mind that they can be punishingly difficult, but not when it's the result of a flawed mechanic like bump attack."
,Not Recommended,223810,11428830,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,jotagabe,"I am a huge fan of RPG games speacially the old ones. Chorno Trigger, Lufia, Seikendensetsu.... when i saw this game... the sound... the music.... the anime art... I had thougt that it would be delicious.... but....The combat sistem is too bad!I just cannot handle this.... this hava made the entire game unplayable.... so sad...."
,Not Recommended,223810,26591237,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,Brownninja97,"the bump system is a little messy and i couldnt really get the hang of it and judging from some other reviews im not the only one that wasnt a fan of it, you bump into enemies to attack and they do the same.At lv1 you cant do damage to a monster literally 30 second away until you grind to level 2 and this is right at the start of the game.This the least honed of the Ys series for me and it lacks that addictive hack n slash combat that was so great in the other games."
76561198097845393,Not Recommended,223810,11840450,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,noremember,Walking the Game
76561198058043953,Not Recommended,223810,20469175,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,kandnm115709,"While Origins is a pretty decent game with a mediocre story at best, Ys I & II are horrible by today's standards. Bumping the enemies as a method of attacking? Who came up with that nonsense? Useless gold as stronger equipment can be found for free in dungeons (not that you can actually use them once you entered the 2nd part of the game), a confusing flow of plot, uninteresting MC and antagonist and worst of all, a sh*tload of backtracking.RECOMMENDED        : For people who played Ys I back in the day and wanted to play it again now.NOT RECOMMENDED: For anyone who can't stand outdated gameplay and overly simplistic story."
,Not Recommended,223810,8597841,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,[TAW] Derisat Hartfelt,"I can not explain to you in a deep enough explanation the let down and piece of gabage this game is.the 7up game for sega was 100X better then this. just don't waste your money, this is not he JRPG you're looking for,"
,Not Recommended,223810,29226069,Posted: 13 January,all,SickB,"The Second Ys Game i tried (i tried a newer one first) and the Second Ys Game that pisses me off.At least it didn´t took 10+ hours this time.After reaching level Cap 10!!!!! not far into the game (so no progress anymore i guess?) i can´t kill the second boss.So you need to consult a walkthrough which then tells you that you have to get a silver sword somewhere else.Never every did the game tell you that. It sent you right to the Boss without any other hint.So now i´m down there and because you can´t fast travel out of a dungeon i don´t care to fight my way back up just to get out of the dungeon, then find whatever i need for this boss and fight all the way down again.Why i won´t do that? All the Enemies respawn when out of sight. With this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and time waste so early i don´t want to know what ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t this game pulls later on."
,Not Recommended,223810,11041171,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Vino [Olive Garden],"An action RPG where you can't actually attack things. Bump into enemies to make their health go lower. If you don't bump into them at the correct angle, your health goes lower.It's extremely tedious and not very fun. I lasted maybe 20 minutes. Pass."
,Not Recommended,223810,8490233,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Kyle,"Game was alright until the vampire boss, then it was crap.  Odds are that I didn't really make it anywhere in the game, but the game committed the cardinal sin of invincible enemies so I just turned the game off and played something else. There are better things to spend your time on."
76561197986986653,Not Recommended,223810,8464861,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,misled_youth11683,"Don't bother picking this up! I played the originals way back when, when it still had the good old combat system that played more like a legend of zelda game. this games use the ""bump system"" which is just randomly running into the monster. while the story is still good the bump combat system totally ruins it."
,Recommended,223810,8588593,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Lungkisser,"Very good remaster of the original Ys, the bump mechanic works well enough and the new music is superb, on-par with what the series has offered since the PS2 era. Only complaint would be the terribly designed final dungeon. All in all, worth it for the $3 or so I paid during the Christmas sale."
76561198064725950,Not Recommended,223810,10643480,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,HOOLIGANS84,f
,Recommended,223810,12700492,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,cmssd,Haven't played it yet but looks good so far
76561198013489529,Not Recommended,223810,13398317,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Void_Incarnate,"WTF is this??? A game for ants??? You fight monsters by bumping into them. You interact with townspeople by bumping into them.  You pick up items by bumping into them. You solve puzzles (in the loosest sense of the word) by (you guessed it) bumping into them. They should have called this game 'Blunder Boy and the Uncredibly Bumpy Dungeon'.The graphics are weak (even for 2001). The music isn't bad, but highly repetitive, even with the Complete Pack. Stat leveling is completely automatic (and one-dimensional). There are no powers, secondary abilities, or any sense of growth other than the number of times you have to bump into an enemy to kill them (typically 1 once you're high enough level). Quests are also automatic - you have no choice in their resolution or even to accept them or not. You just initiate them once you... bump into them.4/10 would not buy again.PS If you still want to buy the game, a controller is highly recommended. Played this with a kb and with a shield controller, and the controller massively improved the playability of the game (such as it is). If I had been stuck w the keyboard, I'd have ragequit in the first 10 minutes.EDIT: I've finally found the perfect adjective to describe the 'bump' combat system:http://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/FrotteurismEssentially, Adol is a pervert that gets off on rubbing himself against his enemies nonconsensually until he 'defeats' them. Was Ys originally supposed to be an H-game?"
,Not Recommended,223810,26503504,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,MattoTomato,"The game mechanic is horrible and it's totally different from YS Origin. Perhaps also the worst JRPG i've played.""Battle"" with a sword equipped is bascially running into monster and run -> repeat again till it died.*you can only know you got hit from the decreasing HP."
76561198014832954,Not Recommended,223810,28925319,Posted: 1 January,all,Longaria,"I was really interested in starting to play the Ys Series, since I grew up on SNES Jrpgs, Secret of Mana/Evermore, Final Fantasy, Lufia, Terranigma, Chrono Trigger etc etc. The graphics were really compelling and the series seems to be quite successful given how many sequels there are. So I thought I start out with the first two installments and give it a try. Well...having played through the first one on Normal up until the last boss:Nope, not recommended.tl;dr: grinding, backtracking, unbalanced difficulty, generic linear story with no ""red line"" to guide through, stupid gameplay/core mechanic. Nice combat music - overall, keep playing the classics and save it on this one.This is a prime example of a game that aged really badly.Horrible, downright unacceptable game design by today's standards, that was *maybe* acceptable 20 years ago.- Core game mechanic: ""bumping"" into enemies is not only trivial and uninteresting, it's also random af. Hitting an enemy and getting no dmg vs getting hit, because the enemy turns around and hits you back in the last second is not only a world of difference, but there's nothing you can do from your side to ""safely"" execute it. You just bump into enemies sideways and ""hope for the best""; no strategy or thinking/planing involved.- Unbalanced and outright ridiculous difficulty. It starts with you being laughably underpowered and you having to GRIND at the very start of the game to even get your starter equipment to sort of start your quest. Then one or two levels down the line your enemies go from almost unbeatable to oneshots. Its like playing WOW, where you constantly either fight a mob that is 3 or more levels above you, or you are fighting lvl 1 critters. And the last 2-3 bosses are plainly insane, even on normal difficulty.- Generic, bland story & characters & villain: Not the worst thing in the world, if the narrative was interesting at least, however...- NO narrative whatsoever. You basically have to run around and guess what to do next. Not even at the start of the game do you have a clear objective, where to go and what to do next...it just sort of plays itself out because the number of locations is very small and eventually you would have talked to everyone.- Grinding.....seriously..grinding in a SINGLEPLAYER game is a cardinal sin. There should be NO REASON to ever having to grind other than OPTIONAL late game stuff, like secret bosses (FF series). When you have to grind to progress in the MAIN PLOT, there's something wrong with your game balance guys..and not only that...but grinding at the START of the game? Like right off the bat grinding for your START EQUIPMENT..holy ♥♥♥♥.- Backtracking... a lot. What you are dealing with here is an ordinary linear rpg, except almost all areas are open to you at once and you HAVE to have certain items or spoken to a certain person to progress. And if that person ist literally 9 dungeon floors in the back..too bad, happy backtracking or you shall not pass.Backtracking is just like grinding: In almost every case it's bad game design, plain and simple. And this has nothing to do with the age of the game either. There is no grinding or a lot of backtracking in any RPG that I mentioned above. There's no ""this game is old"" excuse. I could probably write a paper on everything what's wrong with this game, but I have to stop for now...The music in the Chronicles version however was really awesome in some places and the graphics are indeed quite nice. But that doesn't cut it. If you are interested in retro rpgs - play any of the ones I mentioned in the beginning and save yourself the time.Sadly the first game in this series ruined my desire to play any sequels, and even though I know this might be unfair - the difference between good and bad Final Fantasy or Breath of Fire installments for example is, they are independent story arks. The Ys series however seems to be in continuity and if I didn't like the first game, whats the point of playing the rest?"
76561197988228877,Recommended,223810,23910479,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Imposter Oppressor Oak,"My Grandfather smoked his whole life. I was about 10 years old when my mother said to him, 'If you ever want to see your grandchildren graduate, you have to stop immediately.'. Tears welled up in his eyes when he realized what exactly was at stake. He gave it up immediately. Three years later he died of lung cancer. It was really sad and destroyed me. My mother said to me- 'Don't ever smoke. Please don't put your family through what your Grandfather put us through."" I agreed. At 28, I have never touched a cigarette. I must say, I feel a very slight sense of regret for never having done it, because this game gave me cancer anyway.jk its not bad"
,Not Recommended,223810,22543362,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Soverine,"I'm not going to say this is a bad game, but what I will say is that this is a bad port. As such an example, turning V-Sync off actually makes most of the game ridiculously harder as the game is very frame dependant on a few bosses. If your frames are low enough, you're guaranteed to get hit on one of the bosses, while if your frames are high enough another boss rarely allows you to hit him (and this is already a very RNG dependant boss). So why is this an option? Because more options are supposed to make it better, right?Beyond that, there's many things that have no reason not to be updated, but weren't. This is pretty much a remake four times over, and they've still left it so you need a guide. Lets also mention that some of that guide used to be an instruction booklet, something you're not /really/ going to have in the same sense with a digital game. I can't even begin to account how much of my time was wandering around aimlessly before I just opened a guide.Here's an example, to progress in the game, at one point you need to talk to an NPC who's outside, an NPC who's inside, leave the city, then talk to the outside NPC inside as well. No hint that you need to leave. A normal person would even think ""Well, I've already checked on her, so there's nothing of use."" Nope, you need to check on her twice, in two different area, to progress. No hint whatsoever. And lets not forget these things could be patched. Things like additional dialogue boxes to tell the player where to go, or what options break what difficulties don't take long to implement. There's more that could be complained about, but you should really get the gist."
76561198113881719,Not Recommended,223810,29388998,Posted: 20 January,all,xXMoonlightXx,"You know I was nearing the completion of this game before I deleted it from my library. I honestly had to google who was this made for because it cant be for sane individuals ;this game  and its ' bumping system at the right angle"" is nothing but frustration and is simply not worth it. I heard it is a gem for the console it was bulit for; wonderful for the console. Maybe it is a poor port for PC. I dont know but running around a boss to hit him once then dodge his attacks repeatedly for 10 times is just ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. That is not fun and is instead meaningless. No healing items. No direction really after a certain point, just random..... I don't know, just confuzzled to say the least. Its best to buy something else than waste time on this."
,Not Recommended,223810,8712736,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Gough Whitlam,"Wow this game is ♥♥♥♥ing terrible, countless pointless NPC's, a crappy battle system and terrible music. After an hour wandering through countless areas that look the same with the same 2 enemies searching for something interesting while i grind for gold to buy a shield  (so i can start what i presume to be the main quest line) for over an hour i just cant bring myself to play this crap anymore. Maybe it does have a good story but really i can't say i'm willing to slave through this monotonous♥♥♥♥♥♥to find out."
,Not Recommended,223810,8462416,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,ChopinNocturne,Not support japanese
,Not Recommended,223810,26502867,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Okami,"Really don't know how this game is any good when the combat is the worst mechanic i've ever seen.Started it on normal, talked to everone, got a shotsword, died after fighting like 3 of the first enemies. It might help if combat wouldn't require me to run into enemies to deal damage. Attacking from an angle like the game tells you barely works, and eacht ime you get hit you lose 25% of your max health.I start the game over on easy, talk to the 2 main people and exhaust all their dialgoue, DON'T get a shortsword for whatever reason, get killed again even faster by mobs.Similar older games like the  a Link to the Past or Terranigma have proper real time combat, yet this game, ♥♥♥♥s it up completely.0/10 waste of my time."
76561197994007641,Not Recommended,223810,22694263,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Bucky O Hare,There isn't so much a battle system as there is a walk into enemies system. Which is both frustrating and boring. The only thing worse than the grinding is the dread that follows of how much time you wasted on bad games instead of living your life. You could have a girlfriend. You could go to the gym.Instead you're watching a sprite run into a skeleton for 30 minutes so you can try to get strong enough to survive 3 attacks instead of 2.My mother was right about me.
,Not Recommended,223810,8317655,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,bongineer,I was killed by a tree stump.
,Not Recommended,223810,34954383,Posted: 14 September,all,This is 𝑛𝑜𝑡 a scam.,"This fighting system is unreasonable. It seems entirely random as to when you get hit or not, and is not fun at all to me. Without being able to progress, it is not an accurate review, though."
,Not Recommended,223810,8037721,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,seph``,I prefer the more traditional JRPG type games and wasn't expecting this type of RPG at all. It was fun for about the first 30 minutes but gets repetitive and boring. The storyline didn't really capture my attention. If you expect the traditional battle style like in most JRPG (turn based) then this is definitely not the game for you.
76561198234280728,Not Recommended,223810,35100535,Posted: 21 September,all,Trump's Cat,Horrid!
,Not Recommended,223810,1311773,"Posted: 29 July, 2013",all,kevinski,"I've only played Ys I. It started off decent enough, with combat that's simple, yet satisfying. Unfortunately, the game just goes downhill once you get into a dungeon. It's hard to enjoy the dungeons when they're as confusing as they are. The combat remains pretty simple, with the first couple of bosses dying in a single hit if you happen to over-level as I did. The third boss (I believe) will completely destroy you. Your attacks don't land correctly, and it turns out that you need a certain weapon. Unfortunately, getting that weapon is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥You know, there's nothing wrong with back-tracking in a game, but it's a serious problem here when people throw out hints about stuff that you need without providing you with any context for it. Given how much was actually improved over the original versions, it's just really disappointing how confusing this damn game is.I won't even bother playing Ys II, and I just deleted my Ys I save and uninstalled the game. Not fun."
76561198041823237,Not Recommended,223810,8274077,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,no_ more_raining,"Starts off like a classical RPG, but combat is an absolute joke-you literally bump into enemies to kill them!?"
,Not Recommended,223810,13121681,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Spook Rooster,"A new level of terrible.No goal, useless NPCs, first weapon shop is locked, battle system is horrible, nothing to do."
,Not Recommended,223810,27749966,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Marin Shatterhand,A game where harder difficulty simply means more speed. ♥♥♥♥ing garbage.
76561198059095591,Not Recommended,223810,8452834,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Vendetta,Boring. suitable for toddler age gp. Attack by placing ur hero and press one direction only? It isnt action rpg. Bastion orJRPG eg luna on PS is so much better. money wasted.
,Not Recommended,223810,34876056,Posted: 10 September,all,Sis,.
76561198116356628,Not Recommended,223810,32741330,Posted: 24 June,all,nihilist74,Seems like it would be a great zelda like 16 bit game. The only thing i hate about it is the over use of dialogue and the bump combat system. Attacking things just by running into them is not fun for me. I hate clicking through all the dialogue and cut scenes.
,Not Recommended,223810,12733576,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,The Dainty Cossack,"I don't play the games for the weapons or fighting style but for storyline, atmosphere and immersiveness.The storyline in this game looks almost like satire of the worst and most predictable plot in a JRPG. You're  a chosen hero who needs to defeat the lord of evil. Sounds familiar? And let's not even go into the way the game delivers your quests. ""Hi, I'm the sorceress Mary and I have been waiting here all my life to give you this quest so you save the world. here, take this sword and go kill the lord of evil"". Whoa, that was a bit anticlimatic.Plot just sucks, characters are nonexistent. There is three small towns and a few random villagers. I imagine it might have been a masterpiece in the 80s before I was born, but it's just sad in 2014/2015.I thought the battling style was actually fun and different unlike most people here.Not recommended except for nostalgia."
76561198069358444,Not Recommended,223810,22914108,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,guapogringo101,Ys - nostalgia = 0/10I think only people who played it as kids could possibly like it
76561198107779127,Not Recommended,223810,34109653,Posted: 8 August,all,toammar2006,This game not bad
76561197960277861,Not Recommended,223810,7756936,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,[STA] Cheeto,"Use a wiki resource to learn about the Ys universe, because it's pretty cool. Maybe watch a Let's Play of this game, but sweet Science have we come a long way from this absolutely awful gameplay. It gave me Lagoon flashbacks..."
,Not Recommended,223810,34212811,Posted: 13 August,all,"Phoenix, Right?","Really really bad port, with tons of bugs, some of which make the game unplayable. Avoid this version and get one of the console ones."
,Not Recommended,223810,7917424,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,D-Proto,"Ys 1 sucks BIG TIME in my opinion, the combat system is boring and stupid, also you need to grind for like 2-3 hours just to proceed  to the introduction of the game, like really? insta-uninstalled.I haven't played Ys 2."
,Not Recommended,223810,23809476,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Tackleberry,"I got to the first few instances of combat and just thought, ""Really? That's how you play this game?"" This was probably great on the Super Nintendo or whatever but..."
76561198035915039,Recommended,223810,19201936,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Dragonofyre,"Got every achievement in these games. Great fun, but the final boss on Ys I is so unfair. Ys II is way easier. All around a real bumperpiece."
,Recommended,223810,19532031,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Alastor,"Unique combat style and overall interesting storyline, feels more like an adventure instead of a set linear path."
,Recommended,223810,19445169,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Makkura,"This is a remastered version of the classic Ys I and II games.This version includes various changes added in to previous remakes, including an added section at the begining of Ys I that was not part of the North American release on the Sega Master System originally.The game is a top down action rpg in similar fashion to the Zelda games.Having had the original game, I had plenty of nostalgia moments creeping through the Mines surrounded by darkness and strong enemies, of discovering secret doors, and getting lost in the last dungeon a few times.The gameplay is pretty much the same as the original but plays very smoothly, includes remastered sound and music, and allows controller use.This has been ported with a lot of care and I have noted no bugs or issues commonly found in ports and older games.I highly recommend this to any fan of classic RPGs or the Zelda games."
76561198128299324,Recommended,223810,19538248,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Baethoven,Great music. Challenging boss battles. 11/10 would not play again.
,Recommended,223810,7420413,"Posted: 18 October, 2013",all,Bob Likes Pie99,"Really good game for those who like top-down dungeon crawlers. While the game is shorter compared to others of the same genre, it is still worth the play and provides quite the challenge at times"
76561197989129610,Recommended,223810,8056014,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Megabyte [RSSD],"Considering this is two games instead of one, I have two reviews instead of one for them:Ys I is regarded as a classic retro game by most who have been able to play it. And it earns this title with ease. However, due to the game’s most common versions being on systems that didn’t really make it in the US, it is also a lost classic… but a flawed one. There is a lot of good to be had here, but some baffling decisions hold it back from being one of the best classic games you have never had the chance to play.To see my full review, please visit my blog athttp://redsectorshutdown.blogspot.com/2013/05/ys-i-pc-review.htmlYs II, on the other hand, is basically the game I wish Ys I was. The original was a classic title and made it obvious to see why, but it also made mistakes that could never be overlooked and prevented the game from being possibly one of the best of it’s time. Ys II seems to have been made to fix that, and is overall a much better game because of it.Once again, my full review is available at my blog athttp://redsectorshutdown.blogspot.com/2013/12/ys-ii-pc-review.html"
,Recommended,223810,8161028,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Neon/Nion(AZairdashes),There no real way to explain how awsome and fun this game is. I would recommend to anyone to buy this as well as any other YS game
76561197998699694,Recommended,223810,8132943,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,FarEastOfTengai,"If you love Ys, you know what you are in for. More classic greatness with an updated style."
76561197968204098,Recommended,223810,304586,"Posted: 19 February, 2013",all,Xtremist,Good ol days when your thumb went numb and began swelling well look no further! buy y's it is sure garanteed to give you carpa tunnel and hemmeroids. In fact this game is so much fun I played it for hours non stop till my eyes felt like cotton balls!! no seriously this game was really fun! I wouldnt mind if they began to add more games like this onto steam like remake final fantasy games for pc then add them to steam!
,Recommended,223810,6926116,"Posted: 19 August, 2013",all,Trainer Red,"Great fun game, I really do enjoy playing this game."
76561198077976415,Recommended,223810,8335412,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Rihce,"once you get used to the ""Bump"" System this game gets enjoyable. The remastered graphics are preety good for an old game and the sounds are not horrid. All in all its a cheap game thats enjoyable."
76561198082687177,Recommended,223810,8324487,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,hakfoo,"It feels like the guys who did this re-release noticed what we all hated in the re-releases of other JRPG franchises :cough:FF7:cough: and avoided them.The visual options are pretty sensible-- since it's a fundamentally sprite-based game, it looks good without anti-aliasing, as long as you like the 16-bit look, and widescreen is functional.You get a choice between three distinct sound sets, ranging from ""well, that's indeed what it sounded like on a 1980s home computer"" to orchestral.The controller support is not perfect-- everything's labelled in the config software as ""Button 6""-- but the defaults are pretty sane with a 360 pad.Unlike, say, Final Fantasy or Dragon Quest titles, these are actually a linear story with the same lead character and background."
76561198045118163,Recommended,223810,30467533,Posted: 12 March,all,Joseph Obsidian,"funny that as far as Steam is corncerned there are no reivews here, so in case you heard about the games and want to give it a try here's the deal:-what's this game?: a pseudo remake from a very old game, made from the ground up and updating it while trying to be loyal to the original in terms of gameplay-how does it play?: think the original The Legend of Zelda but instead of there being an attack button you run into enemies, while the original was realeased a year after Zelda it actually rips off another game called hydelide so no, it's not really a zelda clone-does it hold up?, Ys 1 does and has a charm to it but it has a terrible dificulty spike at the very end, it's not imposible and it's very short anyways, note that Ys 1 is kinda like Ys 2's Ground Zeroes in this package so the real meat is in Ys 2 wich in turn drags on forever and feels unfair at times-is this game representative of the entire series?: short answear: NO, Long Answear: Ys 1 and 2 are the only ones in wich you run into enemies and while Ys 1 is fun because of it's arcaic dessign, the other ones from Ys 3 onward are far superior and if what you want is an instantaniously fun and enjoyable game skip to Ys 3 onward, note that Steam's Ys 3 (Oath in Felgana) is actually a remake with entirely new gameplay based on Ys 6 (originally for the PS2, PSP and aviable here on Steam) as for the new gameplay it has more in common with Brave Fencer Musashi or Zelda Minish Cap (the last one just barely since the combat is way more complex)-do i need to play Ys 1 and 2 if i want to get into the franchise?: not really, since it's based on an old game aside of some tangential arcs there is barely any story on the game and can be read on a wikia, feel free to try Ys 1 since you can finish it on a day if you want but bare in mind that the story ends on a cliff hanger ending that goes directly into Ys 2's begining and Ys 2, for it's maze like level dessign in EVERYTHING has aged terribly bad, so feel free to wiki it and go for Ys 3-so what is the game's chronollogy, do i need to play them  in order?: since the games are Adol's travels and narrations the games from Ys 2 onward are out of order and while there is a time line i recomend you playing them in ny order as long as it's 3, 6 or Zero, then moving into seven and then into 4 or else you'll be struggling with the changes in gameplay since 0, 3 and 6 are based on the same gameplay, seven refins it and 4 beign the newest one takes a lot from 7 with some new twists, 0 BTW it's a prequel-so how many Ys numerical games are?: there are a lot of old Ys games but no old release is now considered canon and the steam and PSP/PSV versions are either remakes, amalgamations of old games (there used to be 2 Ys 3 games with different gameplays and 2 Ys 4s with different stories) or re imaginings of them so avoid anything pre PS2, that said aviable in their digital form there are:Ys 0 (here on Steam and PS4 and soon enough PSV)Ys 1 & 2 (on PSP/PSV and Steam)Ys 3 (on PSP/PSV and Steam)Ys 4 (the newest one so far only on the PSV)Ys 5 (so far no new version exists and the original Super Famicom version seems to be no longer canon)Ys 6 (Steam)Ys 7 (PSP/PSV)and that's pretty much it, Ys 1 and 2 are not bad games but are old and not for everyone so i do recomend them IF you have the patience and want to experience the stoy first hand"
76561198018803608,Recommended,223810,10053215,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,SanePLJ,"Great action rpg game, I never played this back in the day when it was originally released so glad i picked this up.Something some may or may not like is the bump system used for combat where you run towards the enemy and with this you damage it, it takes small amount of time to adjust to the way it works after which it is alot of fun.The music is In my opinon is great and has a story to match."
,Recommended,223810,2249329,"Posted: 13 July, 2013",all,Jonehoo,"If you like ""old school"" Action RPG's then this is the game for you. Soundtrack is great as well!"
,Recommended,223810,10198002,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Kriegen,"YS I & II Chronicles are oldschool, revamped games updated from the original games made about 20 years or so ago.  I never played the originals but I remember reading about them in gaming magazines and had some brief experience with one of them on the Super Nintendo so long ago.  Ever since then I've always beeen curious to see what the Ys games are about.The game is fast paced with a very simple interface.  The entire combat system is bump based.  Just run into badies and they die.  The challenge is that you cannot hit them directly on center or you will take damage.  It takes quite a bit of getting used to and you can quickly impale yourself on your enemies sword on Nightmare difficulty.  The music is just as energetic as the gameplay and keeps you moving along.  The xp system like all xp systems allows you to grind but you'll find no need to do so.  The character seems to level fast enough without the need to spend extra time smashing bad guys for no reason.  Which you'll probably do anyway because why not tackle everything in sight?!The story is fairly short and seems oddly familiar like most games of its era.  For some this may be disapointing.  I honestly enjoyed playing through the game with it's clear story that stays on track.  So many JRPGs of late take steps way out into the realm of crazy and confusing.  This game keeps it simple.  By the end I was satisfied but don't expect to spend countless hours in this game because it has no side quests or objectives at all.Final Verdict: NeutralBuy this game if you're a fan of Ys and like short games.  Avoid if you've got better things to do."
76561198042389743,Recommended,223810,10187413,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,hittokiribat,fun game
,Recommended,223810,8461072,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,iansg13,"Woww, why did nobody tell me just how GOAT this series is? Just finished 1&2 Chronicles + & im about halfway through Oath. For how simple the games are its the visuals and soundtrack that keep you roped in. Although the ""bumper cars"" battle system isnt very innovative in itself, it wasnt a game breaker for me, it was actually kind of refreshing to just have simple battles like that in an RPG for once. Bosses were actually difficult, and there are enough missable easter eggs that you can play through it a couple times and still not get them all. All in all a great series, for any rpg lover, and it looks like they are going to flash sale in about 20 minutes, so pick this up if you have the extra 3$."
76561198051358091,Recommended,223810,8462688,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Ghihom,"These games are a good 6-8 hrs playtime each these games as well as the rest of the Ys series are great hack and slash games.Ys origin and oath in felghana are the other games in the series,Ys oath in felghana continues to follow the main char from these 2 games.Ys origin is a prequel that tells how the demons came to be."
76561197999330895,Recommended,223810,8466048,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Ants like fake Cheese!,"Reminicent of classic RPGs of a begone era, a lot of effort has gone into remastering it for today's world and it can be seen throughout the game, the storyline is captivating coupled with witty dialog makes this one a must play!"
,Recommended,223810,8609071,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Wesu,"A retro gem. Gameplay is simple, but the trash mobs become pointless once you hit level cap and have all your gear. The bosses offer old-school challenging gameplay with a strong dose of salt."
,Recommended,223810,8641815,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,cgtobchristina,"You need something short, sweet, and with a punch? Ys I and II Chronicles+ is awesome!! You level your character up, grab the best equipment you can get, and save the world one boss at a time. Good luck exploring the world and discovering all the ins and outs of this game!"
,Recommended,223810,8657638,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,TUSDarryl,"*WARNING: This Review is specifically for Ys I. I have yet to finish II (although I recommend that one too), but until then here's my review for I.The game itself is very short in my opinion in terms of story, however the story is surprisingly compelling (or rather, interesting for those who don't feel the same enthusiasm). Gameplay is fun and simple. I can literally point my character in the right direction for an attack and go about that and drink a cola with my other hand.! Ha ha, well jokes aside, the game is beautiful and has a linear yet, NON-linear story to it. The game encourages you to explore and doesn't give you much direction at first, but trust me, you won't regret the exploration."
,Recommended,223810,1428976,"Posted: 9 August, 2013",all,Xaeius,"Ys I: Extremely Short, not worth the 15 dollars. I could've beat it in under 3 hours if I wasn't trying to find Achievements."
76561198072182182,Recommended,223810,6678238,"Posted: 28 September, 2013",all,Zeebrax the Astral Lifejacket,"The game this is a remake of is nearly 30 years old, but it's as fun and fast as ever -- this version simply has the advantage of being quite beautiful to look at.  You run face-first into enemies at an offset to damage them, which, believe or not, is quite satisfying.  Nothing ground-shaking storywise, but the tale it weaves is wonderful in its earnestness.   There's some real magic in this old game."
,Recommended,223810,7053880,"Posted: 5 April, 2013",all,HonestoBx,Muito bom! Honesto!
,Recommended,223810,8601667,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Tito,YS 1 OPYS 2 NOT AS OP BUT PRETY GOOOD
,Recommended,223810,1674159,"Posted: 26 February, 2013",all,GDwarf,"XSEED has released several of the Ys games over here, and I'm very glad that they have. The later Ys games play like a combination of Zelda with Diablo, or some other action-adventure RPG. These remakes of the first two are a bit different, with combat being based on the ""bump"" system, where enemies take damage when you run into them (though you'll take damage too if you run into them head-on). The plots are pretty much excuses for you to explore dungeons full of enemies and take artifacts, but the gameplay itself is quite fun.While I enjoy the later ones more, and there are a few annoying elements that haven't aged terribly well, the games still remain fun, and these remakes tie in together with the remake of Origin (also available on Steam) very nicely. Highly recommended, especially to Zelda fans."
,Recommended,223810,8470386,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,H-,"Oldschool, simplistic, adventerous. No fancy loot systems, no difficult to handle controls. Big boss fights, timed runs, replay value of any modern day rpg. Excellent buy on a steam sale for anybody needing to drop 20-30 hours on a retro hack n slash. Also - The boss fights are deliciously diverse and each with a wide array of mechanics to master if you attempt timed runs."
,Recommended,223810,8474856,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,buster2178,Love the classics.I like how they redid the game and brong it to pc in HD.All thumbs up from me
76561198121131773,Recommended,223810,8478989,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Yuki_MB3,"Played the initial Ys and it was a little short, also the leveling up was unusually quick for a game with rpg elements. Overall though a very pleasant experience with a hint of challenge in there. Looking forward to Ys 2 which is apparently much longer and sounds awesome."
,Recommended,223810,8556091,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Chompey,"Easily one of my all-time favorite RPG franchises, this is where it all started. Chronicles revives the vision Masaya Hashimoto had by introducing a re-vamped soundtrack, art, sprites and general configuration that supports modern systems and resolutions. The Ys Vanished saga is included in two parts, each one being a seperate game, and both games also enable the option of experiencing the game with PC-88 art/music, as well as the 2001 variant officially known as Complete.Simply put, if you are looking for a somewhat minimal action-rpg that has an engrossing plot, varied landscapes and engaging boss fights, then this is the game you're looking for. Seriously, you WILL have fun if you enjoy fast-paced action-RPGs. There are obviously a few flaws to the game such as an awkward leveling system (only in the first one), and inconsistent difficulty between bosses (also more prevalent in the first one), but the pros definitely outperform the cons for this fantastic epic.Also as a side remainder, there is a heavy lack of jRPG ports on PC from Japan to America. This is indeed a very sad, but real problem that we have had for the past many years now. XSEED is famous for making ports like these a reality for many of us niche players, as well as other rpg-gamers who enjoy these sort of games. This is why I urge anyone who actually enjoys jRPGs and especially the Ys franchise to support XSEED and purchase all 4 Ys games they've published so far (Ys I and II are packed, so it's 3 in the store along with Oath and Origins). With continued support we can expect XSEED to translate and pot even more jRPGs in the future, and that's the kind of thing that I could only dream of for so long up until now.So please, I know many people tend to pirate games since money is indeed a hard thing to come by, but make an exception to this great franchise, especially since it tends to go on sale once in a while for 75% off. It's how we can secure a good future for the ported/translated pc jRPG market."
76561198036099536,Recommended,223810,8518726,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,SilentFate,"Having played YS oath of felghana and YS ark of napishtim and YS Seven on PS2 and PSP respectively; i was not sure what to expect from Ys 1+2 and i am overjoyed to say it is the same fantastic top down action RPG / with fantastic NPC's and a simplistic yet enjoyable plot. I highly reccomend this game to anyone that are fans of RPG,s / action titles.I have yet to start YS 2, but YS 1 truly hooks you right away with a great style of presentation that the series is known for, although a little on the short side [10-15 hours or so] thats only the first title of the game. It intially threw me off guard that you need to run into enemies to do damage but that quickly subsides after an hour or so. Ys games are well known for their difficulty and amazing music and boss fights and this game does not dissapoint in the slightest. The soundtrack is fantastic and always fit the mood/setting perfectly. it is just pure joy to hack and slash dozens of monsters while exploring this intriguing envronment.  the boss fights are also challenging and on thing i love about the game is it does not hold your hand, you are free to explore wherever you will even if that means multple deaths trying to reach that elusive chest or just testing the waters in a new area, that lack of linearity is something i love about the YS games and this is no exception.A simple yet dynamic equipment system, a great bestiary and plenty of personality in the NPC's is something i love about the YS titles and this one delivers in that regard yet again. this game came out quite long ago [1997 or so] and i can definitely say it has stood the test of time as it is very enjoyable which is an impressive feat in itself.Honestly, i reccomend this game to its fullest extent. the YS series is one of the most unique and under appreciated RPG series out there and it deserves much more recognition. With the new YS game on PSP Vita just coming out, im hoping this series continues to excel at what it does best. Amazing soundtrack, Fun hack and slash elements, fantastic NPC's,  great sense of exploration, and a simplistic yet great plot are thing you will find in Ys 1+2.I sincerely reccomend it!"
,Recommended,223810,8439576,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,One True Monkey,"A rare gem. Remastered and visually pleasing for an old game. Story is good, cinematics are fresh, and boss battles are challenging, but entertaining. Would recommend for all and is a good introduction to Japanese RPG."
76561198058838611,Recommended,223810,7643299,"Posted: 12 November, 2013",all,Kain_Highwind,"Finally having finished Ys II, I can make a much better review. Ys I & II come together in this bundle and it is WELL worth the price. Ys I isn't the greatest but definitely not the worst. Level cap is 15, bosses are gimmicky, and the combat simple. However, the music, story, and characters are really nice and charming, allowing for a great experience even with this game's faults. That said, Ys II is something that justifies this bundle alone. Built upon Ys I, it fixes many of the problems, adds more dungeons and puts more life into the world. The characters are even better, with great music accompanying it. Overall, these two games are a wonderful addition to anyones library. I highly recommend this."
,Recommended,223810,13486718,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,tettsui77,"While I have yet to finish even the FIRST of the two original Ys games included here in this ""Chronicles+"" package, I can already quite firmly say that I am thrilled with my purchase, and would highly recommend this!  Whether or not you played any of the earlier iterations of these games, all RPG fans should be well pleased.  Even for those who are familiar with the original games (and the, before this, most superior version on Turbo CD) will have a good deal of new features to interest them and keep them excited.The game offers a high level of customization, to allow for the best possible play experience, also.  I personally prefer to use a gamepad for MOST of my gaming, and with my Logitek controller playing this feels just like the good ol' days of 8- and 16-bit RPGs.  However, if you want to use your keyboard and mouse, that is fully customizable as well.  Also, you can choose to play the game with the map taking up the entire screen area, OR in the classic bordered (""windowed"") view from the originals.  You can also choose the graphics style -- classic or the new updated version.  For me, it seems an obvious choice to play it fullscreen (within the game and on the monitor!) with the updated graphics -- as everything is absolutely beautiful and really keeps the feeling and spirit of the original while updating it for a new era.  As much as I love the classic look and feel of the oldschool stuff, when an update is done this well it truly does come off even better than the original.The first two installments of Nihon Falcom's classic series are brought to life in an excellent way, and I highly recommend this game (and the other Ys games on Steam)!"
76561198043516181,Recommended,223810,13474150,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Tjomas,I went in to these games with a mind set of I wanna see the story but ♥♥♥♥ the bump System and I have to say I was wrong WHile I love and prefer the combat of latter Ys games it was nice to go back and play how they started out and I have to say it was a fantastic experience.I had heard complaints about the games lack of direction and the fact that I would need a guide to get through this game and I have to say thats pretty much false while it is true that the game can be pretty half arsed with directions sometimes its normaly pretty easier to work out where to go and when it doubt talk to the last relevent story NPC.The game seems to have aged well for a 2001/9 port and I had no graphical or performance issues
,Recommended,223810,13787941,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,revengeofbigd,"The Good: All the slow-paced tedium in typical RPGs is removed: running is fast, dialog is started when touching a person, dialog can be zoomed through quickly. This makes the normally tedious process of talking and exploring towns fast and pleasant. Save anywhere, anytime. Funny Steam Achievements.The Bad: There's some backtracking.Should you play it? Definitely."
,Recommended,223810,13754844,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Embedian,YS I seem harder than YS II but YS II seem improved more details
,Recommended,223810,5654584,"Posted: 16 February, 2013",all,†₪TBC₪†🐾Don Ferny😸,"Well, it took 12 years to finally come out this saga officially in English, the classic YS I and II originally released in 1987 for the NEC PC 8801, is available for our enjoyment with upgraded graphics, this is, an excellent game that should not be missed. As an added bonus, this set contains three soundtracks to choose from, the 1987 wavesynth original for NEC PC8801, the version ""COMPLETE"" of 2001 and the new version ""Chronicles"" in 2013."
76561198040088671,Not Recommended,223810,17241586,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,jcates01,"Some older games hold up well as time has passed.  This one doesn't.  Unless you have a specific reason for wanting to play this game I would avoid it.  If you are just hoping to sit down and have a nice casual RPG experience, avoid this like a plague.  If you are unfamiliar with the series you'll likely spent your first 2 hours of gameplay talking to viallagers in the starting town and getting killed by the first 5 monsters in the field."
,Not Recommended,223810,17490397,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Addie,"this game is okay, confusing sometimes"
,Recommended,223810,17976104,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,DeadCrescendo,"YS II is a fantastic game despite a few rough spots (Escort Mission, cough cough) but overall is a classic, well designed Jrpg that I would recommend to anyone who enjoys the genre. True the combat can take adjusting to, but it has it's charm - which is why it wasn't updated. YS II is balanced and well made, and therefore not hampered by the antiquated combat system.YS I is also a great game. To a point. There will come a point in the later game, where you will encounter a boss. We'll call him ""Mine Bat Boss"" because you will need to Google this a lot to find ""helpful tips"" on how to ""beat"" him. Don't expect this to happen however, as it is literally impossible without cheating.The boss in question is the biggest exposure of the weakness in the ""Run into him really mean like"" combat system Ys was born on. My character, at max level, with the best equipment, cannot beat him. It can't be done. I have tried for over a year and just plain gave up - watched the ending on YouTube and moved onto the 2nd game.Ys II is worth the price of admission. And Ys 1 is great, if you want to play 3/4 of the way through before questioning the existence of a loving god. It does have lots of important story aspects for those 3/4 though, and should you beat the boss in question. I applaud you. I am a broken gamer, and will now drown my sorrows as I boot up YS 3.The...the remake...not the horrible SNES one."
76561198043920670,Recommended,223810,17762404,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Red The Red,"The controls took a little getting used to so, word of advice, Save just before you venture out of the first town. I talked to everyone in that town 4 times.I am dumbAll in all awesome game. Great story/sound/characters/gameplay."
,Recommended,223810,867035,"Posted: 25 July, 2013",all,toki,"This is for both Ys 1 & 2, since steam seperates them as two different titles. I would just like to say that this is an amazing remake of both games. Having finished the second game after a 10 hour marathon, I have to say that they really improved the gameplay dramatically. It flows much better than the PCEngine(TurboGrafx 16 in North America) version, which was the first version of Ys 1 & 2 that I had played. The music is simply amazing. The old tracks are reworked by Nihon Falcom's in house band, Sound Team JDK. All the remixed music sounds great, and has a hard rock feel to it. All in all, if you have never played any Ys game, and you enjoy top down ARPGs such as Zelda, I can't reccomend this enough. Definitely worth the asking price and more if you ask me."
,Recommended,223810,7878446,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,DeadSilent,Such an amazing series its a must play!Creative puzzles aswell as epic storyline and dialogue lots of action and monsters aswell as epic boss battles drama plot twists and a whole lot of fun!I recommend all Ys games!!!!
76561198013457383,Recommended,223810,16949757,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Artigan202,1st hour is boring as balls but then gets addicting when you start your quest. after that its stress inducing if your going for nightmare or time trial acheivement. totes good
,Recommended,223810,17118984,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Mofuji,"This review isn't going to try selling you on the games, because I have no reservations to admitting that I am a diehard Ys fan, and that YES, YOU SHOULD BUY THESE, PLAY THEM AND LOVE THEM. DO IT. DO IT NOW. Instead, this is just some thoughts on the nature of the latest round of remakes and how, it seems, Falcom is just stuck in their ways.The one thing that bothers me the most about the first Ys is that, no matter how many times it's remade by Falcom, they never once increased the level cap. The DS remake by another company did this, albeit simply by halving the stat boosts you got, effectively making you have to work twice as hard for the same stat boosts in any other version. Couple this with the fact that you should in no way be lower than max level before entering Darm Tower voids any reason for enemies to give EXP, other than to have yet another number for your bestiary. Also, not being able to harm Dark Fact without the whole set of silver gear, which is NOT Cleria (even though the silver sword should technically be a Cleria weapon via Origin) and is inferior to the battle set also makes no sense, other than that Falcom is so set in their ways that they refuse to modify anything outside of the graphics and music in any remake of Ys I.Ys II, for all the hidden content and overall amazing upgrade, has undergone exactly one change, content wise, which is the inclusion of mascot key chains. In all of these years, that's the best Falcom could manage? Again, much like the first game, it seems as though they are stuck in this mindset that the first two games should never be changed in any radical way, while the other remakes, Oath and Memories, have gone through such radical changes that it's hard to believe that they're from the same company.Why are Ys I&II meant to lanugish so, chained to a past that Falcom doesn't seem to want to forget, yet other remakes are free to be so different? I don't think anybody will ever know for sure, and I'm positive that in 20 years time and after several more remakes, I will still be asking why Adol has a level 10 cap and why he can't win with the battle set in Ys I Ultra Hyper Turbo Redux Mega 2035 Special Edition that came with a life size Feena figure.Also, YES, YOU SHOULD BUY THESE, PLAY THEM AND LOVE THEM. DO IT. DO IT NOW."
76561197971410445,Recommended,223810,17859390,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Zaris,Ys I & IIIs an Old School Gameing styleThe game might seem bad to some people out thereBut if the grafics dosent matter to you but the story does this game is for uAwsome Story  Also the game have a very good Sound Track
,Recommended,223810,41814,"Posted: 2 March, 2013",all,micpp,Awesome classic JRPGs with great music
76561197974883007,Recommended,223810,16719911,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Crythorn,"The story is great (love all ys stories) but the combat will make half potential buyers rage.I tried it, but I cant do the ""corner bump"" fighting mechanic, so i just watched some one stream the game instead, they have my money for the game, and i got to watch the story without wanting to punch my monitor.so maybe watch a youtube vid or stream before you buy just so you dont get dissappointed and frustrated"
,Recommended,223810,15757174,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Sigilbreaker,"The YS series are probably best described as Action JRPGs - even though they have a traditional JRPG aethetic, they use a Legend of Zelda style overworld.GameplayYS IThe gameplay is very... unique. It's buttonless, and you attack by charging around the battlefield, with Adol (the protagonist) swinging his sword as he hits enemies. They will hit back unless you come at them from a corner or just off centre. Initially its a bit hard to get a hang of it, but once you do its a blast. There's very little grind after half way through the first game, meaning you can just rush through areas you've already gone through, trashing weak opponents quickly and cutting down backtracking time.The bosses are the real highlight, most of them are very challenging and rewarding to fight (with one exception...) with the final boss being a strategic fight as much as an action-packed brawl.There are also puzzles; some of them can be a bit obtuse, but I never had to use a guide until I was trying to get some of the more obscure achievements.In terms of level design I found the mine dungeon confusing to get through but apart from that it was fairly reasonable.YS IIThe combat gameplay is kept largely the same, with the introduction of new unique spells like the fireball, which gives a lot of variety, especially for most of the boss fights. The other spells are nice, especially this one that adds a stealth element shall we say (I'll say no more for fear of spoilers.)There is another mine in this and it is just as confusing, as well as this temple thing near the end that sometimes feels like a maze (not as bad as either of the mines though).Graphics/AestheticsYI+IINothing amazing, but I fins the combination of sprites for gameplay and portraits for talky-bits well-executed and with some retrocharm in there as well. The aesthetic design for the character portraits is very 90s -JRPG, so if anything animeish reduces your enjoyment of a game, you have been warned.It won't blow your socks off though.SoundYS I+IIThis WILL blow your socks off. The music is this crazy good rock music that stands apart form the usual JRPG faire and suits the frenetic pace of the combat. The boss themes in particular are heartpounding. It sounds great and complements the gameplay perfectly so it knocks it out of the park as far as I'm concerned.StoryYSI + IINothing spectacular. Held back by a silent protagonist and a rather simple world (which improves marvellously in the second game). However, it is well told and well paced, with some great supporting characters to keep it going. There are definitely some standout moments. Most importantly, it is well written (thanks be to XSEED, long may they localise) and never lets the talking get in the way of the action.ConclusionIt's well worth the price; solid retro action and a decent story. The one thing I will say is that the challenge level is reasonably high, especially for a JRPG. This is particularly true of the final parts of the first game since grinding is not an option.I'll say this as well, its made me very interested in the sequels and Falcom's Legend of Heroes series.At a guess it takes about 10-15 hours to beat both games."
,Recommended,223810,15458399,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,Ermor,"You know... I'm very split down the iddle with this game. I dont know how i feel about it, but the art style is definately in my taste."
,Recommended,223810,16749047,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,【✘】 ShinMugen,"Great game (and serie), classic JRPG from master system. However the last boss is way too random. Had a hard time beating him in nightmare. This game is a great challenge and a good experience for old-school RPG lovers.(If you still didn't played it, jump on it)+ :Beautiful retro graphics.Choice between originals artworks/OST and ramade ones.Great OST.Interesting story.Unique fighting features.Did i say Great OST ?Challenging mode (NIghtmare).You can save everywhen and evrywhere (excepted in boss battle of course)Hidden funny success.- :You can't grind (Might be hard for people new to RPGs).Some Boss are kinda Random.A bit short for a RPG."
,Recommended,223810,16496562,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Ligond,"Ys I:Great game.  Combat was a bit hard to get used to, but by the end I quite liked it.  Story was decent.  One complaint, the final boss is the worst most bull**** fight I have ever experienced.  Do yourself a favor and when you get to the final boss, just watch someone else do it on YouTube and pretend you did it.  Took me 3 hours to do a boss fight that, when I finished it, took about 30-40 seconds.Ys II:After playing Ys I I went straight into Ys II and after finishing it I have to say, I think it is quite a bit better than the first.Improvements over Ys I;- The combat is faster and, in my opinion, quite a bit easier.- The monsters are harder, which combined with the easier combat is a good thing.- The addition of magic adds another layer to a game which was really fairly basic without it.- A level cap higher than 10 also gives you a way to improve and work for, since in Ys I you can get to level 10 pretty quickly.- The bosses are less luck based and more skill based, including the final boss thank god.- Return magic, Return magic, Return magic!- Mascots...Cons;- Sometimes the monsters are a bit too tough, though it is possible that I just didn't have good enough equipment at the time.- The limit on items like apples, flowers, etc. is somewhat annoying, though I can understand why it's there, since you could just grab like 99 herbs and never die during a boss fight.Very few complaints about the games, Ys II is definitely an improvement and I look forward to playing the later games."
,Recommended,223810,11764965,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,kalesyd,"I really enjoyed this revamp of a classic. Having had many memories of playing Y's on the SMS as a kid, I was worries they may have overdone things. They did not. Everything from the graphics, to the sound, to the improved dialogue makes this game a joy to play. Having never had the opportunity to play Y's II, getting to complete the story and tie up the loose ends left by Y's was fantastic. This game was worth every cent."
,Recommended,223810,11487998,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,ちはやふる✦ ✧,I have always been a fan of the YS series as well as the Legend of Hero Series. Go Nihon Falcom!!! <3
76561198070462664,Recommended,223810,11530121,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,dawsoncreak64,"Ys, The Ideal Utopia.Those words were made famous, courtesy of the Turbo-Grafx CD version, which was for a long time (especially in the states) considered the definitive version of Ys I & II. Here, not only are we treated to a much more ""modern"" version, but this is also the 3rd version of the Ys I & II Eternal remake that was released on the PSP a few years back, making this the definitive edition. So if you want a great classic RPG but don't have either a PSP or Vita, this one's for you!"
76561197994951724,Recommended,223810,11524063,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,hpglow,Used to own this on TG-16 back in the day.  This game brings back some good memories.  The combat is a little dumb but given the age of the original this is excuseable.
,Recommended,223810,11583535,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,psycosulu,"At first I didn't think I'd like the bump mechanic (seriously, you kill monsters by running into them at an angle) but it grew on me.The story is a cliche from the 80s and 90s RPGs but that is when these games were made.The game is short but I think it was worth it."
,Recommended,223810,6351758,"Posted: 21 March, 2013",all,RoseVersailles,"""Ys I& II Chronicle"" spielen 700 Jahre nach ""Ys Origin"". Adol Christin, der endlich ein Abenteuer werden möchte, begibt sich auf die Reise ins sageumwogende Land, wo vor 700 Jahre der Kampf zwischen Yunica Tovah, Hugo Fact und die Zwillingsgöttinnen Reah und Feena gegen die Darklings statt fand.... im Darm Tower."
76561198025463146,Recommended,223810,11823871,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,hsd,Pretty classic
,Recommended,223810,4620147,"Posted: 24 July, 2013",all,Furin,"this is so much funcombat is a little bit strange, you run into enemies and hit them automaticallybut that makes the game pretty fast too"
,Recommended,223810,11440278,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Strykus,Ys 1: - .....most frustrating last boss evar. But still a semi decent quick game
,Recommended,223810,11372303,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Enteroctopus,"I have never in my life heard of this game until I caught Johnny Millenium talking about it on his channel..Got Steam a couple years ago..annd once I saw this one there I had to get it.Have not completed it just yet due to work,and life getting in the way.The battle system is unique..You just bump into the enemies and fwoosh! they are gone.Buy this game,and how some love for one of the greatest JRPGs of all time."
,Recommended,223810,11337798,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,KenHji,Classic!Old style Japanese RPG.
,Recommended,223810,11471563,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,dragon_blade,*warning the bump system may take some getting used to*if you do not like this game because of the bump system then you mind as well pass. The bump system  is the games battle system (obviously) The way it works is you have a few options on attack your monsters. you can attack the side of the monster or the back of it. But never ever ! attack the front of the monster.  It actually makes for some good stadegy to involved with the game. you have to watch the monsters movement patterns to see what they do before you go in for the attack.SoundObviously the ost will show some age but it really does sound amazing  some people like to mod the game to play the newer version of the soundtrack but play it with the older vesion of the sound track first .https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=VOWTW3FTKe8&list=PL4692B44D5F14124E&index=17Heres the world map theme to get a hint of what to expect.over all i would check it out well worth the $14.  (some parts you may need to look up a map or two) I did find some areas a little confusing to navigate through as there is barely any hint to puzzles that you have to solve but other then that it is a decent game.
76561198056067731,Recommended,223810,11456338,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,feartheforce,"Dark Fact is perhaps the hardest boss I have ever faced in ANY game. That said, I much prefered Ys II over Ys I (magic rapes), but these two games were highly challenging and rewarding. I beat Ys I on Hard mode, and I beat Ys II on Nightmare.There are puzzles in theses games, as well as backtracking. In order to finish these games faster, I had to ""look up"" certain information. Overall though, there is some replayability, as well as time attack.Personally, I would give both a 5/5. Adol is a beast."
,Recommended,223810,6578735,"Posted: 22 September, 2013",all,HAP,i cornered a goddess in a narrow placegot an achievement for that11/10
,Recommended,223810,30485702,Posted: 12 March,all,FuryForce,Worth the buy especially on sale!
,Recommended,223810,11881571,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,BJ,Best part of these games are the bosses. The rest of it is okay but the bosses are really cool. It has a good soundtrack with 3 versions to choose from.
,Recommended,223810,11869073,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Koreth,"A good JRPG to play over a weekend. It's relatively short as JRPGs go but feels neither rushed nor padded out. The story, while hardly original, is good enough to propel things along. There is a good sense of humor buried just beneath the surface -- you don't get much of it if you just stick to the main quest without deviation, but try doing off-the-wall stuff and a lot of time the results will be pretty funny. Combat is quick and doesn't get stale, and there's a good variety of boss fights, some of them quite difficult even if you've leveled up."
,Recommended,223810,11951492,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Manderton,Run into things while good music plays.
,Recommended,223810,11953377,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Da Killah Genius,"Its a Short ClassicIt Reminds Me of ""The Legend of Zelda:A Link to the Past"", Except Theres Barely Any Magic items too Fight Creatures/Enemies, Which Makes It a Challenge for Me, I Love It, Part 2 Gets Advancingly Better....."
,Recommended,223810,1668679,"Posted: 29 July, 2013",all,Squiddlez,"The Ys series is possibly one of the best rpg's out there and has brought it's creators such joy that they've ported the game 6 times, 4 of which have been improved on with better graphics, music and include the options to switch to older graphics/music from each port.Oh and did I mention the original was published in 1989? The only way the original FF even matches up is because of releases for Android/Windows/iOS phones and the ""Wonderswan"" But they never updated the graphics!"
76561198086884314,Recommended,223810,16235492,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Justaway,Amazing rpg game that any fan of the genre should take a look at. Dark Fact is just waiting for you. >:)
76561198021990624,Recommended,223810,16143988,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,peeeveee,"Skill-based action RPG, from the 8-bit days of old. Atmospheric.Ys I is an RPG game where you level up. You the player, that is. The combat requires some practice to pull off, and boss battles need quick reflexes and even more practice. When you finish the last battle after failing at it 20+ times due to your lack of skill, it feels like an achievement. Boss battles in Ys have an instant-retry mechanism that mostly removes frustration from the try-try-again approach.Ys II is somewhat similar, but less skill-oriented, as the difficulty level felt lower and the grind level higher. Boss battles, which still retained some challenge, seemed more strategy than reflex based.The graphics are of course very retro, but gameplay-wise, these games are fun to play also today.Surprisingly, even though there's not much to speak of story-wise in these games as the writing is very formulaic and limited, they somehow manage to create a mystical atmosphere, which especially for Ys I felt like playing Greek legends. That, in addition to the engaging gameplay mechanics and the manageable playthrough time vs. difficulty level, made these games fun to play."
,Recommended,223810,16379588,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,falaflame,"It's a great game, but if you've already played the other 100 versions, you won't find anything new here."
,Recommended,223810,3423911,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,Azure Sky,"Ys has changed rather dramatically over the years but Ys I & II Chronicles+ is as good a place to start as any. As with most early Ys games on the PC Engine, Ys I & II has a ""bump"" mechanic for combat. The idea being that you chip the enemy sprite to maximize your damage. Honestly it's a love or hate kind of thing but I personally love it. Thankfully most of the Ys games are stand alone but I suggest playing I & II in order at least."
,Recommended,223810,14603323,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,Dark Bahamut,"This is the definitive version of the first couple Ys games. The classic unique gameplay is joined by beautiful updated 2D visuals and kickass music. In fact, the soundtrack for these games is among my favorites of all time. And if you are feeling nostalgic, you can switch to the original versions of the songs on the fly. Portraits can also be changed to another version, bringing the best of all worlds into this version. These games are little gems that should not be overlooked, and this compilation does them ultimate justice."
,Recommended,223810,8264408,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,sJorgy,JUST AS HARD AS I REMEMBER IT ON SEGA... DAFAQ NOW I HAVE TO BUY A NEW KEYBOARD BECAUSE I SMASHED MY OLD ONE..
,Recommended,223810,8320489,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Buttstuff,Run into♥♥♥♥♥♥until every demon is dead. Save often as the game is very unforgiving like they used to make em. Fun and unconventional. Like a Zelda game where you level up.
,Recommended,223810,8323079,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,gameboysp13,"I just finished with both 1 and 2 and glad to say these games are timeless classics. One thing you will love about these two are the great storytelling. You will definetly be drawn into the lore of the franchise just like you will into the two games' main stories due to a cause of fascination. The characters in the game are great and really memorable especially the main character. Another this is the gameplay is a major improvement over Hydlide on the NES, In wich this game was hated by many including famous gamers like the Angry Video Game Nerd and Jared who now has his own YouTube account. The familar battle system goes through where Hydlide went wrong and fixes a whole lot of problems making it as enjoyable as intended. The game rewards you for exploring everthing especially when the game now has achievements. One last thing you will love about them is the great presentation.The games visuals are astounding even when in the animated cutscenes. The music is so beautifully orchestrated, they need their original soundtracks because From the rock songs to Feena's calming theme which is a great example of how great of a job you can do when it comes to classical music, these songs are would be nice to have on your music player. These two games are really great and are not worth missing out on. I am now into the Ys series itself. Now my aims are towards Oath in Felghana and Origins."
,Recommended,223810,8304861,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,PrinnyLink,One of my  all time  fave  games id have to say if you want a old time time  feel of   gameing this i  one the best game to get the feeling  you can sit down and jsut play threw 1 and 2 and  just lose you self in the story  if you looking for a  good  Jrpg this the game :D
,Recommended,223810,619398,"Posted: 1 March, 2013",all,-[Badger]-,pretty good game. fast though. you progess through half of it in a very short time. I like it. always have liked the Ys series. however the bump attack system is ancient. more so than this game and has its flaws. like getting trapped head on in a door or hall with an enemy. you have to take damage. the boss battles are also a challenge with this system but not completely hard. there is an updated UI or classic if you like. the game works great with a controller. another nostalgic release of Ys. even with its flaws its a good set.6.0/10 - Ys I7.0/10 - Ys II
76561198044630046,Recommended,223810,10638518,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Rangasm,"It is great to see the old Ys games revamped and remade like this. The games maintain the original 8-bit storyline, plot and gameplay, but with plenty of improvements (including graphics, additional plot elements, side quests etc) which help to augment this JRPG experience.However, whilst these improvements make the games vastly better than the originals, when compared to modern JRPGs and other Ys games on Steam, they may be considered a little light in content and lacking in a lot of areas.The famous ""bump"" combat system returns in these games, and whilst one might be skeptical of it working, it actually works enjoyably well in my opinion. However, I completely accept that the combat system will definitely not appeal to everyone.Overall, I'd recommend it to people who are fans of the Ys series, but if you're a newcomer, I'd suggest trying other Ys games first."
,Recommended,223810,10829793,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Coco,"This review will be updated as I complete the game. I have never played any of the Ys games, so here is my start. The first 2 hours I have spent so far have been lovely. The visuals are beautiful, the soundtrack is amazing, especially being able to swtich between the 3 versions on the fly. The dialogue is great, the mass of npc's is appreciated. So far, I am absolutely in love with this game. I actually like the 'bump' combat system so far. About to face the first real boss, so we shall see how I feel afterwards..."
,Recommended,223810,18720735,"Posted: 27 October, 2015",all,adam_s09,"highly recommended, especially if you like old-school RPGs.it's basically ""what if Zelda were more of an RPG than an action adventure game?"""
76561197966942525,Recommended,223810,18437952,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Bumra,"I really had no idea what the Ys games were before I bought the Chronicles when they were on sale. I figured that since they had high ratings they were some sort of hipster rpg games that you've never heard about.Boy was I wrong. I played through the first one in one sitting on normal. The next day, I played it on easy to get missed achievements. Next day, started playing II. Next day (today) started the first one on Nightmare.They're simple games. You bump, you gain exp, you do a few quests, and you die. On nightmare. You die a lot. On easy it's a breeze, don't stand in fire and all will fall before you. But they're so goddamn addictive! I can't remember the last time I enjoyed a game as much as these two. First time runners: unless you're looking for something to just kill some time start with *at least* normal. Skipped from normal to NM so can't tell how the game is with hard, but I doubt it's anything you can't overcome.And the best thing. The goddamn soundtrack. I've had my share of game OSTs but this went to the #1. Even now I'm listening to soundtrack on Youtube. It's just unbelievable. Well, some might disagree.Why you should buy this game? Great arpg, simple but addicting combat, bosses are actually bosses (the bat doesn't exist) and the challenge is always there, but almost always it feels fair.Why you shouldn't? If you're looking for a deep story, character customization and/or a long playthrough following a single campaign, this isn't propably your ideal game. But if you see it on sale like I did grab it and give it a shot! You just might find a new favourite franchise...."
76561198109292770,Recommended,223810,18917942,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Ozborn,"Great game, I have them all but this is where it all started. A must play for those who love the series."
76561198091491272,Recommended,223810,19078676,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,ndcbaxter0,"A must play for Ys fans, although the bump system and difficulty curve take patiance to survive."
,Recommended,223810,12798163,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,The Admiral,Do not miss any equipment.  The game is impossible to beat without all the equipment.
76561198052372005,Recommended,223810,19009080,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Reslain,"A good game with a bit of an odd combat system, i like it."
,Recommended,223810,6633699,"Posted: 7 August, 2013",all,[Nagatomo],"Um dinossauro do RPG, provavelmente o qual serviu de inspiração para os maiores clássicos de RPG de ação. Obrigatório para quem gosta do gênero."
,Recommended,223810,24554066,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,Sandypants,"Takes ""bumping off"" to its most literal extremes."
,Recommended,223810,24488391,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Battletoad,recommend
,Recommended,223810,31849500,Posted: 19 May,all,Weenie Tot,Best bulldozer simulator of all time.
76561198004473041,Recommended,223810,33199190,Posted: 3 July,all,Ruddy,"Brilliant! a throwback too old school rpgs that dont hold your hand and make you think. The unique combat system is also alot of fun and the game has aged very well. The story is intresting, the gameplay is fun and on higher difficulties its a great challenge. Fell in love with both of these games and will look too play more Y's games in the future"
,Recommended,223810,33175631,Posted: 3 July,all,D4nc1n9M00nL19h7,"I like the ""Ys Eternal"" version more. but It's okay"
76561198104052219,Recommended,223810,33385007,Posted: 8 July,all,Shokka,"One of the most resfreshing Jrpgs i've ever played, from the same devs as The Legend of Heroes, truly just a great dev."
76561197969683432,Recommended,223810,33283141,Posted: 5 July,all,yidaki53,"The nightmare mode is just too difficult... But yeah, very rewarding game. Much better than the 3D-sequels. Recommended if you want to waste ~10hrs. Great music as well."
,Recommended,223810,33531712,Posted: 14 July,all,kindred.dread,"Ys I is great. It's a tight, short game with simple mechanics. You just 'bump' into enemeis to attack, but never straight on, so there is finesse to it. Running across the fields, mowing enemies and running into them as they all blow up into bits of bones flesh and gore is so satisfying. Bosses are a really good challenge, and torwards the end they all become consistently high quality and are rewarding to defeat. The music is fantastic as well.Ys II is almost good. It brings the same gameplay to the table, adding in magic and mapping items to a key to heal on the fly. The magic is good- light to brighten up surroundings and reveal hidden enemies, fire as a standard chargeable projectile, and my favorite- turning into a creature to converse with enemies, with each you encounter having specific and unique dialogues. They talk a lot about shifts and something of urban legends about the protagonist, or just funny things. It's great.However, Ys II falters in a few ways. The game is just SO labrynthine. This wasn't a problem in I- there was one cave area which was annoying but it doesn't really even touch how bad it gets in II. Places are just so large and complex, which would be okay, but often times paths look very similiar and there aren't enough landmarks or distinctive areas to really know where the hell you are a lot of the time. And lots of dead ends too. Being an ARPG this isn't as bad as it could be, but enemies will still respawn and there's just no map function. Worse yet, combined with this you can miss important items and will have to backtrack again on top of already required backtracking. It's annoying, especially when you've finally reached a boss but it turns out there's a sword that will let you do more than mere chip damage to them. I couldn't finish the game, I reached about 3/4ths through it when I decided I had enough. It's a shame because there's a lot of good qualities but the map design makes it a tedious game.The end result is that I is fantastic and II is worth a shot but not as good. Regardless, they both have good qualities. Not enough can be said of the good music, and the core gameplay is still good in both- just bogged down in II by other things."
,Recommended,223810,16555986,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,ＨＥＹ　ＷＡＳＳＨＩ,Last I played this was some 10 years ago or so. Played this with the new rocking music and generic art. Everything else is as I remember.READING COMPREHENSION IS REQUIREDI find Touhou on Lunatic and Mushihime-sama on Ultra easier to the final boss on Nightmare difficulty.
,Recommended,223810,13859327,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Blank,"Two classic games, one great price! Very unique and old school gameplay system that has you run into enemies off center and diagonally respectively to damage them. These games can be easy at times but more often than not they are tough as nails. If you're looking for a challenging fast paced game then look no further. Ys I+II aren't very long games (10 hours or so on normal) but the Nightmare difficulty is very challenging and unforgiving, Demon/Dark Souls unforgiving at times or even worse."
76561198075606641,Recommended,223810,13903705,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Nevachan,"Ys 1: If Adol (the main character) were a Pokemon, his only moves would be tackle and flee.Soundtrack is nice too.The bosses though are a pain to deal with."
76561198247462260,Recommended,223810,19912417,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,maku11037,Best game
76561198031975325,Recommended,223810,20025570,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,adfl,Early days as I just played around with it for few minutes....still plays well. Definately old school JRPG
,Recommended,223810,20259642,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Izzy,"Where to begin...I've started my journey os Ys on the MSX, still untranslated from japanese.No idea what was happening around, but running with your sword on enemies killed them and numbers increased in the bottom of the screen, seemed like the right thing to do.But enoughtalk, have at youof the past, let's review this version of the game :DVery well drawn graphics and sprites, it's a great revamp from the MSX version i played long ago (the port is actually from other ports, you can even select the graphic styles you want). Ys I & II is actually a single game, divided in two parts (Ancient Ys Vanished Omen and Ancient Ys Vanished: The Final Chapter)Since it's a port from an old RPG, it may feel kinda short for the new players, but there is quite alot of story, and if you play the whole series, a very interesting one.Boss fights are always difficult at first, until you realise that you must grind some and get a level or two, and everything turn out really easy then. (yes, the levels are quite limited in number, but you'll notice that 3 points of attack can change from no damage, to some damage, to beatable, to breeze. same goes for defense)I've replayed this game many times, in different re-releases/ports, so i can guess a 5 out of 5 score is pretty much what it deserves :)"
76561198051698065,Recommended,223810,20266726,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,seir,"I've been a fan of the Ys series since I first played it on the Sega Master System in my Teens.  I still enjoy going back to one of the games in the series every now and then--the Turbo Duo is my favorite incarnation.The Chronicles remake was very good and I'll likely play it again some years down the road. Definitely recommend.The ""bump system"" in Chronicles is a little more difficult than in the old Master System and TG-16 versions--on those, once you got the hang of it, you could easily line up to always get your hits in without getting hit back, the Chronicles version balanced that out a bit, so that enemies react more quickly to your movements and they're better at adjusting to lne back up to hit you. Whether you consider this a plus or minus is up to you, I view it as both, was nice to have to work a little harder, but it also did make certain strategies that worked well in the older games almost completely fall apart in Chronicles (eh, really it was gaming the system anyway ;) ) ."
,Not Recommended,223810,19767869,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Wharfy,"I didn't really enjoy it. Could not get the hang of the combat, which entails running into the enemy to deal damage. If you hit the enemy head on (your face meets enemy's face), then you will take damage."
,Recommended,223810,24436939,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Crow Armburst,Dark fact is a joke
76561198001788291,Recommended,223810,17873362,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Neins,The only way to keep my memories with me is buy the PC version of the game.
76561198124942043,Recommended,223810,24894240,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,MTSolven (ぼうけん),Feena!!!
76561198056315929,Recommended,223810,21090052,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Reinhardt,"Ys 1 & 2 are really great little rpgs, they are not that long when compared to other rpgs but they sure are fun. The soundtrack is great also. The end bosses were very challanging, i kept getting REKT."
76561198152467105,Recommended,223810,20778759,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,jesanchez1316,"The Soundtrack is Everything. I only beat it in hard mode because I already own this for the psp and overcoming dark fact in nightmare was painful. Took me at least 70 tries. Long story short, buy this game. It is a great retro game and a worthy edition to long time Ys fans."
76561198059630616,Recommended,223810,20886645,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,-=duko24=-,its like final fantsy
76561198021844334,Recommended,223810,21207905,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,christiano.keller,"The game is cool, but keep in mind that it is old. The bump mechanics is quite different to play.Pros:+ Story+ Achievements, there are some secret ones+ Save almost at any time+ Music and graphic according to the concept of age of creationCons:- If you miss some specific achievements, you make the game really hard to play- Some clues or instructions are not straight forward, you need to connect some dots and it is not expected at allI do recommend this game, you will have a lot of fun."
76561198041902808,Recommended,223810,4792555,"Posted: 16 May, 2013",all,Tuxedo Ramen,"BUMPAN GAEMSBut really, if you can get used to the odd way of attacking enemies, it's a smooth as butter RPG with a kickin soundtrack."
76561198019628632,Recommended,223810,20481284,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,StephenLeo,"Most of ys I: Man that boss was tough, but after several attempts I was able to read its pattern.Enter Dark Fact;The last part of ys I: I HATE YOU, I HAte you, I hate you, I hate you, I haTE you, I hAte you, die in a hOle, Why were you even made you fire spamming piece of garbage!So in conclusion; pretty great game 10/10."
,Recommended,223810,20469108,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,Genki,"Not sure who tought that dashing against your opponent shoulder was a good way to make up the combat system for this two games but sure as hell its pretty darn original.Its a really good game with great music and a decent story, if you like action rpgs this series is definitely for you."
,Recommended,223810,20577939,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Optimus_Mega,"(Ys1) The game is really difficult for stupid reasons; but it saves itself by offering up a decent story, and lead ins  to the sequel. It suffers from the lack of tangible enemy ai that just wander around the area beyond the few that are sentient enough to know that Adol exists. Bosses are the big issue with this game since it's more RNG than skill based, if you mess up while attacking, you simply got a bad pattern if you're competent in using the awkward bumping system to attack. Despite it's shortcomings, it's oddly fun to redo fights over and over again because the save system is so flexible. You will however be unable to Save during boss fights... I can't recommend the first one because it is simply not worth playing if you're not looking to play the entire series. It's very short in length, and is very Vague at times as to what to do during your progression of the game.(Ys2) This is where it starts to actually get good beyond the soundtrack or updated graphics of this Remake. This time around you actually have a competent way with dealing with bosses and enemies using the magic system. Enemies also seem to have fair to competent ai, so you will be challenged in your ability to either use the bump system or magic to defeat them. The second game fixes most of the issues from the first, so if you plan to buy this game, make sure you're playing the first to lead into the second right away."
76561198034614065,Recommended,223810,20617859,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Sword Familiar,"Ys IAn ARPG classic.The bump system may put some people off by it's simplicity, but it generally feels good and looks cool. Keep in mind that this is based on a game released in 1989, so some of the system's features are strictly bare-bones, but the remake has been upgraded in some aspects to make the game a much smoother experience than the '89 original. Boss encounters are a bit hit and miss, and usually rely on you being a certain level or having certain equipment to beat, but are enjoyable all in all. Not especially tough, but they can still be challenging enough for you to have to retry a few times before you understand the patterns. I played it on normal, but if you find the game too easy there is always the option to try a higher difficulty setting.The music is great, also, as is usually the case with Falcom games. Also, there's an option available to switch to/from classic and remade tunes, which is always nice.The minimalistic story is interesting and Adol Christin is a cool protagonist, but don't expect a convoluted epic; this is a standard tale of a dualistic nature, with good and evil, dark and light.Progression through the game is generally uncomplicated, and the areas you are supposed to visit are few and easy to find, but the game can, however, be a bit cryptic when it comes to what you're supposed to do next, so if you're a newcomer you should expect to get stuck a few times before you are able to proceed. That said, the game is pretty short, short enough to be suited for speedrunning and such, for sure.I mostly play it for nostalgic reasons nowadays, but, nostalgia aside, it is still a pretty good game and still holds up fairly well even today. Thoroughly recommended.Ys I score7.5 / 10Ys IIYs II continues the adventure of Adol Christin and concludes the story of Ys I & II Chronicles.The bump system is back, and not much has changed. Included, however, is the ability to use magic, which have a variety of uses ranging from an attack spell to spells useful to progress the game. Basically, if you liked the first game's system, there should be no reason for you to disike the one in Ys II, as they are pretty similar. Boss encounters are a bit more challenging than the ones in Ys I, but sometimes it comes down to just finding out cerrtain gimmicks in order to beat them.The music is at least as good as in Ys I and has some of my favorite Ys tunes of all time. Definitely one of the highlights of the game, and the abiity to switch between classic and remade tunes is a plus. Top notch.The story in general has a bit more depth than Ys I, and is less melancholic, but all in all it's still pretty simple. There are some surprises down the road to make it interesting though, so it is fairly well conceived, although I don't feel like the villains are as intimidating as the ones in Ys I. I liked the first one better, but it's all a matter of taste.Progression through the game is fairly linear, but there were a number of times where I got stuck and didn't know how to proceed. It usually boils down to not having the required items or paying close attention to your environments, though, so if you can't proceed there is probably something you've missed an area accessible to you at your current point in the adventure. The game is probably twice as long as Ys I, but can be completed fairly quickly if you know what to do and where to go.Recommended.Ys II score8 / 10Score for both8 / 10"
76561198031585459,Recommended,223810,19945127,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,slave_gamer,Ys 1 is a simple and fun old school RPG that is easy to play.  I really enjoyed playing this game which left me feeling quite nostalgic for the rpg's of the 80's/90's. If you like watching anime keep an eye out for the ancient Y's  as it follows the game.
76561198089269298,Recommended,223810,19982110,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Clara,Fun and easy. Boss is super difficult though ;-;
,Recommended,223810,20136367,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,mihm,"Another port of Ys I & II that doesn't really bring anything new from the PSP ports. But if you haven't played Ys before, or haven't replayed them in a long time, Chronicles+ is definitely worth it, especially when on sale.It retains the bump combat system, which is easy to learn.If you're new to the series, I would almost recommend playing Ys II first if you don't mind a little interruption in the story, or even buy Ys Origin, a modern prequel to the series that is very very fun to play. Ys I can be a little frustrating on first playthrough, or even second. The story is great, but might not be enough to keep you playing if you dislike bump combat or wandering around for ages trying to work out why you can't open the door. Ys II, in my opinion, is better in every way.So:New to Ys? Consider buyPlayed and liked Origin? Definitely buy.Played Ys before? Buy.Played the PSP port recently? Skip/buy on sale."
76561197994272491,Recommended,223810,25866566,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,forkless,"There are things about the games that haven't aged especially well, but overall they're still great. It can be easy to get a bit lost or miss things, but these games are quite short (for JRPGs) and meant to be replayed. The story is pretty good and the combat is very unique. Most important though is that these games are just fun and actually offer a decent challenge for JRPGs.The port is really good too. There are quite a few lazy console/retro ports on Steam these days, but this isn't one of them. The only minor complaint I have is that there is a separate config application rather than in-game menus for choosing resolution, mapping keys, etc.On the plus side, this version has some nice features like being able to switch between different versions of the soundtrack (essentially 8-bit, 16-bit, and modern), zoom, scaling, and resolution options, proper gamepad support, and cloud saves. Overall, this is a nice release of some quality classic games."
76561197960960793,Recommended,223810,26081126,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Rabidboxer,"I recommend it but only to those who like simple ""old"" school ARPG. Keep in mind action is to be taken lightly. Im not trying to sound negative I just want those reading this review to know what they are buying. It was fun, I dont regret my purchase but dont go into it thinking it has 2016 production values."
,Recommended,223810,24731381,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Stanley X,I really recommend this video game a lot.
76561198033364511,Recommended,223810,24721109,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Dalkaen,"Ys I & II Chronicles+ compile the first two games of the Ys series into one collection. This has been done a number of times over the years on a variety of different platforms, but this is generally considered to be the definitive version. Take control of Ys series protagonist Adol Christin in his first ever adventure as he sets out from his home to collect the Books of Ys and in Ys II, explore the land of Ys itself. My extensive video review of the games can be found here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5u_X_ZOFsH8"
,Recommended,223810,24449114,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Zetru,"Just finished Ys 1, the game is surprisingly good for how simple everything is, the combat seems dull until you fight the first boss, then you find out that this game is way more thought-out, is not a just a hack'n'slash, you can't even hack nor slash, the game does it for you when you get close to the enemies. This could be a bad thing but the game is built around that system, add a bullet hell and that's Ys 1 and 2. The story so far is not amazing but keeps you interested, I never skipped a main dialogue. Plus, is very cheap and a nice time-killer."
76561198067544976,Recommended,223810,25053385,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,listonds,At first when i started this game i was confused and not sure how it would go. But after finishing it. I find myself with a sense of completion compare to others games before. The music is very RPG-ish so the normal. The graphics are great in my opinion and the game play is minimalist but straight to the point. It was a refreshing experience. I am sure others will enjoy it.
76561198020756311,Recommended,223810,24971122,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,SiLveR,"The nightmare modewas quite challenging, but that just made this game more fun to play :)"
76561198305384291,Recommended,223810,27886793,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,STYXGAMER,"Ys; The Ideal Utopia... That was the intro for the Turbo Grafix16 Version.I first found the game on the Wii Virtual Console, and when I got my computer and saw the two games, I bought them to play on here.This version is somewhat different from the original. It starts somewhat like the Anime (Yes there's an Ys Anime)The combat is unique. You just bump into the enemies. I haven't beaten it yet."
,Recommended,223810,27395060,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,allooutrick,Just like a phrat party. Chest bumping eachother until one stops standing.
76561198004057488,Recommended,223810,30946462,Posted: 4 April,all,Armored Scim,"Solid action game, simplistic in design but brutal on the careless. Good music, nice animu waifus and very likable setting."
76561198014324254,Recommended,223810,27604539,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Skasaha,I watched Falgaku and I can't take this game seriously any more. Also awesome soundtrack.
,Recommended,223810,28302283,"Posted: 10 December, 2016",all,DF KMAN,"Fantabulous. It's a new-ish take on one of the grand-daddies of ARPGs, complete with an (incredible) reworked soundtrack and graphics. Yuzo Koshiro's work still shines almost 30 years later. While there are some rough spots here and there, by the end you'll have forgotten them. Although replay value is kind of limited to completionists, the journey is still well worth taking."
76561198052417989,Recommended,223810,27163358,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Confused Confuser,"Wonderful, relaxing game with no rage at all!No but seriously, great game with a high satisfactoriy component after completing it, after raging and shouting at the monitor multiple times."
76561198087841119,Recommended,223810,27772900,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,ManfromtheRedRiver,"There is something special about the gameplay and story-telling of a lot of the games released in the late 80s and early 90s.  I cannot put my finger on exactly what it is, but VERY few games, if any, nail that exact formula today (The most recent I can think of that I played being the first Golden Sun). Despite the limited graphics and simple gameplay, there is just something that makes the stories and characters seem to come to life and the world just call out for every house, forest, cave and secret to be explored. I would be tempted to chock it all up to nostalgia, except that I had never played a single Ys game until recently here on steam. Thus far, I have finished Ys I and cannot wait to move on to II. This game, originally released in the late 80s and updated with beautiful 32-bit style gameplay graphics and hand drawn anime style cut-scenes and character profiles, nails that formula. It's been given a nice new paint job and some optional updated musical scores, but even with all these things the old heart and soul of this classic game still shines through, perhaps all the brighter, and even to a new comer like myself. I am reminded of the first time I played The Legend of Zelda: A Link to the Past (so perhaps there is some form of nostalgia at play here after all).I was VERY skeptical of the strange ""bump combat"" system at first.  I still wouldn't say it's ideal. I'm glad it did not become a standard in games, but after spending some time with it, and leveling up a little, it actually is nowhere near as bad as it seems at first and becomes quite enjoyable.The graphics, artwork (of which you can select 2 versions), and music (of which you can select a few versions) are absolutely beautiful.  The characters and dialogue are interesting, fun, and memorable.  The story is engaging. The puzzles are fun.  The combat can range between frustrating and fun, but isn't bad once you get used to it.Overall I would recommend this game to just about anyone, but especially to those looking for that missing charm that games once had."
,Recommended,223810,27918395,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Sabotender with Cheese,Breezy little action rpg with amazing music.
,Recommended,223810,27006381,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Eaxis,"A wonderful world to explore and fantastic music to discover. Check the options to find your preferance. Highly enjoyed the unique combat, challenge and overall good time playing this gem of game."
76561198016208148,Recommended,223810,26926069,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Stainspider,It's Y's the music the gameplay it's all there and it's just as good as it's ever been!
76561198006527519,Recommended,223810,26899451,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Drago,"Excellent music, classic gameplay, and a nice story make Ys 1 and 2 great additions to any player's game library that doesn't mind bumping their enemies to death."
,Recommended,223810,33632531,Posted: 18 July,all,SvenFletcher,"Are you sick of RPGs that give you too many options of killing your enemies?Tired of mashing the A button to slaughter wave after wave of monsters?Wanna hear badass progressive rock while destroying all evil in the land?If you answered yes to any or all of these questions, Ys I may be right for you!Warning: side effects may include downloading FLAC soundtracks from Falcom games you've never even played before, and aggressively bumping into everyone you meet with your shoulders."
,Recommended,223810,32012257,Posted: 27 May,all,Murderlol,"A great update to a classic RPG. Honestly the update is what makes playing this game bearable nowadays because the combat system is very dated and there's a lot of design issues with the first Ys game that would be pretty unacceptable nowadays. It's a pretty short game, your first playthrough will be 5-6 hours most likely. The game uses ""bump"" combat which just consists of you running into things to deal damage. Hitting them off center will deal damage without taking any, hitting things head on will hurt you both and knock you back. It's extremely simple (primitive) but it's a 30 year old game so...what do you expect? The game has a fair amount of equipment you can find, although once you buy all of the equipment, money becomes basically worthless, and you also hit level cap about halfway into the game, so past a certain point killing monsters is nearly worthless.All that said, if you're a fan of the later games it's still pretty cool to see how it started. The visuals have been greatly updated and look very nice, and the soundtrack is fantastic. The story is fairly cliche and a lot of things aren't explained terribly well, but again it's a 30 year old jRPG, don't go in expecting crazy things and you'll probably enjoy it. Just be prepared for some cheesy boss fights, archaic game design and lots of backtracking.Ys II is a direct sequel to Ys I, beginning directly after the end of the first game. The combat is slightly different and it's a bit longer, but it's quite similar to the first game and ties up the story pretty well. If you enjoy the first game, you'll probably like the second at least as much if not more."
76561197990152955,Recommended,223810,29102453,Posted: 7 January,all,[LoG] Red Valkyrie,"Short, and sweet, but a great reimagination of a classic game. The music pumps you up as you make your way through puzzles and difficult boss fights."
,Recommended,223810,29011725,Posted: 4 January,all,bagman,"Very interesting for people who spent their childhood playing japanese RPG games, and Ys fans of course.Also has the hardest boss I ever fought, a windows 95 screensaver."
,Recommended,223810,29177600,Posted: 10 January,all,Georgeman9000,"Ys I and II feels weirdly dated; as in, when you play a classic game, it feels like ""yeah the game is gold, but it's also old."" But when I'm playing Ys I and II, I know from my mind it is an old game--it's based on Eternal versions released in 2000--but I feel like I'm playing a relatively modern indie game.The thing that differentiates a good old school indie games from the bad ones is how modernized the game design actually is. It's not like Ys I and II doesn't have UI problems, and the dungeon design in Ys I sometimes gets downright frustrating, but the overall game design is blazing fast and mostly user-friendly. Sometimes, I feel like I'm playing a really good, modern indie ARPG with 16-bit aesthetics and pseudo-old school nostalgia, instead of a game that is actually old. And that's not a bad thing at all, because that's what makes old games like these timeless classics."
,Recommended,223810,29272327,Posted: 15 January,all,Greg the Mad,A surprisingly fastpaced RPG. Great game.
76561197998876942,Recommended,223810,29659982,Posted: 2 February,all,Kalaster,"Thanks to YouTuber, Happy Console Gamer, I finally bought this under his recomendation and I dont regret it for the most part!The start of the game is a little rough around the edges as you learn a combat system unlike any you've played before with only 20HP to your name and a little popup window explaining the mechanics. That's it! No hand holding of any kind, no quest log and no map. Just NPC dialouge, your wits, and a pinch of luck. I seriously could not have beaten the first game without a few hints from GameFAQs. Without it, my playtime would be doubled. Seriously there are lots of quests and VERY important items that can be missed and ignored entirely. This i find to be a huge flaw and I almost gave up entirely when i forgot to grab the Evil Ring back on the 2nd floor while trying to enter the next area on the 16th floor.Other than that, The graphics are charming, bringing me back to my childhood days. Coupled with a super awesome soundtrack mixing together heavy metal and synthesizers, helped to keep me motivated throughout the journey.The dungeon designs are very well laid out maze like puzzels that made my head spin. The boss fights at times can be unfair, but with patience and a bit luck, you'll get through them. Thankfully you can save anywhere and load back VERY quickly if you die.Also I do need to include a small rant about the final boss though... Dear god in heaven, worst Final boss i've ever faced in my life. Learning his pattern is the first 10%, the other 90% is luck.All in all, I had a great time with the first game and already feel like i got my $15 out of it and theres still a whole other game to play! Probably one of the hardest games i've played, only because of the lack of hand holding and how easy it was to miss certain items/ details.If you're looking for an RPG thats different and have the will to press on when the going gets tough, you'll have a great time! This was like a mix of old school Legend of Zelda action combat, dungeoneering, and item collection with a decently epic storyline like Final Fantasy."
76561197996637434,Recommended,223810,29859900,Posted: 11 February,all,Deldeus,"Fair warning: I'm gonna use an extended comparison to a more modern and well known game for the bulk of this review.These are to date the only Ys games I've played and I enjoyed them. The combat system is unique even 30(!) years after their original release, with the main battle mechanic being ramming your enemies in the flanks. This gives the games a feeling of quick movement that for today's gamer can trigger an interesting response: I found myself using the same skillset, especially in regards to fight or flight, that I'd developed playing Darksouls.The feeling of the games being a top-down, technicolored, 80's Darksouls never went away either, with common enemies that will tear you apart if you waste all your time on them and difficult boss battles. Ironically, playing this way made the bosses much harder for me (at least in Ys I) because I wound up fighting them horribly under levelled. This isn't to say either Ys is as hard as Darksouls, though if you took the bosses from Ys I and the mooks from Ys II (who were shockingly more powerful than Ys I, the bosses however...) you'd probably wind up with a game that, despite being in a very different (sub-)genre would both feel weirdly familiar and give any veteran Darksouls player a run for their money.Finally, loved the music. Also worth noting the games are very short, first one is less than 10 hours, second is a lot longer and has a magic system that lets you do some cool stuff including hit enemies with something other than a sword."
,Recommended,223810,11174724,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Wild Matsu (無法松),"You: ""There's no attack button waaaaaaaaaaaaaah!""You're an idiot. This game is fun."
,Recommended,223810,5283908,"Posted: 18 March, 2013",all,Ramza Beoulve,.
76561198200489242,Recommended,223810,34060634,Posted: 6 August,all,Lilyheart,"I love this game, played it also on the DS as well. I love these 2 games and I think that they have a pretty good story. I love the characters as well."
76561198036495688,Recommended,223810,34009204,Posted: 3 August,all,Gambit85,"Much different gameplay than I'm used to, but very enjoyable and challenging."
,Recommended,223810,371233,"Posted: 7 July, 2013",all,Cloudef,Feena best girl
76561197995181120,Recommended,223810,18604523,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,DanielJMist,Amazing old JRGP
,Recommended,223810,35202916,Posted: 25 September,all,Hopper,"THE GOOD-CombatYou attack enemies by walking into them. Sounds dumb doesn’t it. Why don’t you try watching some gameplay footage of it? Still looks pretty stupid huh? You’re probably thinking how can such a combat system be fun? Well, it is. Ys I and II’s combat system is simple yet fun. It’s one of those things which sounds dumb on paper but is really good in practice. All you need to think of in combat (outside of boss battles) is walk into enemies but don’t collide with them in the centre. For anybody who studies game design, often you would want to aim for the lowest amount of complexity but a high amount of depth, which is what Ys I and II has done with their combat system. It lacks complexity but has a large amount of depth, in other words it is easy to learn yet hard to master, which is great. Such a combat system may sound really boring and easy, but adding in the speed at which Adol, the main character, moves, this creates a very fast pace combat system that is thrilling no matter how many times I experience it.P.s. If u think the enemy movements in Ys I is too easy, Ys II improves on them by allowing the enemies to move diagonally make the combat tougher-Boss BattlesAll boss battles are unique, no two are the same. Some of these boss fights are really tough and that’s just how I like it. Of course, you could just grind to the point where your level is so high that the boss isn’t even a threat, but where’s the fun in that? I often find myself trying and failing time and time again to beat the same boss. However, each time I get more familiar with the boss’s attack patterns and then eventually I win and that sense of satisfaction I get is just exhilarating.P.s. I do see some people complaining about how unfair the Vagullion (the bat) boss fight was but I didn’t have too much trouble dealing him so I guess to each his own.-StoryIt’s a typical boy saves the world anime fantasy story with a small amount of romance sprinkled in. It’s simple, nothing really special about it. However, simple is often best when it comes to stories in video games. Video games aren’t a very good storytelling medium. The story often just serves as a motivation for the player to push on or give the player some context and meaning as to what they are doing in the game. Thus, a simple story in a video game not only serves it’s purpose, it also makes it easy for the player to follow along and not get lost in a convoluted mess which is Final Fantasy.THE BAD-BacktrackingThis problem isn’t really apparent in Ys I as Ys I’s world is pretty small, and the story is considerably shorter than Ys II. However, in Ys II, there are a lot of times in the game where the main story requires you to backtrack. Of course, to makes things easier, you are given Warp Magic pretty early in the game which allows you to warp to any town you have visited. But the problem is that the map of Ys II is non-linear. A lot of areas are maze-like and it’s easy to get lost or struggle to find a door you stumbled upon previously but couldn’t unlock because you didn’t have the key yet. I get that backtracking is quite normal in RPGs and honestly I’m not really against it. What I am against though, is the maze-like areas which require backtracking. It gets annoying pretty quickly and at times feels like a lazy way to lengthen the game unnecessarily.OVERALLAll in all, this is the first (and second) Ys game(s) I've played and I had a lot of fun. I'm a huge fan of this franchise now and can't wait to play another Ys game."
