user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,224060,17075423,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,egg,"IT'S BACK ON STEAM WOOODeadpool is a serviceable hack and slash game. If you're a big fan of the character like I am, it's a must buy. If you're not, there are much better options."
,Recommended,224060,18572995,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Tom,"Deadpool is an action beat'em up game based on the Marvel Comic book character. The game was developed by High Moon Studios and published by Activision. The title was released on PC, PS3 and Xbox 360 in June 2013. Due to a licensing issue, the game was later taken off sale digitally in January 2014, before being re-released on Steam in July 2015. Deadpool will also be seeing a re-released version on the Ps4 and Xbox One in November of 2015.The gameplay in Deadpool is a very basic hack and slash style. You have quick and heavy melee attacks, whilst also having a selection of guns to choose from as well. You are able to combine the quick attacks and heavy attacks together to make some interesting yet powerful combinations. Throughout the game you are also able to purchase upgrades and learn further combos allowing you to pull of some spectacular looking attacks in the latter stages of the game. As you pull of more and more complex combos, you are rewarded with more of the in game currency, allowing you again to purchase upgrades, new weapons and side arms, such as grenades and traps for instance.  There is so much to actually upgrade in this game; and you may even find it hard to purchase the majority of the skills too; so it may be wise to plan out how you envisage you playing the game at the very start of your play through - whether it be melee based, or more focused on guns and ranged attacks.There is a small element of platforming to be seen in Deadpool, but nothing that gets too annoying, yes the jumping puzzles are very prominent in some stages, but as you get further into the game, you will also learn a teleporting ability which makes small work of any platforming problems.Graphically, Deadpool takes on the same sort of style as you would expect from the comic book series. Nothing majorly fancy, just your standard looking last generation title. The cut scenes look far worse than the actual gameplay which is something I am becoming increasingly aware of given the fact that they also run in a lower frame rate as well. All of the animations of everything in the game are stellar though, when pulling off the crazy combo attacks, it looks so fluid and I cannot fault the animation in Deadpool in anyway.The plot in Deadpool is also very inline as what you would expect if you have any knowledge of the comic book series. Deadpool continuously breaks the fourth wall, referencing you, the player on a frequent basis, making comics on the game design and the developers. Having only read a couple of the Deadpool comic books, I still felt as if I had known this character for years, and even someone who has no knowledge of who Deadpool is, will surely appreciate the comical value on offer here. The lewd comments, the toilet humour and the staple one liners all make an appearance and had my chuckling along throughout my play through.At no point throughout the game did I feel challenged though; I was playing on the normal difficulty and really felt a bit let down with the foes in front of me. Once you learn a few combos and upgraded a few bits of equipment, there is really no challenge at all in the fighting scenes as you plough through squads of enemy troops without any issues. I would strongly suggest that you play this game on the highest difficulty to get any sort of challenge out of the gameplay though.All of the levels within Deadpool have a lot of items which you can pick up, such as ammo and collectable items and not to mention plentiful amounts of the in game currency to use on them precious upgrades. I found myself at times venturing off the main path just to collect more of this currency and this can sometimes lead to a few little Easter eggs to be found. That being said; there is only one way to complete a level, one entrance, and one exit; a completely linear experience - I didn't find this to be a bad thing; it just would have been nice to see a couple of other ways to complete a few of the stages.I have played through Deadpool twice now, once when it first came out, and a second one recently. Each play through took me roughly 12 hours to complete; that's quite a long time for a linear single player game of this type, but with the lack of any multiplayer, there isn't any replay ability and no other reason to play through a second time unless you are going to ramp up the difficulty like I did on a second run through.Whilst playing I had a couple of technical issues, none of them were game breaking problems, just little annoyances. The first one being that sometimes after interacting with an object, whether it be a lever or opening a chest, Deadpool would for some reason start moving in a direction on its own, and it takes a couple of key presses before it stops and you then have control over the character again.  Secondly, there is a huge amount of invisible walls throughout most of the levels too; you can be trying to jump up a wall and suddenly you will hit a wall of nothing and will completely mess up your jumping puzzle just because the developer didn't want you to go down that path. Thirdly, the lack of any graphics options when in game is a real pain as well; you have to completely back out right to the main menu before you can make any changes - this is just annoying and shouldn't be something we see in common day PC releases. I will say though, I did play Deadpool on 4k resolution, with all the graphics setting on max and was able to get a steady 60 fps MOST of the time. I did notice a few drops sub 60, but these were few and far between and only on the highly graphically intensive scenes.To sum up, I would simply recommend Deadpool, it's not a fantastic game, but it will certainly wet your appetite for more games of this style. The comical value alone for me made this a worthwhile experience. It is certainly not worth the full price tag of £29.99, no no no no. That is day light robbery right there, the lack of any real replay ability and 12 hour story mode is a real warning sign and you should only consider picking up Deadpool when it goes on sale for anything less than £15. I would also just put it out there; that I would pick it up sooner rather than later before another issue with licensing arises and Deadpool is removed from Steam again - this may only be relevant for game collectors though.Tom's Score Card1) Stay away2) Not Recommended3) Only recommended when on sale4) Recommended5) Highly recommended6) This is a must playIf you found this review helpful, please consider giving it a thumbs up. You can also find more reviews over athttp://www.completingthebackloggroup.com/http://store.steampowered.com/app/224060/"
,Recommended,224060,1688986,"Posted: 15 September, 2013",all,Pudge,"This game isn't as bad as a lot of people seem to think it is. If you've enjoyed games like X-Men Origins: Wolverine, Spider-Man Web of Shadows, or other superhero action games of that ilk, than Deadpool is another one of those. The humor is great if you think typical Deadpool humor is funny, and there are a lot of insane set pieces to stumble your way through. It's obviously not for everyone, but I've enjoyed my time with it."
,Recommended,224060,18179556,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,thisisldm,I'm touching myself tonight.
,Recommended,224060,17073563,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Salis,this is one of those rare games that has an anarchic sense of humor and totally captures the character of Deadpool gameplay combines fast fluid combat with fast paced platforming and a whole heap of stuff i dont want to spoil in short you NEED this game in your lives
,Recommended,224060,7753274,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Puppy Power,"Deadpool is one of the most popular heroes in the Marvel Universe, a fan favorite. High Moon Studios, one of my favorite gaming companies, and creators of the Transformers: War for Cybertron/Fall of Cybertron, are the guys behind this game, and with the budget they were given, they did a pretty great job. The game itself is beyond funny, the upgrade/weapon system rules. The one major flaw with this game is that most of the levels look the same. There are about 5 different levels at most throughout the game but besides that; Deadpool is a fantastic game that serves long time fans well. High Moon made Deadpool exactly how he is in the comics. 7.5/10"
76561198096673339,Not Recommended,224060,18226824,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,nherrbold,This not a negative review of the game. The dialouge is fantastic the fighting while repetitive is satisfying and the difficulty isnt to hard untill end game where it is an intense difficuty spike which is really my only gripe with the actual game. The reason is that the review is negative is that activsion is trying to sell this game for 40$ for a game that has like 11 hours worth of gameplay and is not really a graphical upgrade from the 360 version which on amazon now costs only 20$ activision needs to cut down the price before i can say this game is worth your money
,Recommended,224060,32294112,Posted: 9 June,all,TH3xR34P3R,"This is a game to get for any deadpool fan for the classic 4th wall breaks, one liners and overall comedy of it."
,Not Recommended,224060,21415207,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,"Oliver""Arrow""Queen","IntroThis is a pretty good game for Deadpool fans(but that's a stretch), but if your new to Deadpool or don't like his corny jokes then stay very very far away from this game, this game is pretty hard to review, it has really great features but the negatives of the game far outweigh it, Now this isn't a review fully trash talking this game as I did enjoy it, it was during this review that I realized all of these major issues that lead me to not recommend, but just make sure to read this entire review before you even think on buying, so let's just get straight into the pros and consPros-Voice Acting- the voice acting in this game is amazing mainly just for the voice actor of Deadpool as he really bring the character of Deadpool to life straight out of the comics-Jokes/Comedy- this game has a great amount of jokes that'll make you laugh out loud, and allow for some really funny and just straight up weird but amazing moments in campaign-Whose that-  during the campaign you'll meet some characters from the comics and upon meeting them for the first time you can hit spacebar or A if your using a controller to see a very quick and funny history of the character with pictures from the comics, that feature alone really helped me understand some of the characters that I was introduced to upon playing this game-Runs Pretty Smoothly- the game runs pretty good though it crashed about 3-4 times during my first 4 hours but after that I haven't had any issues since-Regenerating Suit- now not that many people have noticed this but as you take damage in game your suit begins to fall apart just about everywhere, but it slowly reforms at a pace so slow that you'll barely notice, that's just something random that I enjoyed in the gameCons-Short Campaign- the game has about a 6-10 hour campaign, extremely short-Linear Campaign- the campaign is filled with great jokes to make it interesting but it relies on the comedy factor so much that it dumbs down the story, in which you as Deadpool have to kill the big bad known as Sinister, who makes tons of clones of himself and other villains to try to stop you and conquer the world, which is terrible because you end up killing him about 3-4 times in different missions and then in the final level you kill about 45 of him-Campaign Difficultly Spike- if your like most people than you'll be able to get through the standard/regular campaign in no problem, that is until you get through the final mission, now I'm one of the rare people that beat this mission without dying on my first try in some insanely lucky way, you start the mission and out of nowhere you just get thrown about 25 waves of enemies, after you somehow manage to do that then you face the previous bosses all at the same time and then after that if you make it out alive then you have to fight the main villain of the game in about 10 extremely difficult waves killing about 20 of him each wave, only to see the real one die in a cutscene, this ending is a slap in your face is extremely lazy and terrible ending to a game, that will leave you pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off-Repetitive Gameplay- this game has some of the most annoying repetitive gameplay I've ever played, you just hack and slash with swords or hammers, or use a combination of guns, X for light attack Y for heavy, and then B to counter/escape which is horrible because if your stuck between tons of enemies and then you want to teleport out of there you may just end up countering someone then being stuck and beaten up by all of them for a minute straight, the game also tries to add a stealth aspect that you use about 2-3 times in the game so it's basically pointless-Terrible Soundtrack- upon first start up of the game you'll hear some bad rock music and there you go, thats the entire music of this game pretty much-4 Types of enemies- in the game you'll have a very limited amount of basic henchmen, guys with guns, guy with 2 knives, guy with big sword, and the rare guy with shield/damage buff, and the extremely rare big guy with a big gun, all of these guys together in a fight don't offer as much of a challenge as it sounds, you basically just hack and slash all day-NO Replay Value- this game has a very short campaign with just about no replay value what-so ever, apart from achievements which is why I have a lot more hours in the game, there's no point in replaying the main campaign due to that fact that it's no longer that fun because you already know all of the jokes and such, and because its just terrible, though the game tries to offer a challenge map system similar to the Arkham games but it's extremely difficult and if you somehow ever manage to beat all 3 levels on a challenge map under the ridiculous time limit, then you get to play with a special Deadpool skin only exclusive to that map that you will most likely never play since you finally beat it-3 YEAR OLD GAME COSTS $40!?!?!- are you seriously kidding me here this game costs $40 and its 3 years old!! Now that wouldn't be a problem if the game was worth it but it comes nowhere near the value of a $40 game, the worst part about this is that the game used to be on steam for $20, Activision removed it off Steam and added it back on for $40, like WTF mate even on the next gen like Xbox-One it's $30 new, and $20 new on the Xbox 360, so why the actual #### are they screwing over PC, even though I bought it on sale for $20 I still feel ripped off, the game in total is worth about $10-$15 or $5 on sale, the current price is insane for a extremely repetitive 6 hour game, you'll be lucky if you can even get 12 at most unless you replay for achievementsFinal VerdictThough I found very many issues with the game left and right slowly frustrating me more and more, the amazing voice acting and comedy in the game is sooo good that it almost balances all of the negatives that I listed, not all of them though, my Final Verdict for Deadpool is a 6/10, if your a huge Deadpool fan than this is a must have though don't even touch it for $40 wait for it to be on sale or wait until the price drops and then till gets on sale, if you enjoyed this review please make sure to leave a thumbs up and to check out my other game reviews, and thank you for your time"
,Not Recommended,224060,17079050,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Warxa,"I love Deadpool and always wanted a game about him. I liked this game for the humor but not so much for the gameplay.First of all, what kind of price is that? This is why I hate Activision. This should be worth something like 20$ or less, especially for its lenght.Melee weapons are weak and clunky while guns can deal massive damage with a headshot and the shotgun is overpowered. It's like melee weapons are only made to stun enemies so you can finish them. Counter-attacking is also very badly made, useless and you keep teleporting instead because it's the same button as teleporting. Most of the game is just endless waves of the same enemies over and over and it gets tiring.The game is short and doesn't have much replayability except for maxing up all weapons after finishing the game, and then it's just hearing the same jokes a second time.The only reason to really get this game is for Deadpool and the humor. It's funny and random and you're always excited to see what is the next surprise.Recommended for Deadpool fans who can enjoy a mediocre game but not recommended for people expecting a good hack'n slash. Never buy it on full price, this is Activision♥♥♥♥♥♥right there, it's just a short game, not a AAA game.Pros :-Deadpool-Funny and randomCons :-One of the worst hack'n slash gameplay I have ever played-No real plot-Very Short-Overpriced-No replayability"
,Not Recommended,224060,25481948,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,SkullRadar,"I love Deadpool, and I loved Nolan North's take on Deadpool, but honestly, this game is just eh. It's just a lot of running around spraying n praying, with Deadpool cracking the same two jokes over and over again. Just watch a playthrough of it on YouTube. $40 for a 8 hour game tops is just too much."
,Recommended,224060,7961979,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,froakiethroat,"Recommending this one solely for Deadpool fans.In terms of gameplay, nothing is horrid, but other games (such as Ninja Gaiden and Max Payne) have done it better, which leaves the game's humour as its only defining point.Category A: If you're a fan of Deadpool (specifically the Deadpool comics from writer Daniel Way), you'll play this from start to finish with a massive grin, and I honestly have to commend it for being genuinely funny rather than today's video game norm of cramming a load of barely-funny-the-first-time-you-hear-them memes in.Category B: If you're not a fan of Deadpool, you'll probably just find the humour annoying and get stuck-up on the ho-hum gameplay and level design.Category A: Recommended.Category B: Not recommended.Delete where appropriate.Another note: Even though Nolan North is the most overused entity to ever walk the earth, I have to give him credit for this one. Seems like he has more in his repertoire than generic white hero guys, as he fits Deadpool like a glove.Oh, and its pretty short."
,Recommended,224060,17075466,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,SpatenRundung,- Gameplay: mediocre- Graphics: mediocre+ Humour: Off da hook!--> best game on steam. Buy it now.
76561197995011205,Recommended,224060,28618222,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Dick,"This was a great run around button masher, add in the adult style humor from dead pool and BAM money well spent."
,Not Recommended,224060,23845388,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,ShikenNuggets,"As a Deadpool fan, I really wanted this game to be great. It should have been. It starts off in a really amusing and enjoyable way, but it falls apart after the first few hours. I was intending on finishing the game before writing this review, but I honestly can't be bothered to. The difficulty spikes drastically in the last level, resulting in it being incredibly frustrating, and highlighting all of the problems with the gameplay.Pros:-Deadpool and X-Men fans will appreciate the story (or lack thereof) and characters-Crude humour-Voice acting is great-Dialogue is surprisingly well written-Gameplay is fun for the first few hoursCons:-The humour won't appeal to everybody-Deadpool's one-liners get recycled a lot-Gameplay gets stale after the first few hours-Melee combat boils down to mindlessly mashing X and Y-Not many distinct enemy variants-The final level is insanely difficult compared to the rest of the game-The story is basically non-existant (this is intentional, but it detracts from the game overall)-Very short, only takes about 6 hours to beat it.-Absolutely no replay value-Hilariously overpriced (there's no reason this game should be $40)If you still want to buy it anyway, at least wait for a decent sale. Even at 50% off, I would still say it's pretty overpriced."
,Recommended,224060,2293552,"Posted: 26 June, 2013",all,Whiterabbit-uk,"I nearly didn't bother with this, but decided to purchase it as I used to love  my pulp super heroes.  :)  The game started off  very similar to Duke Nukem 3D  with respect to   using the bathroom, except this was really funny.  The  humor in the game is  a refereshing change from most   games that I play and the combat is  pretty simple to pick up using  a combination of a couple of keys.  Using these see''s your Katana's flying like the wind, with  Witcher  like sword trails  abounding.Enemies do  seem rather easy to  despatch at  first, but   you'll soon  be  trying to dodge bullets to survive.  Thankfully one of your attributes is a teleport sytem, which enables you to move around   randomly.  The upgrade system is straighforwards, collect the tokens  throughout the game world, that are equivalent to cash. These can then be spent on  upgrading  your weapons and buying new ones.  Skills are unloked on the way.Graphically the game looks excellent and, more importantly, so  far no glitches.I'd certasinly recommend this to  anyone into super heroe type games,It's a decent price in the US, CIS and UK, but  the EU is paying way over the odds at 63% above the  average price, wheras, unusually Australia is getting it 25% cheaper than most places."
,Not Recommended,224060,18203416,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,The Internet Ghost,"The last time this game was available on Steam, it was 20$ and I got it 50% off for 10$. Talk about a price hike for an old game... It was good, but definitely not worth this price. For all the whiny children who tell me this isn't a review, it is. Same game as from the console with twice the price tag. The game is okay, but not spectacular by today's standards. You will play it once then most likely never play again."
,Recommended,224060,17069416,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Bebop,There are people who recently just paid $100-$200 for this game and its back on steam... HA HA HA HA HA
,Recommended,224060,23077651,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,✯𝕁𝕆ℍℕ 𝕎𝔼𝕊𝕂𝔼ℝ✯,"Deadpool is the best comic book hero Marvel-DC-Vertigo-Dark horse hahhh nobody compares to him he is the coolest handsomest and awesomest of em all♡This game is a masterpiece!In all my years of gaming,i never played something as  stupidly awesome as Deadpool the game its so great,amazing,funny definitely gets 100/10 from me.*There i did!I praised your silly game can i have the busty fangirl you promised now Deadpool?!**EditDeadpool promised to send the girl to me if the sales get raised so don't just stand there reading my review BUY IT NOW!"
,Recommended,224060,24101149,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Atlaimond,"Goods and contras:(+) Funny. ✓(Watch a video about it, because you may not like this kind of jokes.)Here is a good example video!(+) Easy combat system. ✓(+) Good voice acting. ✓(-) Checkpoint save system. ✗(-) It prefers Controller to Keyboard / Mouse. ✗(If you like Controller, then it isn’t problem for you.)(-) You have to have a Mouse withat least with 3 extra buttons on it!Without them, I don’t know how to play well with it. ✗Crash, bug, glitch:I didn’t notice any bug.(Except, the achievement system. Read about more below.)My personally opinion:I liked the‘Duke Nukem’and’Shadow Warrior’games because they made me laugh.And I’ve seen the‘Deadpool’film and I liked it too!So, it wasn’t unsure that I had to buy this game. :)Recommendation:I recommend this game to those who:Liked the‘Duke Nukem’,’Shadow Warrior’. Both or one of them.Liked the‘Deadpool’film / movie.Likes this kind of jokes.Here is a good example video!To the Achievement-Hunters:The achievement system is a bit buggy.(Like in Darksider 1)You can’t be sure that the achievement will unlock after you’ve done everything well. It happened with me only with times. Two of the achievements unlocked the second time. One of them I had to try four times. :(But therefore, I made a solution!Here is my‘Deadpool - Achievement save files’Steam Guide. You can download the save files and try again to get the missed achievement more easily. More details in the guide page.And one more thing. The achievement ofDP? Know madnessComplete the game on Ultra-Violence! Difficultyis not so hard, but! Because of the checkpoint system it is really annoying to watch again-and-again-and-again the cut scenes, conversations, or animations every time as you died."
,Recommended,224060,7875886,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Marvelito,"Compralo si sos inteligente, si no ahorrate el tiempo, la plata, y el intento de entender. Simplemente, Deadpool ~<3"
,Recommended,224060,32762770,Posted: 25 June,all,TreasuRe,"A-W-E-S-O-M-E!!!! It follows and shows the real comic Deadpool, with the same style of talking, acting and with all his crazyness. Unfortunately, it's out of steam market, but if you can get it elsewhere, worth every (expensive) penny spend in it."
76561198062856452,Recommended,224060,17462605,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,OpenMik2,I'm touching myself tonight.
76561198069307404,Not Recommended,224060,7908423,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,DingleFluff,"Pros:-Fun hack and slash gameplay with hilarious dialogue and cutscenes.-Deadpool is awesomeCons:-The ""dialogue"" is very limited and after about ten minutes he ends up repeating the same things over and over-Way to short, I beat it in less than 3 hours-The gameplay can be very frustrating-You could get the same experience by just watching gameplay on youtube-Extremely expensive for something that is shorter than most indie gamesI would not recommend this game unless it is on sale for less than £5Just watch the cutscenes on youtube since they are the only part worth playing for"
,Recommended,224060,17097778,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Destro,"I just saw that this game came back to Steam. And this is the best comic book adaption into a video game I've ever played. The portayal of Deadpool is perfect. The gameplay isn't anything new or special, but's it's fluent and enjoyable. What makes this game so good, is it's dark humor. I had a lot of good laughs with Deadpoolio. On top of that the voice acting is on point. 9/10"
,Recommended,224060,29655787,Posted: 2 February,all,Fluman,"Con deadpool aprendi que el juego puede ser un asco, pero con un buen personaje y una buena trama no importa que el gameplay sea chotoEs divertido y con buenos chistes posta, pero tiene muchos defectos como el apuntado, el sonido, bugs de teleport entre otras giladas, pero si sos un fan del tipejo este te va a encantar, es re disfrutable pero muy corto (5hs en normal)Instabuy para todo fan, pero solo recomendable en una oferta"
,Recommended,224060,29392913,Posted: 21 January,all,Ushio,+adult humor+no microtransaction+slash+shooter-??
,Recommended,224060,32833022,Posted: 26 June,all,Logan,"For the most part, I love this game. It's a really fun game if you love Deadpool and these kinds of games. The Deadpool comedy made me laugh a few times while playing, and the gameplay is fun with the ability to upgrade and turn Deadpool into a ♥♥♥♥ing killing machine. The only thing I don't like is how fast you can beat this game. I beat it in practically 1 day, considering my hours of playtime. It'd be really cool if this game got a sequel."
,Recommended,224060,31363280,Posted: 25 April,all,Ｍrs..Ăмän∂ä.Gone 10 days,I would have to give it a 10/10 loving the comic and now this. I rather enjoy this game i would recommend full price and or on sale. Might not be for every one tho keep in mind i find it alot like the comic.
,Not Recommended,224060,32159536,Posted: 3 June,all,Mr. Matt,"This game is hilarious and has a wonderful sense of humor. Although it's been years since I've played it, many of the jokes still make me smile. However, the worst thing about this game is its gameplay, and that's kind of a problem for a game, in my opinion. Certain enemies are bullet sponges who just make the game take longer without adding any challenge or fun. I didn't want to have to play the game because I wasn't having fun actually playing it, but I wanted desperately to see all of the cutscenes. Was it worth playing through it to see them? Over all, yes.However, YouTube exists, and so do videos of the game's plot and jokes, all in order, and it's the source of about 90% or more of the game's entertainment. If you want the publisher and/or developer to have money, I suppose you could either find a way to donate themcash, or buy the game but just watch the cutscenes on Youtube. Actually playing the game just wasn't worth my time and wasn't fun, while the humor was magnificent."
76561198023019093,Recommended,224060,32705635,Posted: 23 June,all,Elkay,"Oh, the 1 liners and unexpected side-quests, including 8-bit tastiness.The only thing that would have made this even better is Ryan Reynolds, but this is still a sweet game with lots of character development options and mass-slaughter. Kick♥♥♥♥♥sweetness."
76561198043000493,Recommended,224060,25728892,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Tragoron,"If you like Deadpool and shooting stuff for 8 hours then you'll enjoy this. If that doesn't sound even remotely good, then you shouldn't bother."
,Recommended,224060,8120723,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,SLO7H,"Yes yes yes YES!This game, THIS GAME IS AWESOME!It's one of my favorite games, it's perhaps the most funny game I have ever played. This game made me laugh so many times!I must say that I like Deadpool (the character) a lot, I was not really interested before, but when I actually launched it I was blown away by how great it is.The story is cool, and Deadpool always got some funny comment around the corner, however many of the comments is used over again, but it doesn't really matter because it's still fun. While playing I am always looking forward to the next cuts-cene or scinematic, because Deadpool always got some crazy twisted look on the reality, you get to see things as he sees them, and that makes this game so awesome.It's not too long but it's pretty much a ""standard"" completion time.If you want to know Deadpool better, and if you want a laugh then get this game!"
,Recommended,224060,17073966,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Chaos,"This game is ♥♥♥♥ing hilarious and Nolan North is the best.10 of 10 chimichangas, I guess?"
76561197972308468,Recommended,224060,17248604,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Goldritter,Cool game.The gameplay and the graphics are ok. But the fun is high. Especialy the cutscenes are worth it and the comments from Deadpool.
,Recommended,224060,17779871,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Jones,Best. Hero. Ever.
,Recommended,224060,8382322,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Laval Stennon,within 10 minutes of the game i made deadpool take a♥♥♥♥♥♥10/10 would buy again
,Recommended,224060,29592603,Posted: 30 January,all,TeddyStyle,"Deadpool is a hack and slash game where you play Deadpool out of the Marvel comics. Deadpool is not your ordinary super hero, he's far from that. He is neither a hero or a villan, he's more an insane mercenary with superpowers which is a fantastic combination. Unlike most games, or movies because he also has a movie since last year, Deadpool likes to break the 4th wall meaning he will talk to you and acknowlegde you as the one watching/playing. He also has a lot of inner conversations with himself which teaches you more about his personality.The story is pretty simple you, as Deadpool obviously, want to star in your own game like all other famous superheros have their own game. In this game you chase someone to kill for a contract for the x-men but unfortunately for you someone else was first and you want revenge on the killer. Knowing Deadpool there will be jokes all around about everythings and even references to other games. I liked all of the jokes except for the budget jokes, they seemed forced to do every once in a while. What I liked about the budget jokes is the minigames that reference other games, that made up for it. In the story you'll encouter some of the x-men and you see, if you choose so, to get a cool comic like introduction to them if you didn't know them before. The ending was really well done, I expected another battle but the good joke certainly made up for it. After the game I wondered if Nolan North portrayed Deadpool better than Ryan Reynolds but after rewatching the movie again I realised both of these platforms have different standards. What I mean with that is that the game held back on a certain kind of jokes but the movie went full on ""I don't care"" modus which is the reason why I won't compare both of the actors. I feel that if they had the same freedom it would have been different.The combat in this game is melee weapons like swords or hammers combined with guns and you can mix them and combo them to kill everything in sight. Each weapon, when upgraded a little, unlocks a special momentum combo which you recharge with hurting and killing enemies. In this game they really made the variety of weapons useful, mostly you have in games the broken weapons and the terrible ones which inflict nothing but in this game I felt like fully upgraded every weapon was equal in terms of usefulness and damage. In this game you can also teleport for a short distance and you can also use that to counter attacking enemies following up with a nice animation but I don't think it's necessary. It's been more a pain in the foot to me than something useful because countering forces you to stand still for a short while which makes you a shooting target for all other enemies. There's also a possiblity to stealth kill enemies rarely but every time you get offered such a kill you should take the chance because they are very nice and every weapon has it's unique kind of execution.What I generally don't like is the difficulty spiking in this game, it's really inbalanced. First of all when you play the story the second time you get to keep all weapons and DP, points for killing enemies, from previous run which makes it generally easier but it didn't matter after all. There is easy, veteran and ultra-violent. To me easy and veteran was the same kind of experience to me, I didn't had any trouble beating both of those difficulties but ultra-violent is a whole different story. Once you stand in the wrong position for one second on this difficulty and you get 4 bullets in your chest and you are 'dead'. Dead in this game just means that you get placed at last checkpoints since Deadpool can't die at all theoretically. Adding to this you already have enemies who take 3 shotgun shots to the chest and still live, and those are just the grunts with armour. In veteran the same grunts just got two shot like the rest of them.In the end a good recommendation for Marvel fans, comics fans, superhero movie fans and gamers who enjoy hack and slashes."
,Recommended,224060,18271945,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,VandeGarde,"Yeah ok I get this. Gameplay is fine and not more than that but it's got a lot of laughs.Deadpool never crossed my path and i've read a lot...and I repeat...a lot of comics.  Gues he's a hero who had never find his way to Europe. Untill now that is. And that's strange. His style is realy.....ah...european. Just take a look at his apartment, could be anywhere in France, Belgium or Greek. Kudo's for the writing and voice acting! Don't buy it at full price though."
,Recommended,224060,31775041,Posted: 15 May,all,Gamer,"Deadpool is a big bag of awesome, madness, insanity, hilariousness, and fun action gameplay. You play as Deadpool a badass mercenary ""AKA The Merc With A Mouth"" who has a strong desire for killing, X-Babes, hot women, and chimichangas. You go on an awesome but insane adventure to kill Mister Sinister ""even though those annoying X-Men can get in the way sometimes"". Oh another thing is Deadpool can regenerate his health pretty darn fast (HA! Take that Wolverine! Your regeneration is slower than Deadpool's regeneration! >:D) Also Deadpool is best pals with a pretty rad metallic dude named Cable. Cable is the best man to go to for plot reasons (not to Deadpool, Deadpool would die of boredom and will literally cry to tears... XD) Anyway you have to buy and play this game to experience the hilarious madness behind it all! I highly recommend this game for you Steam players out there unless you can't handle insanity, dark humor, and multiple voices within your head!P.S. Oh! Did I forget to mention that Deadpool REALLY wants to fly the Blackbird......"
76561198053215200,Recommended,224060,5630684,"Posted: 24 July, 2013",all,TimeViewer,"If you know Deadpool then you know what to expect, if you don't then turn up the speakers when mom and grandma are around.Too many boxes labeled ""Not Porn""Play it on Ultra Violence or you're a puss"
,Recommended,224060,33731651,Posted: 22 July,all,Prozac,"This is how Deadpool game should be like! It's nearly perfect.So cons first:- length: game is not super short, but doesn't last long enough either. Thus to maximise fun factor I'd recommend playing it at highest difficulty level.- it takes some time to fully get in synch with teleporter and not getting hit too much while using it. By the time you get it timed correctly, you'll finish the game, but hey - you can always replay it.- enemies.. there is just few types of them. Laaaazy. But self-destructing, chattering Gambit clones make up for it.Next is all pros:- awesome graphics- story messed up well enough to match main protagonist's psyche.- very nice choice of weapons (melee and ranged... and tossed), different combos and special effects to each one of them.- smooth combat, aiming is easy, switching between weapons not hard to get used to.- some good old x-men pallies make appearance.- expect some unexpected surprises, like interactible sofa in the middle of the mission. Found it by accident,- you can lvl up your character!- story and the world presented does justice to comics. Indeed, stuff can get very comics-like at times, especially at introduction moments.- personally one of my favourite villains is... well a main antagonist, but that's beside the point.- and of course the biggest gem of them all: Deadpool being Deadpool.Had lots of fun. And re-playing first few stages after maxing everything that could be maxed was a cheerful blast.If you like Deadpool and/or Marvel's x-men - you will like this game, even though we all would wish it a bit longer.Someone should think about DP 2. Like, fo' real, my dudes!"
76561198080547396,Recommended,224060,25291664,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Victorious,"Playing through Deadpool feels about as schizophrenic as its main character. On the one hand, it’s zany, wacky, goofy, silly, sophomoric... Armed with guns, katanas, and an unhealthy love for chimichangas, Deadpool pokes fun at videogame clichés and tropes almost as much as he pokes bad guys with sharp objects. It’s pretty obvious that Deadpool’s writers had a blast bringing this character into interactive 3D; he regularly has arguments with the voices in his head, and at one point can hop on word bubbles emanating from his diseased mind to cross a toxic river. At one point, you can even instigate a creepy stalker situation between a dialogue tree option and yourself. It’s pretty inventive, clever stuff that’s made even more enjoyable by Nolan North’s very enthusiastic delivery as the voice of Deadpool.Fights are fast and bloody affairs that urge you to mix up your attacks to earn the highest rewards from your downed attackers. Dropped currency can be used to purchase upgrades in the pause menu, giving you access to new weapons, handheld explosives, and a variety of character enhancements. It's a system that urges you to experiment so you find the best weapons for your style (the slow and powerful hammers suit a different style than the fast but weak sais, for instance), and you unlock new techniques deep into the adventure. Because of the well-paced skill unlocks and the immediacy of the action, Deadpool is usually a pleasant enough, turn-off-your-brain kill-a-thon.I loved this game being a huge action game fan, the game was easy and straightfoward."
,Recommended,224060,24011584,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,RåKjell,"Yeah, buy this. It's truly funny, they nailed the humor and the 4th dimension thing. It's a hack and slash, you can get through the game with mostly button mashing. There are sweet combos and upgrades etc, but make no mistake, you play this for the entertaining commentary track throughout. At one point I laughed so hard I had to pause the game, which never happened before :) Playing through a second time now, which usually never happens either."
,Recommended,224060,29362521,Posted: 19 January,all,big kuf,probably one of the funniest games since conker's bad fur day
76561198255762045,Recommended,224060,33106995,Posted: 1 July,all,Commandcat55,It's a good game but get when on sale. 40$ is a LOT for an older game!
,Recommended,224060,22789609,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,quintinsky,"I am a huge Deadpool fan and originally tried this game on the PS3. It's fun, but the combat got monotonous and the jokes were super repeptitive. When I made the jump to PC, the graphics were already a ton better, the jokes seemed more spread out evenly for some reason, I hardly heard the same one-liners more than a few times. The combat was also refreshing and a little less clunky and boring. I dunno what they did, but it's great.Overall, the game is about a 7 for me still. The enemy archetypes are practically the same throughout the game, and once you unlock the power upgrades for your weapons you're basically unstoppable. Then again, this is ♥♥♥♥in' Deadpool we're talking about here. I died a total of maybe 2 times throughout my playthroughs on Medium and Hard."
,Recommended,224060,7877045,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Deadpool_Fool,"Being a Deadpool fan myself (Obviously), I can really appreciate this game. Some, however, do not.The combat is pretty straight-forward. Button-mashing... WITH STYLE! It's pretty similar to the Batman games (in my opnion).Throughout the game, you can purchase other weapons, and then upgrade them, keeping things interesting. Also, Dual-Shotguns. Why... ...Would you NOT want that. The enemies are usually somewhat the same and can get repetitive at times.And sometimes the game is suprisingly difficult.The story is very Deadpool-esque. Most of the joke are very funny, with the exception of a few immature ones. But that's because Deadpool IS (at times) immature. Nolan Norths (voice of Deadpool) voice acting is incredible, and how one would imagine Deadpool to actually sound.The graphics are that of a 2009-20011 game, which in my opnion isn't awfull. It's just not AMAZING, But not game changing (in my opnion).The music... Really does get annoying sometimes. The same old thing, mostly during combat.The game is rather short, delivering 9 hours of gameplay for me. Others have had it done in 7 (I also messed around in hoard mode, however).If you have never heard of Deadpool ever, you may hate the game (However some have played it and loved it, no guarantees.). But if you love Deadpool like myself, you will most likely enjoy this game. If it's on sale for 10.00, I'd say you're getting your money's worth. Anything else depends on how much you like Deadpool (I pre-ordered it.).Overall, what I personally thought of the game, was a 7.8 out of 10. But that will most likely differ between the player."
76561198204309996,Recommended,224060,32273273,Posted: 8 June,all,Engin Mert,One of the funniest game I've ever played.
,Recommended,224060,23884193,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,SpiralPrime,Had a blast through 99% of the game.  the last two boss fights were a little frustrating at first. other than that the game was fun.I wish it was a bit cheaper though for a 6 - 10 hour game.
,Recommended,224060,8448698,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Curdle_Sanders,"Immature, inapproriate, and TOTALLY AWESOME!!!If you're a fan of Deadpool you need to play this game. Really entertaining and just play crazy! Laughed and chuckled several times throughout the game. Combat is pretty sweet being able to switch between melee and guns instantly. By the end of the game you really feel awesome!If you're only into ""Avengers"" Marvel stuff you might not get into this as much. As NOT FOR CHILDREN!!!!"
76561198039760320,Recommended,224060,17068295,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Imrileth,This is a fun game wouldn't buy at full price but if you get it on sale  it's a fun game that has good jokes and deadpool is funny as always.
,Recommended,224060,18435372,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Coil_Whine,"The ""merc with a mouth"" is back on Steam and better than ever! Over-the-top third person action shooter with a lot of personality. RIP the 4th wall."
,Recommended,224060,17367299,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,UngratefulPotato,Amazing game.Glad it's back on steam.. grab it while you canHumor 10/10Combat 6/10 Gets repetetiveweapon choice is nice in my opinionDifferent momentum moves each weapontrying to break your own combo record is kind of addictingIf you enjoy Deadpool or a Hack & Slash game it's a must have
,Recommended,224060,17351400,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Kytronix,You like deadpool? You like action? You like breaking the 4th wall? Then THIS is the game for you.
,Recommended,224060,17345504,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Konkeror101,"Just Plain Fun, Glad is back on Steam for every one to experience it."
76561198007812404,Recommended,224060,33867079,Posted: 28 July,all,Aquarius,"This game captures Deadpool very well. A bit repetitive but very funny and will guarentee you a few laughs in the same way as a Duke Nukem game would... just really stupid concepts, characters and monolouges"
,Recommended,224060,28126523,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,NutSixteen,"If you are a fan of Deadpool, you will love this game.If not, this game will be an enjoyable but slightly unpolished gaming experience.The story is a typical Deadpool fourth wall breaking experience.  There is enough fan service to keep fans entertained.  Deadpool fans will love that the developers mostly succeeded in keeping Deadpool faithful to the comics.  Going through the story is like reliving an experience through Deadpool's twisted mind.  It may not have actually happened that way but Deadpool's version of the story is more fun anyway.Gameplay wise, you can seamlessly stab and shoot your way through the levels.  The combo system feels a bit disjointed and jagged at first but as you level up, things get more smooth and enjoyable.   The fighting mechanics are not as fluid as the Batman Arkham series or Shadow of Mordor but is still very fun and enjoyable.You can seamlessly transition between keyboard and mouse controls or gamepad controls but since this game was initially made for consoles, the gamepad controls feel more natural compared to the kb/m controls.  If you want to go flippy-flippy stabby-stabby with a bit of shooty-shooty, use the gamepad.  If you want to 3PS this and go mainly shooty-shooty, use the keyboard and mouse.The stages are mainly linear and you will almost never get lost even when you run around looking for loot to pick up.  Just follow the coins and you know you are heading in the right direction.  The few puzzles are mainly straighforward but when you get confused, the game will throw some visual cues for you on how to proceed.  Take too long and Deadpool will verbally tell you how to proceed and maybe throw in a few insults just for good measure.The game adds in a few short sections of other gameplay elements to spice things up between slicing and dicing your way through waves of enemies.  These short and sweet sections are a welcome addition that break up the monotony of the main levels.Enemies get more difficult as you progress.  The game does a good job of gradually introducing more challenging enemies.  It also spices things up sending out different combinations of enemies in different waves forcing you to adapt your playing style to the different waves that come at you.  Boss fights are challenging and fun.  You won't able to easily Leroy Jenkins through the bosses but survive long enough and you'll eventually easily figure out the strategy on how to beat them.  Early stage bosses get thrown into the grunt mix in the later stages making the mid-late game fights challenglingly fun.  You already know how to beat them.  You just need to figure out how to use that strategy with countless other grunts trying to kill you.Even as a Deadpool fan, I don't reccomend getting this game at full price but if it is on sale, grab it.  You won't regret it."
,Recommended,224060,26416669,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Dycerius,"The game play is more or less similar to other super hero games, such as batman and spiderman to name two. You have combos, you have super combos and you have upgradable weapons and other weapons. It takes a bit longer to unlock a lot of the combo and abilities in Deadpool compare to Amazing Spider Man 2 which in the same 4 hours I had unlocked around 75% of the abilities.Should you play the game because of the gameplay? Doesn't matter.What makes this game a genuine fun experience isn't the gameplay, and this comes from someone who values gameplay above anything else. I didn't think I would ever say this but the character personality is spot on, it is sarcastic and funny to say the least. The remarks the character makes are hilarious and amusing. So they did a very good job in creating playable character that is actually Deadpool, but unlike most other games that tries to immerse you...Deadpool is very clear about that he knows he is Deadpool...not you.Deadpool is Deadpool. You are the player. The game makes it clear as Deadpool communicates with his two inner voices, refuses to follow the game script and talks to you the player. In one event he insults the player and also makes sure you don't break the player camera. In other events there are issues with the game budget and dead pool has to call the game company.Needless to say, the story is nothing special. The narrative is nothing special.What makes it worth the play experience, is the PRESENTATION of a game character and world, that makes is very clear that it is a game, he is in game and you are the player.So, if you want to play a game and enjoy pretty good animation as he entertains you and your trying to play him. Go for it."
,Not Recommended,224060,7966019,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,CharreD,"I'd punch the guy who came up with this control scheme. Counter and Teleport(dodge/escape) bound to the same key, resulting in a number of deaths where you want to escape but DP keeps turning around and diving back into the fight. Gunplay is terrible. Frequently catch on bits of terrain. Chests are buggy and you'll encoutner ones that require a few attempts to open.Only buy if it's on sale."
,Recommended,224060,17608924,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Captain Unicornasaurusrex,"Awesome game! If you like Deadpool and/or DMC: Devil May Cry this is a must have! You buy and upgrade melees, guns, and traps and you can also purchase player upgrades! (It's called player because Deadpool breaks the Fourth Wall.) This is an hilarious game with some 8bit/Retro gameplay that actually makes sense. (As in it isn't really random that it's there.)"
76561198031324041,Recommended,224060,18219145,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Mumm-Ra,"I'm really conflicted when it comes to this game, on the one hand i find the gameplay to be really shallow but on the other i can't get enough of the humour. Im giving it the thumbs up because personally i find it to be a good representation of the Deadpool character and as a fan it really is worth the sale price just for that.- Graphically nothing special-Is short in length, 6 hours needed to finish-Combat has little to no variation+Deadpool game and they hit it out of the park. Brilliant voice actor as well.+You get to ♥♥♥♥♥ slap Wolverine+Those first 10 minutes exploring his appartment+ You get to squeeze Cable's man boobsA must buy for Deadpool fan's, certainly worth 15 bucks in a sale."
,Recommended,224060,26035821,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,mynameismonkey,"Playing through Deadpool feels about as schizophrenic as its control character. From one point of view, it's crazy, wacky, silly, senseless, indiscreet, and different all the more edifying words thatThesaurus.comproposes. This is a drawing in redirection – that is, in the occasion that you're into♥♥♥♥♥♥jokes and pleasing sexism. If not, then Deadpool – the character and the redirection – will pulverize on you like a buzzsaw on hard cheddar.Then again, an amazing part of the Deadpool gameplay experience is standard and safe… so secured you may think originator High Moon Studios is playing some kind of self-referential ""hello there, isn't it startling how ordinary this is?"" meta-smother on you. In any case, it's certainly not. No, Deadpool boasts however goes on a standard development encounter that is the turducken of videogame farce: It is the thing that it spoofs what it is.For those not acquainted with the criticalness of the unparalleled ""Merc with a Mouth,"" the spandex-clad Deadpool is himself a sham of a mess up. A backbone of Marvel Comics, he was given a recuperating segment by the Weapon X youthful colleagues (near ones who adamantium-ized Wolverine) in a trial framework that left him certifiably crazy – and cautious that he is in sureness a comic book character. From now on, Deadpool in like way knows he's a videogame character. Truly, he begins the story – what little there is – by persuading High Moon to make a redirection about him and from there on heaves out the script it sends over to him for support. It's a fittingly crazy approach that is unsurprising with Deadpool's character, paying little regard to the probability that it doesn't make for a solid story.Outfitted with weapons, katanas, and an undesirable love for chimichangas, Deadpool hits fun at videogame platitudes and tropes in every way that really matters as much as he hits shocking individuals with sharp difficulties. It's totally clear that Deadpool's specialists had an immense measure of fun bringing this character into common 3D; he a significant part of the time has question with the voices in his mind, and at one point can bounce on word bubbles transmitting from his corrupted personality to cross a savage stream. At a certain point, you can even induce a repulsive stalker circumstance between an exchange tree alternative and yourself. It's really inventive, sharp stuff that is made inside and out more lovely by Nolan North's especially vivacious development as the voice of Deadpool.Regardless, then there's the little matter of the horrid gameplay. In pseudo Batman-style, you can chain together combos with a blend of battle and shooting battle that, while not accurately unpleasant, begins off uninteresting and develops more stale the more you play. It can be fun cutting into an accessory in wrongdoing one second before completing him off with a shotgun impact to the head, however there's inadequate blend in ambushes and harder foes can radiate an impression of being incredibly invulnerable to your excited hacking.The higher the combo chain, the more DP focuses you'll get. These can be spent on securing new weapons (shotguns, overpowering sledges, explosives, bear traps, and so on.) or on trips to existing ones. In any case, few of these choices truly switch up the gameplay – most just upgrade evil and make adversaries take less hits. It's a rash redesign framework and doesn't precisely grow the inventive dull matter. This is Deadpool we're inspecting here! Why so true blue?Deadpool is moreover outfitted with a teleportation contraption that lets him *bampf* short separations like Nightcrawler, which can be vital for keeping up a vital separation from strikes or making a savvy escape when cornered. The disservice is that the vehicle catch is equivalent one that shows up over an adversary's surge toward trigger an extraordinary combo; get the organizing mistakenly and you may pummel behind him as opposed to hitting him. Transporting in tight spaces can be particularly bewildering a delayed consequence of the near to camera point of view, with foes out of the blue off-camera and you not knowing unequivocally where you are in relationship with them.Another weight is the dash on focusing on catch for gunplay. It fills in when in doubt, yet from time to time squeezing it will jar onto a spot just to the side of an objective's generous, cut capable bits. Right when a pile of ill defined terrible individuals hustle into a space to charge you – and they will, over and over - the right reverse thing you need to do is abuse productive time re-focusing on their melons.In any case, where Deadpool really doesn't paralyze is in its level game plan. In a preoccupation that is a send-up of videogames, you'd need to see an office level, a sewer level, a wild level, and so on, yet you'd also imagine that these chestnuts will be turned on their typical heads with a game plan that sticks your longings. On the other hand perhaps, each of these evidently uninteresting levels is played all around straight. Unquestionably, there are the unintentional startling amazing conclusions (Deadpool gets sucked into a 8-bit cell crawler, Deadpool fantasizes a scene in LittleBigPlanet-style outlines); it's fundamentally that these bits are given out like treats for working through the tolerably dull levels.Some later levels do show some more inventive limit, particularly when Death herself (an incessant love enthusiasm for Deadpool) submits him to a development of thoughtful difficulties to test his regard. In one set up like a beguilement stop ride, he needs to shoot cardboard set cases of the smart spirits making tracks in an inverse course from his own broke identity before they can wreck him. It's stuff like that I wish there was a more important measure of.Since the Big Bad is Mr. Detestable, a supervillain with a proclivity for cloning, Deadpool the distraction is pressed with samey-looking evil individuals. In addition, need to research Sinister's decision of cloning subjects, since he obviously picked the most awkward open assistant in wrongdoing. Some feebly attempt to search for safe house, however most simply stay before you and shoot. Truly, even the executive fights against supervillains are dull and tedious, moreover exceptionally fundamental. The triumphant framework is to escape to reestablish thriving and shoot from a parcel while transporting to avoid charges and power ambushes.Considering, Deadpool is about without insider facts and collectibles: an epic frustrated desire for a redirection that shams videogames and stars a superhero. In case you're wanting to open trade social occasions, comic book pages, or truly anything that'll lure you into replaying the 10 or so hours of development a second or third time, you'll be a sad puppy. When you play through the straight battle, the central motivation to keep the plate around is to play the Challenge Mode levels, which are only a development of survival modes set in near levels you basically played through.The VerdictBehind Deadpool's crazy pointlessness, innovative script, and amazing sight quiets is a genuinely regular, nonexclusive activity distraction. It's not ghastly, yet rather it's not especially amazing, either – and without gobs of secured riddles or unlockables to find, there's truly no motivation to replay it once you've wrapped up. Fabricate High Moon gets the character and brings the drawing in, yet none of the activity cleverness that would make Deadpool create. In case you're an aficionado of boob jokes and nitwit, overabundance, yet carefully fun gameplay, then Deadpool will offer you a couple days of preposterousness.(All reviews are retrieved from the Internet and piped through a succession of synonym tools three times both for humour and to save time. In my religion, this is known as Art(TM), but you can call it ""Threewording"")"
,Recommended,224060,31862591,Posted: 20 May,all,FearAssassin75,A thousand times better than I expected.  I love the humor and sarcasm Deadpool brings to the game.  Excellent 3rd person game with easy controls and weapons.Two thumbs up!!I love DP!
,Recommended,224060,8291417,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,BinaryViolence,"What do you  call two guns, two blades, red and black spandex, three voices, and lots of violence?Deadpool.Play the game. PLAY THE GAME!"
,Recommended,224060,27379113,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Ozzie Arcane,Fun game though overpriced because Activision. Also best use of a farm animal.
76561198000943390,Recommended,224060,7829175,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Laser Dragon,"This game is a ton of fun and is super hilarious, i would recommend it to anyone"
,Recommended,224060,18215777,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,maawolfe36 -DI-,"This is a game with Deadpool as the main character. What else do you need to know?Oh, fine, here's a real review.Deadpool is a very fun action/FPS game featuring the Merc with a Mouth as the main character. The game begins with Deadpool sitting in his apartment listening to a voicemail message from a game developer, who reluctantly agrees to create a game featuring Deadpool. ""Reluctantly,"" because at first he doesn't want to make the game but is forced to relent when Deadpool blows up his office.As you can see, from the very beginning of the game Deadpool is breaking the fourth wall as he talks about being in a video game, and there are a ton of Easter eggs for comic book fans (including the fact that Deadpool owns an autographed copy of New Mutants #98, his first appearance).The game quickly progresses into a bloodbath as our favorite mercenary jumps into action scenes one after another, with only a few short cutscenes to tell the story and the rest relying on gameplay. The action is a ton of fun, as you get to control Deadpool and use an entire arsenal of weapons including Katana, Sai, hammers, pistols, SMGs, a Shotgun, and even Cable's plasma rifle from the future. All the weapons need to be unlocked using points that you earn along the way, except for the sword and pistols that you start out with. As you unlock new weapons, you can also upgrade the ones you have, as well as upgrading Deadpool himself with extra HP, higher attack power, and a ton of other upgrades. This gives the game almost an RPG-like feel, since you can build up Deadpool however you like with tons of upgrade options. But it's not an RPG, which is a good thing in this instance because an RPG just wouldn't fit with Deadpool's style. He's a fighter, and the vast majority of your time playing the game will be spent in action levels shooting and slicing bad guys to pieces.Some people have criticized the action in this game for being too repetetive, but I haven't found this to be the case. Yes, it gets a little bit repetetive, just like every other fighting game in the world, but there is a good enough variety of combos and weapons to use that it won't get boring. Some enemies require different tactics too. For example, most normal enemies can usually be killed fairly easily by just charging in and attacking while paying attention to which ones are about to attack you so you can counter. However, some enemies will block your attacks so you have to mix up your attacks so they won't see what's coming. And many bosses require a bit of strategy, dodging their attacks with your teleporter then shooting them from afar or needing to run away for a while until your healing factor kicks in. Overall, the action sequences are a ton of fun in my opinion.The soundtrack is great. The upbeat hard rock music gives the game a hectic, fast-paced feel, and you can always tell when enemies are around because the music gets faster and louder.Graphics look spectacular. Deadpool himself looks amazing, the perfect blend of comic book style crossed with a touch of realism. The enemies are standard comic book grunts, all looking exactly alike and some are even called ""clones."" The levels look pretty good, although they can get a bit busy and hard to navigate at times.Speaking of level design, this is a very linear game. There are a few places where you can run around, but for the most part, the game gives you a set path that you have to follow with little room to maneuver. This aspect reminds me of Mass Effect, how there are a few open spaces but you always know exactly where the game wants you to go next. One thing I wasn't expecting that turned out to be a happy surprise was the presence of a few ""puzzle"" areas, where you need to figure out how to get from point A to point B using interactive mechanisms and the level around you. These areas are executed brilliantly, with enough puzzle to make you scratch your head from time to time, but enough guidance to keep it from being frustrating.The story is exactly what you'd expect if Deadpool wrote a video game: convoluted and crazy, but coherent enough to follow. But the best part is all the humor thrown throughout. For example, at one point of the game you take control of Deadpool as he slaps Wolverine repeatedly, trying to wake him up after a plane crash. You can keep slapping him for several minutes, and he keeps saying things like ""That was for being a jerk! That was for never letting me fly the X-plane! And that was just to see how long the player will keep hitting the button!"" In a few places, Deadpool talks directly to the player, and throughout the game you get to hear the various voices inside his head telling him what they think about the situations. These are the kind of jokes that even non-fans can appreciate.Overall, this is a very fun game that shouldn't be taken too seriously. If you come into it expecting a serious action drama, you'll be sadly disappointed. But if you love Deadpool and know what to expect, then you'll have the time of your life. 10/10 for Deadpool fans, 8/10 for anyone who doesn't already know who Deadpool is and what he's all about.--------------------------------------------------------------------If you enjoy my reviews, why not follow my curation page?Click here to do that thing!"
76561197990539789,Recommended,224060,20114546,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Schuitje82,Deadpool is a 3d Adventure / Slice & Dice Video Game.// Schuitje82 - Short Reviews //I think you get a good view who the Character Deadpool is in this game.It's has some crazy toughts and childisch humour. (So you hate or love him)Deadpool is a basic 3d adventure game with a extended upgrade system to it.You slash ... run.... jump your way though the levels nothing special.Even on normal can give you a good challange with this game.Graphic part has been well made and still a good looking for these days.It's has not been on steam for a very long time for some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t copyright reasons.And i'm so happy it's back and could buy it after all these time waiting.This is a fun an good game not the best 3d adventure games out these.I would buy it in the sale 15 dollar / euro is still a lot of money.I buyd it because i'm a marvel / Deadpool fan.I would give this game a 8/10.Fore more reviews check my profile orwww.gamegrin.com
76561198082700425,Recommended,224060,19738143,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,DevilsK1ss,Start Game:♥♥♥♥♥♥joke1 min into Game: More♥♥♥♥♥♥jokessome time later :♥♥♥♥♥♥jokes with a lot of killing9h later even more♥♥♥♥♥♥jokes :D10/10 would hear all♥♥♥♥♥♥jokes again
,Recommended,224060,21367764,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,look at this dude,its deadpool
,Recommended,224060,7942566,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Lex Lagger,"I heard bad things about this game so I wasn't right on board with it from the start, picked it up durring a steam sale. Over all, great game! If you like the batman games you really need to give this one a try. Honestly the combat system in this one I like better than the one used in the batman games even though it is very similar, something about this one just feels more natural to me.It's funny, it's dirty, it's trashy and sometimes just wrong... In other words, it's fantastic. It's not something for children but it's a fun romp for those old enough to hear the language and jokes in the game. It's a bit juvinile but that's part of the fun.I don't know that I'll play through it again as I'm sure hearing all the same material a second time wont be as entertaining but it was pleanty of fun the first time though and I did it in a day.End result? Worth the play for the fun gameplay and the laughs. Buy it on special."
76561197978232684,Recommended,224060,8186899,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,[Asgard] Thor,"This game was clearly made for a controller, so keep that in mind prior to purchasing. That out of the way, this game is a lot of fun. This game seems to want you to use melee weapons more than ranged weapons as the accuracy on the guns leaves much to be desired. The game features an upgrade system, which I always enjoy, and and new game plus."
,Recommended,224060,17159434,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,[cwz]Muggo,"i love this game its Deadpool done perfect and i keep reading people dont like how the combat get dull, boring and just repeats its self over and over but all the Batman Arkham games have the same exact fighting system but people say they love the combat in that game as well but this game you can actually change up how you fight from time to time so in my opition the Deadpool game is alot more fun than any of the Batman Arkham games any day of the year"
,Recommended,224060,2850962,"Posted: 26 June, 2013",all,fight me,"''I LIKE TO THINK OF MYSELF AS AN ARTISTE''-Sir Deadpool, 2013"
,Recommended,224060,5076531,"Posted: 12 July, 2013",all,Deadpool,Awesomeness...
76561198077808116,Recommended,224060,29711829,Posted: 4 February,all,bzombo,"Deadpool is a good game. It's too bad it didn't sell more. If it was released closer to the movie coming out I bet it would have sold better. Be aware that the game is short. It runs about 10 hours long and that's it. If you're a fan of Deadpool, you'll enjoy the game."
76561197994090253,Recommended,224060,1517971,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,GeneralBobcat,"If you love♥♥♥♥♥♥♥jokes, it's a must-have. If you don't, it's a cool-cool action game with boobs, fit for a rad guy like yourself."
,Recommended,224060,17258000,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Daddy DeVito,"Gets very repetitive, but all the witty puns and the abaility deadpool has to break the fourth wall. I would recommend it.Ps whatever you do, do not play on hard, if you play on hard you are accepting the fact that you might punch a small child."
76561198146572401,Recommended,224060,17305912,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Krisstmas,"Deadpool, Psylocke, Domino, Wolverine, Rogue and Cable in a game together? YES! Now buy the game!"
,Recommended,224060,31030991,Posted: 8 April,all,mdair,I've always been a bif fan of deadpool. This game is like playing a Deadpool comic book. The story is fun and so is the game. It's a combination of 3rd person shooter and hack and slash.It has some puzzle solving but nothing too dificult.If your a Deadpool fan and have followed the comics through the years you will like all the easter egg references.
,Recommended,224060,23849341,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Sid7o,Nice but repetitive
76561197970787854,Recommended,224060,33286821,Posted: 5 July,all,RightHander,"I was conflicted whether or not to give this one a positive or negative review.PROs-Hilarious 4th wall comedy throughout. If you enjoyed the style of the film, you'll love this.-Runs well, old graphics, but does the superhero game justice.-Good length. Some people will hate that it's under 10 hours, but the legth seemed proper.CONs-The combat. My god it's bad. It's like they tried to implement something like batman's flow system, and utterly failed. Guns and Melee weapons have no weight or feel to them. Just hollow, unsatifying hack n slash.-Balance. For some reason the machine gun grunts, if grouped anything more than 2, will drop you in 1-2 seconds. It makes little sense and was extremely frustrating.Overall I'd still recomend it, and I hope they make a sequel."
76561198364626496,Recommended,224060,33671444,Posted: 20 July,all,"`,✯Furkan✯`,",Best story thanks high moon studios :D
76561197998851273,Recommended,224060,35265195,Posted: 28 September,all,Streeky Flinders,I'm here to kick &$$ and eat chimichangas.......and I'm all out of chimichangas.
,Recommended,224060,19317288,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,Baznoc™,"This game was out of keys for Steam, for a while I recomend buying it because I love its Adult comedy( I HAVE to stress ADULT!) and game play! Its a riot.Tacos, slapping Wolverine, combine that with virtual internet porn... You cannot go wrong."
76561198046489746,Recommended,224060,29367464,Posted: 19 January,all,Dinoaur,"Got this for twenty bucks on a sale and for that price it's a great game. If you like deadpool, get it. The gameplay feels like a mix of DMC and maybe a little arkham thrown in there, so if that's sounds fun you'll probably like it."
,Recommended,224060,23489078,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Leojaleo,"Good for fun, not thinking and just killing"
,Recommended,224060,8222339,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,♫TGC> The Games Collector,"Really Fun game. Deadpool is just one of those lovable insane characters. And a whole game revolving around him, wow.But this game does have one downside; worst button layout EVER! Also a really crummy keymap menu which doesn't really help changing the layout.If you don't like crappy controls, skip it. Really. Then again, if you got a gamepad, go for it.It's still kind of weirdly mapped, but Deadpool is crazy, so is controlling him. You'll get used to it after a few minutes in."
,Not Recommended,224060,23837665,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Astore,"The does it really right. They created Deadpool as expected the jokes, the looks, the overall appaerance.The story is pretty thin, since you could call it ""Go after that guy"".I possibly made the mistake of playing it on the highest difficulty ""ultra-violence"". In this mode nearly every enemy can one-shot you, even if you are fully specced, with every single perk you can buy. That and the way too few autosaves made it a real pain to play through.Additional to that I found some glitches. There were several unexpected death by projectiles that flew through walls. Sometimes I just died without seeing anything. In the final stages I had only a quater second of time to dodge the oneshot attack, right after a video sequence, which I had to watch over and over again.And who the hell thought of this keyboard controls?On the highest difficulty the battles were additionally really long, so the story feels really dragged throughout the game, while it is becoming thinner and thinner to the end.After all I recommend this game only for people who either knows the marvel universe, or has fun with Deadpools repeating jokes."
,Recommended,224060,25262894,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Cobra,"I saw the movie and was kinda good. But The comics were way better (and just too many), also Deadpool is portayed to be an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, even with himself cuz he will autosabotage his own crazy plans just for fun, he's the merc with a mouth!This game is more acurate with the character than the movie, i'll say funnier jokes (cmon in the movie he's not crazy enough to have the voices inside his head, they're like pinky and the brain). He makes the game's plot on the go, you just play and mash buttons.Controls are ok, responsive enough but kinda falls on the twitch style, you have to keep an eye on incoming attacks or evade just in time to keep on your combos, but that♥♥♥♥♥♥is fun.Graphics are not ♥♥♥♥ing excellent, but they aren't bad either, Sounds are great tho, the soundtrack is fun to hear and the voice actors were ok, except for the guy doing deadpool, his version is way far better than the one from the movie. Deadpool tells a joke about being silent, stealthy and deadly, like bad doggie farts, i've choked on my bong rip.And the achievements are fun to get, sometimes they really test your skills, or your ♥♥♥♥ing patience.LAST WORDS:Play it always on hard. 7.5/10"
,Recommended,224060,22567897,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,Technobreaker,"Why am I recommending this game? Because of jokes. Yeah that's it. Other features in game is not as good as jokes. Here's the pros and cons.PROS+ Amazing jokes!+ Deadpool!+ It's really close to comic book stuff.+ Some combos and finishing moves.+ Momentum attacks.CONS- Game forces you to play with a controller and shooting and moving with controller is too difficult.- Very short story, it's around 5 hours.- 40 dollars for 3 years old game?! Wait for a sale to get this because it's not worth 40 dollars.- Bugs and they are annoying- Game is all about story and challenges which makes it really short. It doesn't even contains collectibles."
,Not Recommended,224060,18194714,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Slinkeeking,I bought this game for the full price when it first launched. I was pretty excited but I can tell you now you just really have to like Deadpool to justify paying more than 10 bucks for this. There really isn't any other reason to play it after you've beaten it (Which took me 6 freaking hours) so that sucks. There isn't really a story but who cares I just wanted to see Deadpool doing his normal nonsense which this game does deliver on very well. Nolan North does a great job of voicing DP per the norm and that's fine and all but the game still sucks♥♥♥♥♥ One of the worst money grabs I've ever seen.
,Recommended,224060,21454117,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,=MBT= HildeGurd,This is pure fun :)
76561198073088368,Recommended,224060,18187573,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,The Silent One,This is the craziest game that I have ever played in my life..this was recommended to me my some friends and all I can say is thank you.
,Recommended,224060,18266423,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Rainbow,"If you are a fan of Deadpool character it is a must buy title. But even if you are not and you just like casual slash and kill games filled with sassy sense of humor, I still higly reccomend it - and who knows, maybe after this game you will become a Deadpool fan :)Overall it is great and funny game, gameplay is nothing special but not bad either. You cant expect A++ graphics and breathtaking storyline though. Storyline is just ... well ... Deadpool style.8/10"
,Recommended,224060,18267027,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,LazyTitan,"Actually a really good game, as long s you don't mind button bashing."
,Recommended,224060,8377448,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Squadward,This game has Nolan North 10/10 would buy
,Recommended,224060,8395410,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,VxxD,"This game does not worth more than 15 euros to me. If you are a Deadpool fan you may love this game as the character moves are awesome and I lol'd many times though the game because of his jokes.However the level design is quite poor, graphics are ok, the game is quite short and the controls are mainly gamepad oriented since you can't really customize them if you have additional mouse buttons for example.High Moon Studios made a Deadpool humor concentrated game and have also put some other game references like Zelda, JRPG and platform games in it. SO if you like Deadpool and his humor, you can go for it :)"
76561198005654854,Recommended,224060,7934909,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Daren Von Doom Fox,"To start I only paid $10 for the game so the review is based off that price point.Deadpool took me about 7 hours to beat and the characters and way the story was delivered is what kept me going. The characters and Deadpool himself were great and Deadpools antics had me laughing a few times as well. But while the story and characters were good, the gameplay was easily the let down. It was decent not very good but nothing wrong with it either. It just left me feeling like it could have been a lot better. The game was also quite linear and not very long either. If the story hadn't been as entertaining to me I doubt I'd have played through to the end.The game also features a progression system that allows you to upgrade Deadpools abilities and even get him new equipment. You do this by spending DP points which you earn as you defeat enemies (the higher the combo you have also multiplies how many bonus points you get when you've cleared a particular area of enemies). The upgrade system was nice but I certainly felt like half of the things you could buy for him were a bit pointless. As far as weapons I used the sais after I unlocked them and didn't touch his katanas again, and I only used the hammers at the end when their higher damage really counted. Same with the guns, pistols were great for range and shotguns were great up close. The SMG's and the Pulse Rifles felt like they really had no place.The final point I will cover is the difficultly spike at the end. I played on the standard difficutly and though I died a few times I never found the game to be more than slightly challanging at a few points. But at the end of the game you find yourself in this sort of arena situation where tougher and tougher enemies are thrown at you in waves with an increasing number of them in each wave leading up to the climax of the game. The problem is that it was a massive jump in difficultly right at the end and I actually died a decent amount in this segment, It really came out of no where and it felt really out of place.Overall for $10 I feel like it was worth it, but having said that I wouldn't feel the same if I had paid anymore for this game. Wait for $10 or cheaper even if you are a big deadpool fan."
,Recommended,224060,29927724,Posted: 14 February,all,Dantey,"To make it short- This game is Funny, There is a lot of Shooting going on and if y'all have read the comics about this magnificent ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, you will seriously enjoy this game. This game does not contain a ""deep Story"" (obviously) and I would recommend it to people who like to have a good laugh."
,Recommended,224060,8465956,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,emnii,"I got this more or less on Steam sale impulse, and I was pleasantly surprised! Deadpool is kind of a dumb character, and Deadpool is kind of a dumb game. But it's dumb in a good way! There are a ton of stupid jokes that miss more than hit, but the action is pretty fast-paced and varied, and the platforming is mercifully brief. Deadpool talks constantly, as is expected from the character. I heard ""what's your blood type?"" more times than I want to count.The environments are not the most exciting. Sewers, a prison, the ruined island of Genosha, and a rather tame interpretation of Hell. What kept me going was the cameos from X-Men and how Deadpool interacted with them. The main story isn't exciting, or particularly cohesive, but Deadpool's interactions with Cable and Death were good. What particularly hurts the action is the camera, which doesn't always seem to be in a good position to follow what's going on. But it's not a deal breaker.It's also a game that makes fun of a lot of video game tropes, some more competantly than others. Remember the strip club scene in Duke Nukem Forever that was really weird and creepy? In Duke's fantasy, he's the coolest guy and all the ladies want him. It's just the weirdest thing because sexy polygon ladies is always weird and they're coming onto you. Deadpool takes this in the other direction. There's a pool party and Deadpool tries to hit on the women there and they just shoot him down every single time. He's gross and weird and they want nothing to do with him, and it's hilarious. Deadpool frequently breaks the fourth wall and points to the dumber stuff in video games.It's no masterpiece, and it's short (6 - 7 hours), but if you're into Deadpool and competant action, it'll keep you entertained for a weekend or a long afternoon."
,Recommended,224060,8451875,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Randonfury,"I was skeptical to buy the Deadpool game after seeing all the mediocre reviews. But it when on sale on steam for pretty cheap. So I thought, ""Why not?"". Now that I have completed the main story. I can say the game is worth giving a shot. The combat might not be innovative, and is a bit repetitive. But the game is short, that by the time I got bored of it was near the end. A lot of Marvel and Deadpool fans have praised the game for how it stays true to Deadpool's character. Nolan North really shines through as the voice of Deadpool. If you're looking for the next advancement in the hack and slash genre with innovative combat, you will be disappointed. But if you're looking for a fun short game based on an insane comic book character with crude and adult humor. Then you will be pleased with Deadpool."
,Recommended,224060,17109049,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Dr. Fortyseven,"A fun game! A bit of a repetitive action title, but it was hilarious enough for me to ride it through to the end. (It's been a while, but I remember the ending being rather cheap and brutal -- but not insurmountable. Beware.)"
76561198101908030,Recommended,224060,8321477,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,s3r@ph,"This is, above and beyond, one of the best comic to game adaptations ever made. Even beyond games such as the old x-men 4 player arcade or the more recent wolverine origins game. The representation of Deadpool here is about as close to his persona within the actual comics as any developer has ever come.Beyond this, the game is a near constant fest of entertaining quips and jabs at both the gaming culture and general pop culture. Only Saints Row IV is able to compete on the level of clever writing and humuorous criticism / homage put on display through this games dialogue.Admittedly, the game may lose quite a bit of appeal if the humor within is not appreciated by the player though for myself, I can't remember the last time I laughed openly so much while playing through a game.There is a story, but as Deadpool would say himself, it's not that important. What is imporatant is that Deadpool is able to very much BE Deadpool.There is an upgrade system, combo system, and somewhat clunky stealth kill system along with decently implemented shooter mechanics to compliment melee combat. Overall the combat isn't quite up to the level of titles such as Ninja Gaiden or Devil May Cry but it is surpisingly satisfying and bloody.If you enjoy the deeper humour and witty commentary about pop culture to found in titles like Saints Row IV, then you will love this game for that alone."
,Recommended,224060,18309191,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Rudi,"Deadpool is a great, light-heated, singleplayer game. If you're a Marvel fan or Deadpool fan in general you will love it. It's very true to the character and has some great cameos from other characters. I only got 8 hours of gameplay out of it and I had completed it and upgraded most of the weapons to max. As sumamry, short, sweet, and funny."
,Recommended,224060,17977626,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,[WxH] T4CT1C4Lx S4US4G3,"If you know anything about Deadpool and enjoy a very random and sarcastic sense of humor, then this game is for you. Plenty of refrences to the comics for long time fans, and pop culture refrences for newer viewer."
,Recommended,224060,17100554,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,{EXILE}™GuitarSlayer,"Great game.I got it long tome ago,,then it was removed from steam(sale only),,,glad to see it back on steam :)"
,Recommended,224060,24327822,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,MasonCatalone,"Entertainingly comical, challenging at times, and a good time for Marvel fans.9.5/10"
,Recommended,224060,24311494,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Nexal,"TL;DR --> if you enjoy a good hack'n'slash game, constant joking and/or the Deadpool character just buy this game.From the first act, you can see that Deadpool is a game made for action game fans and also Marvel fans. The strong point about this is that it works.You have a huge arsenal of weapons, combos and dirty jokes at your disposal to bring pain and disgrace upon your enemies (and sometimes among your own friends). Pack this up with a story that doesn't even take itself seriously and a few well paid cameos (hey! It's Cable!) and you've got one of the most fun casual games I've played in a while.Chimichanga/10 , would slap the crap out of Wolverine again."
,Recommended,224060,7911599,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Vitamin Dei,"While Deadpool isn't nearly as bad as reviews would have you believe, and I did [mostly] enjoy my time with it, I don't think I could go so far as to say it's objectively good. On its surface it's an open area, weapons-based fighter that mixes melee combat and gunplay a la Devil May Cry, but with Deadpool's brand of self-aware, attention deficit disordered, crazy humor.We'll start with the good: the game is pretty funny. Sure, the humor is often off-color and Deadpool as a character isn't for everyone, especially not those with delicate sensibilities regarding language and treatment of women. I can't recall anything that I would descibe as anything more than ""sophmoric"", so if you can tolerate some anatomical and potty humor or just roll your eyes and let it roll off your back, you're set to enjoy the better parts of what Deadpool has to offer. The voice work deserves the majority of the credit for the positive light in which I'm able to view the story, since the writing isn't particularly special. Nolan North pulls off Deadpool's gags more effectively than I expected, and the other voice actor's do a commendable job as well.Mechanically the game is largely solid but suffers from a few issues. You have two buttons dedicated to melee attacks, two buttons involved in the shooting of guns, a jump and a teleport/counter button. You also get an extremely spastic camera that you can try to rein in with the right analog stick.Good luck with that.You'll be attacked by groups of enemies that you'll fight off by mashing light and heavy attacks plus a direction to move quickly from one to the next in order to fight the group. You can pepper in some gunplay, but in my experience it didn't fit easily into the combo system due in part of the unreliable camera and the game's tempermental lock-on system. The combat feels a little like Devil May Cry and Batman: Arkham Asylum's lovechild, but it doesn't manage to be as satisfying as either of its inspirations. It's certainly serviceable, though, and I would be lying if I said I didn't enjoy wading into crowds of clone soldiers and managing long combo strings.The problem is that you're going to be doing quite a lot of it. The developers did manage to mix things up a little bit with some fun, gimicky humor levels like a top-down Zelda style sequence and a 2D platformer, which serve as a nice break. That all aside, though, the core of the gameplay is still running into an area and dealing with the endless horde of clones that will pour out to deal with you. The fact that Deadpool addresses it in his incidental dialogue is appreciated, but doesn't keep it all from feeling a little stale by the end of the game. And hey, speaking of the end of the game there's a pretty severe late game difficulty spike that feels a bit out of place. More enemies will be equipped with devestating ranged attacks that will end you very quickly unless you can bypass their friends to take them out first.In the final sequences of the game you'll face a frustrating boss gauntlet. Thought it was annoying when Arclight slowed you and then threw you into the air to pound you? You won't feel any better about it when Blobkbuster is charging at you throwing boulders and Vertigo is standing on a ledge just kinda being Vertigo. I played through the entire game aware of its cracks and shortcomings, but feeling happy to ignore them and enjoy the spectacle until these final, frustrating moments. In the end I think that speaks to a largely positive experience, so I'm recommending Deadpool with some reservations. As long as your expectations are in the right place, Deadpool is a fun way to kill seven or so hours."
76561197970758403,Recommended,224060,18539521,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,FlyingShazbot,"I rate this game Deadpool / 10This game is soley for the fans of Deadpool. The writing and humor is top notch and does the comics justice. If you want to buy this game on the hopes of solid gameplay, dont. It's pretty lackluster. But if you're a fan of Deadpool like me, you will probably want to blast through this game just to see what the ♥♥♥♥ he does and says next."
,Recommended,224060,284997,"Posted: 1 July, 2013",all,Ausdrake,"I can't remember the last time I've laughed out loud so much at a game before, this game is carried by it's writing and it's just as zany as you might expect. The gameplay is so-so, it's been done better in other games, and it has alot of faults in places, but nothing serious enough to make it bad. Serviceably average. It doesn't have much replay value, and will only last you a few hours unless you're stupid like me and play on hard. Until you figure out a few exploits to make combat effortless, the spread out checkpoints and cheap difficulty (only applies to hard) can make it really frustrating.If you live in Australia it's totally worth the asking price if you like Deadpool's 4th wall breaking, vulgar and ridiculous antics, anywhere else and it might be worth waiting for a sale."
,Recommended,224060,20199921,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,GTOfire,"Not terribly long, but worth every last penny multiple times over. Great action gameplay, surprisingly challenging and absolutely ♥♥♥♥ing hilariously over the top."
,Recommended,224060,8372729,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,El Loco Pepe,"The game gets Deadpool perfect. Tons of fun, good system, and you get the option of slapping Wolverine for 5 minutes! It is, however, short, so on sale is the perfect time to grab this. Cause it may be short, but what's there is fantastic."
,Recommended,224060,17453750,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Magicphobic,"Great game if you love the Merc with a mouth, if you're not so much a fan there are better adventure/action shooter/beat em up games out there. I personally love it and find replay value in trying to complete the whole story without dying once, start to finish or seeing how long I can last in the challenges. Given the rising price of games these days, $40 isn't bad for what you're getting, compared to not being able to buy games like Splatoon or Mario Kart 8 for less then 70-80 dollars."
,Recommended,224060,29386420,Posted: 20 January,all,Kleinish,Fantastic game! Can't run it in dsr 4k with a gtx 1070(but thats ok). runs great and makes me laugh alot
76561197974314589,Recommended,224060,20192965,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,GLPlayaz,"Very fun action platformer. I like the comedy Deadpool brings to the table. His comments and mannerisms are the best part of the game. This entire game was fun, not one second was I bored nor did I want to stop playing. I highly recommend this game, if not for the humor alone. It makes me glad I have his first appearence in New Mutants."
,Recommended,224060,20199432,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Tanker Captain,Just a hack and slash game but its got so much comedy in it youll be rolling in the aisles!5/7 would definately chimichnaga again!
,Recommended,224060,7889997,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Sloanster,"The game Deadpool is extremely funny. Some players may find some things to be offense, just a heads up.   Deadpool is a great mix of funny jokes, action packed scenes and great voice acting. There are some negative aspects to this game. One, after a few levels the game does get linear and start to become dull. The jokes and commentary pull you through with little though of being bored. Two, the upgrade system needs some tweaking to make it more sensible, then again being sensible isn't Deadpool's thing. Three, there are no options to edit your graphics, this really bugs me because my computer can handle much more then the default settings. Other then these few problems Deadpool is a exciting, hilarious and entertaining video game."
,Recommended,224060,8465873,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Facheeto,"9/10It really pains me to score it there. It would be a clean sweep if you could bind controls as you see fit, but the binding menu is quite restrictive (mainly in the fact that you cannot utilize mouse4 or mouse5 buttons)."
76561197993201681,Recommended,224060,33298816,Posted: 5 July,all,ErrorCMDR,Great game but is a little short. If you can pick it up on sale it's worth it.  If you like the Deadpool comics or thought the movie's style of humor was funny then this is the game for you.
,Recommended,224060,18541770,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,KN-1V-35,"Alright,so this game is pretty funny. I mean what do you expect with a Deadpool game?story is alright, but hilarious so it keeps you into it.combat 7/10story     7/10amount of fun, and laughs I had at this game?Over 9000/10."
,Recommended,224060,3247209,"Posted: 3 August, 2013",all,Bacon,"The Humor is good, anything else is kinda meh or not that great.Good if your a Deadpool fan, but would recommend getting this on sale if you can if curious about it. I enjoyed it the humor does make this game fairly decent."
,Recommended,224060,18176471,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,[S] Halide,"Do you like Deadpool?  Are you a fan Superhero beat-em-ups?  Do you enjoy off-beat humor and goofy nonsense?  Is your brain okay with losing a few IQ points for a while?Then this game is for you.  A competent 3D beat-em-up of its own, Deadpool delivers in spades with a sharp tongue, a flippant attitude, a thirst for blood, great gags and a thirst for blood.  A fine adaptation of the motor-mouthed murderous merc from paper to player, this game delivers happily on that deadpool itch, and still makes for a pretty fun jaunt for those who aren't fans of the series."
76561198032532474,Recommended,224060,4129053,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,Robot Panda,"If you really admire Deadpool as a character you will really enjoy this game, if you don't then you should probably skip this one. Myself being a Deadpool fan I loved this game and I demand a sequel!"
,Recommended,224060,23838473,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,xNillax,"If you love deadpool, this is a great game. Chimichangas, man. Chimichangas."
76561198024603357,Recommended,224060,28091695,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,kenshin0079,If you love the comic and the Movie then you'll love this game.   If you just want  fun game then you'll love this game. If you like to lol then you will love this game. If you liked this review of Deadpool then you'll love this game.
76561198197532351,Recommended,224060,25270089,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Daisy Milona,"This game is fun to play, and has great humour. The combat system could get a little boring, but there are a few different weapons to switch between if a diverse system is really important to you. I encountered a few bugs (treasure chests that wouldn't open, and I fell through the map once) but nothing major. Seriously, these points shouldn't keep you from buying this, because it's a really creative and humerous game. Recommended!"
76561198199705718,Recommended,224060,21246687,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Travie,"I love this game. Anyone that likes Deadpool will love it. I have burned myself out playing it though, Still fun, I hope to see another one."
,Recommended,224060,23576714,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Mountaineer,"if you're a deadpool fan you will like this, a little repetetive but a fun hack n slash game."
76561198306338985,Recommended,224060,34155697,Posted: 10 August,all,The1RealDeadpool,"This is how Deadpool game should be like! It's nearly perfect. But its a Game so you know.So cons first:- length: game is not super short, but doesn't last long enough either.(Last long enough for the game to be fun and to have a part 2 Thus to maximise fun factor I'd recommend playing it at highest difficulty level and listening to WHAM! and Corey Hart.- you can always replay it and beat it in the hardest mode like the masterpool did. Also do it so you can also become BOSS and MASTER like this guy!!! ;D- enemies.. there is just few types of them. Laaaazy. But self-destructing, chattering Gambit clones make up for it and the tubbies.Next is all pros:- awesome graphics (comic like too ;D)- story messed up well enough to match main protagonist's psyche (no deadpools not crazy hes just a normal guy the dumb canadian goverment screw up to make him in fact a crazy. So ya i guess hes crazy.)- very nice choice of weapons (melee and ranged... and tossed), different combos and special effects to each one of them.- smooth combat, aiming is easy, switching between weapons not hard to get used to (EZ PEEZE Find with Gun holds the answer to the Clones and which is better for you to enjoy with weapons make baddies go BOOM BOOM!!!!- some good old x-men pallies make appearance and get smack with a big fat and good'ol back hand slap (suck it wolvie).- expect some unexpected surprises, like interactible sofa in the middle of the mission. Found it by accident oh no and expect the unexpected like a Robot Manuel in a Robot Foot with no DAMAGE ahhh you love all these fun stuff!!!- you can LEVEL up your character TO MATCH THE BADA** SUIT (but seriously people you all know that DEADPOOL cant get anymore BADA**)!!!!- story and the world presented does justice to comics. Indeed, stuff can get very comics-like at times, especially at introduction moments AND COOKING WITH DEADPOOL!!!!- personally one of my favourite villains is... well a main antagonist, but that's beside the point.- and of course the biggest gem of them all: Deadpool being Deadpool and ME!!!!- always replay it and beat it in the hardest mode like the masterpool did. Also do it so you can also become BOSS and MASTER like this guy!!! ;DHad lots of fun. And re-playing first few stages after maxing everything that could be maxed was a cheerful blast.If you like Deadpool and/or Marvel's x-men(screw the X-men get the game because you like ME and in your heart it says get me get me get me get me buy Deadpool buy Deadpool buy Deadpool - you will like this game, even though we all would wish it a bit longer and more of everything with a side of hot sauce and chmimchangas.oh and i notice whoever is the guy reading this 2 million word review and is a narc remember how you seen a lot of these !!!! well guess what time for more!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! Ha in your face Comic Writers i out done you!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!DEADPOOL 2 COMING SOON TO WHOEVER IS BADA** ENOUGH TO MAKE IT!!!!!!!!!"
,Not Recommended,224060,7743678,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,minikane,6.5/10Realy funny game! but with out the jokes the story is useless and pointless to play fighting waves of the same emery’s over and over.Not worth your money unless your a fan of deadpool
76561198057930469,Not Recommended,224060,28624776,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Doc Sys,"I bought this game on sale  - and beat it in 5 hoursThat was basically $2 per gameplay hour. While I love the character, the gameplay itself is pretty mindless, repetative and just not worth it given the length of game vs cost.It has a few moments here and there, but overall I can't recommend anyone else buy it unless you just have to have any and every piece of ""Deadpool"" schtick out there.Oh - and like almost every other game out there designed for console players (yes - it IS a console game adapted to PC) - you have to unplug any usb joysticks, otherwise the camera just goes around in circles. Crazy, they couldn't even get the controls for PC players set up right."
,Recommended,224060,21221275,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,SHODANFreeman,"Pretty straight-forward generic third person shooter gameplay, but it's 100% pure Deadpool."
,Recommended,224060,23523564,"Posted: 12 June, 2016",all,Happy Yellow Taxi Bear,If you like Deadpool - play Deadpool! :) The typical Deadpool humor is what makes this game aweseome (for me)! Without Deadpool it would only be a pretty decent action beat 'em up - but with Deadpool you can beat the hell out of your opponent in  a vary of interessting and insulting ways! :DI needed some time to get familiar with the controls (Big Picture + Xbone). But after a while I only failed during the vary of fights - pretty challenging - but that is not a disadvantage from my point of few. :)And at the end I managed to finish... ahhh... I am touching m.... *grab unicorn*Have fun playing! :)(Get the Nuthals guns and use them in close combat! Brakkabrakkabrakkabrakka!)
,Recommended,224060,21786982,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,DemiDeityLink,"Deadpool is probably one of the hardest comic book characters to bring to life due to his versitile characteristics, vulgar jokes, and simply his oddly humoristic personality. However, both High Moon Studios and Nolan North did a great job bringing Deadpool to life in the game of the same name, ""Deadpool""! It doesn't do anything new besides being a third person Slash 'Em Up, but that wasn't what fans asked for. Every single Deadpool, Marvel, or simply comic book fan should definately pick this up. A must for every lover of the Merch with a Mouth. (Heheh, ""lover""!)"
,Recommended,224060,8413185,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Siñior Ginóbili,This game is simply THE BEST SUPERHERO GAME EVER!!! Deadpool is so f*cking BADASS!!!Buy it and you wont regret it. 100% fun.
,Recommended,224060,4850753,"Posted: 8 July, 2013",all,🅱oneless,ITS SO AWESOME AWESOME CAN'T DESCRIBE HOW AWESOME IT IT!!!!!!!!!!!!ITZ SO BOZZ
76561198189073103,Recommended,224060,21634663,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Aytgh,"Boobies! Digital boobies everywhere! Ahah! Hahhahhahhahhah haa! Hmm. He said♥♥♥♥♥Bud... The Fourth Wall Breaking Jokes are hilarious!Deadpool: ""Any chance I could get tail?""Woman: ""We don't like men...""Deadpool: ""That's okay. I don't like them either. We've got something in common!""The Genosha Levels have so far been the best parts of the game. Either them or the ones involving death.Some of these reviews here say that the combat is repetitive. I agree but I find it entertaining nonetheless.If you're a Deadpool fan, this is a must buy. For others there will probably be better choices.+Psylocke+Rogue+Domino+Vertigo+Arclight+The Poolside Girls"
76561198072204934,Recommended,224060,8326395,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,jcozad98541,Great game for the price. It had me laughing within the first 10 minutes of gameplay.
76561198068180362,Recommended,224060,8167813,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,LoOOoLq8,the gameplay is poor but the story is awsome ! and funny i hope you like it i give this game 7.10
76561197978164486,Recommended,224060,781166,"Posted: 10 July, 2013",all,FerretWolf,"Absolutly loved this game, basic sorta run round kill every thing game, but with the humour added i think it makes it a wonderfull to play game.There is no multiplayer, but i'm glad as have needed a good single playa game for a while thats mindless killing :)"
,Recommended,224060,5560837,"Posted: 24 July, 2013",all,PBnJ,All in all a good game but dont waste 40 bucks its the buggiest POS u will ever see.Half the community cant get into the game (including me) for multiple dumass errors and when u contact activison they give u ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t i was able to play this game for 3 hours before it crahses everytime i try to get in. I have spent 10 hours calling activision. dont buy this game save your money and ur time
,Recommended,224060,5180990,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,Bobbikus,"This game is Stupid, Awkward, breaks the 4th wall, difficult at first and stupid to listen to. This is a vugar hero with an ego as big as his, erm, his gun. He taunts, both you and the AI, hes got a bad sense of humor and Ryan Reynolds was NOT a good idea for dead pool. Sounds bad right, well its freakin' awesome! All this adds up to a ridonkulously awesome game thats full of literally toilet humor and fast brutal acton! Controller is better than keyboard/mouse for this. PMSL funny!"
,Recommended,224060,7971043,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Knu,"This game is AWESOME! the campaign is quit short (less than 7 hours) but it's incredibly funny. I laughed all troughout the campaign, and the gameplay is fun as well. To be honest, this game is WAY better than any DMC or batman (games that i usually see it compared to and that i don't like. This game is FUN!), and if you don't agree, you can suck it, wolverine."
,Recommended,224060,8004720,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Yub Yub,"What can I say, I laughed... lots.Not an amazing game but funny and even when the combat started to get grindy it stayed fun and if nothinh else you got an interesting interpretation on characters from the X-men universe.Don't pay full price, $10 tops! But if you want some chuckles while killing a few hours it's certainly worth a look."
,Recommended,224060,7973486,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,TFX | Neo,"I'm not really a person who laughs very easily, but this game has had me in hysterics. Twice. Which, given the metascore, I was not expecting.Even so, it's not without its faults. There are a few bugs, annoying autosave points and of course some pesky jumping puzzles. But the writing, voice acting and characters are superb and in my opinion more than compensate for all of this game's flaws. The combat is pretty fun too! That said, this is not a £30 game, it only took me about 5 hours to complete. But If you happen find it at more than 50% off and especially if you are a fan of Deadpool, I would highly recommend that you buy this game."
76561198074760861,Recommended,224060,8426850,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,ACMatheus,"Jogomuito divertido, eu recomendo"
76561198047845473,Recommended,224060,8388630,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Cpt. Cock,you need this game
,Recommended,224060,5572914,"Posted: 30 June, 2013",all,vicentevaltieri,"This game IS EVERYTHIGN you'd expect a game about Deadpool to be. Jokes, blood,killing,boobs, white and yellow boxes. EVERYTHING! Totally worth spend money ... though, probably, only for those who read comic books about Wade and X men. Because it is always better to know some Lore before play this game based on something."
,Recommended,224060,8418703,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,DeathAgain,I haven't laughed so hard playing a game in a very long time!
,Recommended,224060,7458883,"Posted: 23 October, 2013",all,Wolfie,THis Game is awesome
,Recommended,224060,685190,"Posted: 28 July, 2013",all,Malloc,"This is an interesting one.Back when I saw this game at Comic-Con in 2012, I pegged it as a low-rent disaster waiting to happen. The advertising reeked of “trying too hard”, the trailer was obviously hiding the fact that not a lot was actually going on in the game, and the whole thing just stank of cheap cash in on an internet fad.Eventually, the game came out, and I bought it despite myself. I'd heard the company who made it got laid-off en masse once the game shipped, which is always ♥♥♥♥ed up. I was almost curious based on that alone to see if it was warranted. Did ♥♥♥♥♥♥ devs turn out a crap game that the publisher was stuck with, or did the publisher put unreasonable demands on top of a low budget and a quick schedule? I was curious.If you're going into this game expecting crap, the first stage doesn't dissapoint. It's a sewer level. An uninspired one at that. Having Deadpool point out how lame this isn't doesn't make it any less lame. On top of that, the controls are jerky, the combat is a poor man's Arkham Asylum, and the difficulty spikes wildly depending on how close you can get Deadpool to his enemies. Common thugs who use melee attacks will get sliced to ribbons no problem even on the hardest difficulty thanks to a really forgiving combo/interrupt system. Enemies with guns on the other hand can cut Deadpool down long before he gets anywhere near them. The ability to teleport short distances helps, but not when there's multiple enemies, and not when they can drop you in less that a second. Ranged combat quickly becomes all about plinking the enemies to death from a distance, or exploiting the poor AI into getting stuck behind cover long enough to give you a chance to close the gap. It's alternately infuriating and boring, and it's clear there just wasn't a lot of tuning time spent.So I burned through the first stage, figuring I'd be eating the cost of this game as a failed gamble on a crap product. Not the first time it's happened, so oh well. I kept playing anyway because if nothing else, it was at least occasionally funny.Then something weird happened.About a third of the way into the game, the X-Men show up. Suddenly, the budget seems to kick in. Levels begin to look a lot more varied, and move from Boxes and Corridors™ into actual vertically-oriented explorable places. Enemy encounters become less about patience and more about thinking on your feet (and get much, much trickier).Even the tone of the game changes. Initially, it seems like they're trying to MAX this game up. Deadpool drops liberal uses of the word “♥♥♥♥”, which is weirdly out of character for him, and he comes across as having basically two Nukem-esque mood settings: Horny, and Angry. It's tiring, even if you like Deadpool's comic version. Then, Angry gives way to indignant, then flippant, then actually seemingly enjoying himself. the Horny never really goes away, or gets particularly funny, but one out of two ain't bad, considering.Cable showing up is the real marker that the game has turned a corner. His intro video is hilarious, his banter with Wade marks some of the funniest moments in the game, and the plot (as it were) actually begins to congeal into something with payoff at that point. From then on, the more you play the better the game gets.It never really gets good, but it does get worth playing. If you hate the character, there's nothing here for you, but if you like him and want to see a good example of developers opting to give a damn when something was already a lost cause, it makes for a really interesting study along those lines. Just treat like an old-school arcade beat 'em up and try not to spoil it with YouTube video footage to ruin all the funny bits for yourself and the game actually winds up being worth the trip.tl;dr Get it on sale for $10-15 and burn through it in a day (whole game takes about 12 hours); worth it unless you really dislike the character."
,Recommended,224060,17114070,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Madrox,"The game is rather short and the gameplay a bit to simple and repetitive... but come on the story is insane !Hilarious and mentally ill level crazy, a must have for the common Deadpool fan."
,Recommended,224060,7761731,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Rj Prime,"Very comical, action packed, and has everyones favorite ""Merc with a mouth"" Deadpool. I enjoyed this game mostly because it's Deadpool's game. But honestly I feel that the game lacks in many things, having task that become boring. I feel that this game would been able to deliver so much more, but it feels mediocre. I recomend it if you are a real fan of Deadpool. Also, I got dizzy while playing this game, I believe it's due to the camera's mechanic."
,Recommended,224060,8410138,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,MastaTGT,"If you like deadpool this game is perfect for you <3! its just ridiculously funny to play a deadpool game. If you're a serious gamer, this game might not be for you. The actual mechanics take a bit of getting use to if your using a mouse and keyboard I think I would suggest using a controller to play this game."
76561198022346504,Recommended,224060,8384884,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Blu Nipz,"Hilariously awesome! My kind of humour..;)The teleportation between moves was great and upgrading weapons and abilities is always a bonus.I also liked killing the big dudes and stealing their big guns KABOOM!!!!!Only bad thing was that the story wasn't long enough, I finished the game in about 12 hours. lol"
,Recommended,224060,2955338,"Posted: 24 July, 2013",all,mvpede[k],So much fun! Worth it!
,Recommended,224060,21411035,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,不是假发_是真发,"Gotta admit, most elements in this game are quite amazing.Creative, funny, characteristic. really made me laugh out loud.boss fights are a bit eh tho.Graphics are good and smooth for a game made almost 3 years ago."
,Recommended,224060,8250372,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Dr. Feelgood,"A genuinely hilarious, 3rd person, comic-book romp.It brings nothing new to the genre, but an entertaining game nonetheless.Also, loooots of♥♥♥♥♥♥jokes."
76561198083222223,Recommended,224060,17585863,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,tegrof,"This game was pretty fun and funny.  Had a lot of laughs.  Seemed to have a lot of options for how to fight and tools to use, but I barely seemed to get to use any of them before the game was over.Price should be a little lower for how quickly this game ends.Pro: Funny.Con: Short as heck."
76561198018607880,Recommended,224060,17166445,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,dheff,"this game is hilarious. i was cracking up at many parts of the story. gameplay is not bad either. totally what i would want out of a deadpool game. if you are a fan of the comics, this is a must buy immediately. if you've never read them, put it on your wishlist and pick it up on a sale."
76561198011315302,Recommended,224060,2701336,"Posted: 3 July, 2013",all,Stank God,"I think this game is actually pretty good, if relatively short. I wouldn't say it is worth 40 bucks though. So if you are interested in playing it, id wait till it is 20-25$. 7/10."
76561198036168985,Recommended,224060,4377092,"Posted: 23 July, 2013",all,Carbonox,"Do you enjoy killing dip♥♥♥♥♥ with hammers? How about breaking the fourth wall? Guns? Then you're gonna love this game! Even if you're not a fan of Deadpool, you'll enjoy this game."
76561198107074307,Recommended,224060,7289857,"Posted: 14 September, 2013",all,Video Games,really fun game it is hilarious lots of cutscenes there are challenges and campaign levels
,Recommended,224060,8433185,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,kaleb.thurman,"After a long day, this was a great game to unwind with, mostly for the humor (yes, it's DP so ""adult"" humor).  As other reviews have stated, the one liners are limited during game play, but the cut scenes were good for a chuckle, DP fan or not.  Even the achievements were humorous enough to pay attention to.There are graphical/collision errors; falling into eternity, floating randomly, and screen becoming cluttered when too much damage is taken.  Take it or what it is though.If you use a keyboard, plan on reassigning the controls as they are a challenge by default.Yes, you need to play it."
,Recommended,224060,5542373,"Posted: 5 July, 2013",all,SpeedComics,If i don't recomend it Deadpool will kill me...If i don't recomend it Deadpool will kill me...If i don't recomend it Deadpool will kill me...
76561197971478514,Recommended,224060,520434,"Posted: 29 June, 2013",all,Morrik,"The game was OK.  I had fun playing the campaign, but unfortunately it's extremely short and you will rarely see any new enemies aside from the occassional boss fight.  Even then it's not much of an issue to kill anything once you know ""gun fu"" with all your projectile weapons.  I'd pass on this game and only buy it once it goes on Steam sale.  Trust me, you won't be missing anything to try and beat this game now.  Save your money."
,Recommended,224060,582005,"Posted: 28 June, 2013",all,Nit Pick,"if you like tacos, chimichangas, boobs, fourth wall humor, gore and just pure awesome.  Theres better games that have half or a third of the things I mentioned.  However High Moon Studios does all six and does a better than average and a slightly less than fantastic game.  I haven't read any Deadpool comics but I understand the appeal.  There's buggy camera controls so you would have to do most of the work using the mouse.  The only major character redesign was Death, Deadpools love interest.  Probably because it would have been a pain to animate a skull head woman.  Possibly they thought the Día de Muertos design looked better?Anyway if you live and breathe Deadpool, this is a must have.  Also fans of tacos, boobs or wanted a Batman Arkham Asylum type of game with Deadpool.  Buy it."
,Recommended,224060,588576,"Posted: 26 June, 2013",all,[Gamez0rse]NOtricious,"man this game is awesome. Don't you guys agree with me ?Yeah i do.Me too manO and don;t forget about me good sir i had a swell time.this game has everything. Guns, c4, hammers, grenades and a lot of explosionsO O O DON;T FORGET ABOUT THE BABES AND THE BOOBSsorry almost forgot that thanks for remembering me voice in my head what would i do without you.anyway just get the god damn game and play you will love it just like us"
76561198057766514,Recommended,224060,8457659,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Limezzzz,"What a great game, the combat system works well and the diaglogue is just amazing, had me laughing the whole way through. Woul definetly recommend this to anyone."
,Recommended,224060,8461518,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,WJZ,"Funny, insane, crazy with lots of xxxx and xxxxxxxx and xxxxxxxxxxx and xxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxxx. Highly recommend for people who need crude sense of humour~ upZ"
76561198061772185,Recommended,224060,8462603,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,BallisticKiwi,really funny and cool
,Recommended,224060,8435733,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Blitz,"i really recommend this game it is fun but a bit too shor i want more chapters and missions in it i played it and completed it in about 2 days i really enjoyed it but i wish it was longer and i hope there will be deadpool 2 soon with longer more guns and a bit easyer to get DP points and alot more maps , chapters it would really good i recommend to install ALL DLC if you enjoyed the game still wish you could have more stuff there but a good game"
,Recommended,224060,8441600,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Rask Vann,Short game and controls aren't that great but a very accurate representation of who Deadpool is. Play if you like hack and slashers and enjoy the idea of Deadpool as a character.  Otherwise avoid.
,Recommended,224060,17090222,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,His Dudeness,"Deadpool, Bang, Babes, Mayhem!!!!!That's what Deadpool keep saying in the launch trailer, and you know what? High Moon Studios didn't lie at all, because there is a lot of Deadpool, a lot of bangs, a lot of babes(if you like dead babes they are there as well) and god damnit it's full of mayhem!!!It is a great game, probably one of the best games I've ever played. The combat is good and innovative, because it's really nice idea to crossbreed TPS(third person shooter) and hack n slash mechanics, of course it's not hardcore TPS, because Deadpool can simply lock on targets, but it plays great. On easy difficulty all you need is just randomly hit X and Y, but on ultra-violence diff. this trick won't work, you need to combine steel-arms with long-range weapons, use ""guntacks"" and ""momentum"" moves which are very funny and has perfect animation as well as Deadpool, also nice thing is in an upgrade system, for example at the beginning of the game your shotgun has 4 shells in cage and it feels like normal shotgun, but when you fully upgrade it your shotgun will become some sort of machine-gun with 20 shells in one cage, and believe me the game will not become easier even if you buy all the upgrades.One of the worst thing in game is the AI, it's really, really dumb, and sometimes the game feels like challenge mode, because enemies are keep coming over and over again, and you dying over and over which make you angry, btw the game is really hard, maybe it's a bit unbalanced, but I did enjoyed it a lot and even beat all the challenge maps. And the last disappointing thing is the lack of collectibles, but it could be compensate if you an achievement hunter(unlike me), but keep in mind that it's very hard to get them all.And the last thing, it's Deadpool after all, which means there is tons of humor and fourth wall breaking.7.5 chimichangas out of 10Sayonara ♥♥♥♥♥♥es!!!"
,Recommended,224060,17171409,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Sacra Nth,"IT'S BACK AND BETTER (Also more expensive) THAN EVER BABYContext: The game was off the store for a long time (taken down circa december 2013) after Marvel's licence with Activision expired, and it recently got put back on the store.Alright, we're done here."
76561198048908940,Recommended,224060,17438944,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Rile Slapcheek,This game is sweet as purely because its my favourite comic book anti-hero as the main star.The game takes place around(just after) the end of the 2012 series so expect alot of in jokes about the comic books.Oh and the final gauntlet can go ♥♥♥♥ing suck my♥♥♥♥♥♥covered ♥♥♥♥ christ ballsack ♥♥♥♥ puppet cockflap♥♥♥♥♥♥nugget ♥♥♥♥er ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥!!But yeah great game deadpool buddy!
,Recommended,224060,17575216,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,scottyb990,"A very fun game! No it's not perfect but Nolan North does the voice work for Deadpool, the humor is spot on, and it's just fun.It's a ridiculous hack and slash game with really good humor. The platforming aspect is probably the roughest part of this game as I found myself missing jumps that should have been easy but the hack,slash, and shoot is very well done.Very violent, very funny."
,Recommended,224060,17195255,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Komrade Klutch,"It's f*cking Deadpool. You, Deadpool and I all know why you're here, so just buy it already."
,Recommended,224060,17241956,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Mr.McCoy,Bought this game when it first came out thought it looked cool. Overall this is a pretty fun game and it's got it's funny parts cause we all know how deadpool is haha.
76561198082709122,Recommended,224060,17426795,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,waynechan55,You will not feel bored while playing this game
,Recommended,224060,17421649,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Simo-chan,funniest humor in a game!
,Recommended,224060,17409416,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Uncle Soft Spear,"Took me about 6 hours to beat this game. I got pumped for the movie with the release of the trailer for the new Deadpool movie, so I decided to play this game for the first time. Works well with 5760x1080 (required me to patch it using Flawless Wide screen.) But sadly this game does have some down sides. The villains are, as Deadpool himself says at one point D-list, and his fear of clowns is never really explored. The setting is cool, the story is hilarious and the dialogue is witty and downright funny sometimes. Gameplay wise.... It's a basic beat 'em up with some guns and ""coins"" sprinkled through the world, nothing earth shattering but fun enough to stay fresh through the whole play through.I'd recommend it to a friend who's into comics and looking for maybe 2 days worth of fun from a game. No collectibles, no amazing easter eggs or unlockable costumes make this game a play it once and uninstall it from your computer game IMO.7/10"
,Recommended,224060,17183521,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Clarence,"Safe to say that it's one of the best games I've played in my life. I'm usually not that into single player games but this game is just sick :) You're being made fun of by deadpool while playing it, he jokingly insults you, it's great fun :D"
,Recommended,224060,17183937,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Dragoon Slayer,Get off your♥♥♥♥♥and buy it
76561198094731742,Recommended,224060,17477757,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Someday Came Suddenly,"Need sequel now. Think about it, an open world game were you play as deadpool ♥♥♥♥ with the cops do random♥♥♥♥♥♥kill everything that moves, take bounties, work for both good and bad sides, instant gta 5 killer. But as of now this game... $40 is a little much but I'd say $30 max but hey the game isn't bad, it's very good. Better than people say or make it out to be. Also don't believe the lies combat is very addicting and fun.8/10 is a must play."
,Recommended,224060,17494352,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Juopporapu,"This game is good, not worth 30€ tho. More like 19.99€ :P. Comedy in this game is bit different, I mean I usually don't laugh while playing games but this....it had something that made me laugh :D. If you are looking good hack 'n' slash game with humor on it....this is your game."
76561197960397076,Recommended,224060,17553499,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Marvelous,"In my opinion this is a great game, but butt, there is a but! The gameplay isn't something new but the manuscript, videosequences and minigames within' is very original and fun. If you like 3rd person FPS and the Deadpool character or just the Marvel universe - this game is definetly something for you!Butts! One BIG downside though - like way south imo... For some reason you can't play this game with a controller even though the description says it does. It simple doesn't work and I've searched the internet and found that everybody has that issue. Works great with mouse and keyboard - but I truly feel like this game should be played with a controller."
,Recommended,224060,19377089,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Scout,"I'm not gonna write a long review for this one.I like this game. The gameplay is Hack & Slash, gets very old and stale after a while but the writing and dialog more than makes up for it because it's absolutely ♥♥♥♥ing hilarious. If you like Deadpool or looking for a comedic adventure, it's worth getting on sale, maybe $20 or so."
,Recommended,224060,19472043,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Batter,"Very enjoyable game!Funny cutscenes and dialogue which stays true to the character. Deadpool is voiced by Nolan North and he did an excellent job.A few problems with the game is that it's repetitive, with its kind of boring combat which doesn't have much variety. The player is only allowed to choose 3 weapons out of each category (melee,gun,gadget) The graphics while not bad aren't that good. The ending also seemed rushed to me.Get this if you're a deadpool fan or someone who wants to play something that makes you laugh!"
,Recommended,224060,17248509,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Gerre,"If you like Deadpool's humour, you'll enjoy this game, but it doesn't have much else going for it. The gameplay, while not terrible, isn't particularly innovative. Controller recommended."
,Recommended,224060,22479506,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Froberg ٩(●̮̮̃•̃)۶,"Excellent game, but not long enough to warrant the full price. I got it at 14,95 which is fair.I had a big dumb grin on my face throughout, which I suspect is the intention. Deadpool at times feels overpowered, other times it's easy to get stuck on the mechanics and die quickly. Regardless, the combo system is forgiving, so it doesn't matter that it's not as fluid as the Arkham series is, for example.If you appreciate the character - I guarantee you'll get some serious laughs out of it.10/10 would look at Rogue's boobs again."
76561198042030197,Recommended,224060,17461341,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,PaddiAvalon,"Really nice game! Really fun, Great comments, amusing scenes, great voice-actors and nice graphic.It's great in entertainment and is through and through fun. (Yay! *clapping hands of joy*)BUT! dom dom dooom!If you are that kind of person (like myself) who likes a challenging game,  a long(er) story, and a nice key layout, then this game is *not* for you! This game is not challenging at all, it does not provide a story-line which tells you anything about anything (though it does have these short little comic clips that tells a bit about certain characters), and the game is more or less over before you know it. It all in all seems more like a cut-out chapter of a full game than an actual full game. You can probably finish this game in about 2-3 hours (or maybe less) the first time you play through. -- Which, in my opinion, is pretty bad, especially because the game is so fun and entertaining. The game has only a few short chapters and it seems like there could've been so much more. As for the keyboard layout -- it's just about as silly and senseless as the character you control. Using mouse as most games, and the w,a,s,d for movement is fine, but then there's the other buttons that just seems like the developers dropped a handful of random letters and said ""those shall be the keys of which thou shall press to do stupid things!"" Of couse you can change the keys in the settings but you are limited to the in-game existing keys, which means that you can only switch out what some of the keys do. *sigh* ""purdy damn annoying"".SO big question is: Should you play this game?YES! cause its fun and if you're strange, then you won't feel strange compared to your characterThe second BIG question: Is it worth the money?... nyeah -- I'd say nope to that. If this game cost about 14$/13€, sure it would be worth it.So unless you have more money than you care for, wait till it gets on sale.So the conclusion is?If you like silly fun stuff and like to chop people to pieces and say senseless things while doing so, then YES! You should definitely get this game! -- But wait till it gets cheaper or comes on sale or you might be disappointed.But when it does, be sure to get it and have fun! :DI'd like to give this game a thumbs up cause of the ""fun factor"" but also a thumbs down due to the lack of story and playtime. But meh, I'll give it an upper!"
76561198197971134,Recommended,224060,21241535,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,CONNER2444,SO FUNNY CANT STOP PLAYING 10000000000/10
,Recommended,224060,22479384,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Ocelot,Terrible gameAwesome jokesJust watch it on YouTube
76561197999441198,Recommended,224060,24340344,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Raneru,Decent Beat 'em up. Recommended if you like Deadpool and that sort of humor.
,Recommended,224060,6060928,"Posted: 12 July, 2013",all,⎛⎝Ptoman5 Productions⎠⎞,I've never been a big superhero fan but Deadpool made me rethink all of that! This game is so hilarious and can make anyone laugh! It's full of action and fun. Any game where Nolan North voices is always good! 10/10
,Recommended,224060,3672521,"Posted: 26 June, 2013",all,mirta000,"This game is absolutely awesome! If you love funny beat-em-ups, you'll love this one too."
,Recommended,224060,7346315,"Posted: 9 October, 2013",all,clawz161,Amazing filled with the wit and clever sayings known to deadpool and an unknown number of references
,Recommended,224060,21220279,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,scottysunday,"Works fine with either keyboard and mouse, or gamepad. Story is great, true to the character. Actual gameplay, while fun, is kinda stale. This isn't devil may cry, it's a budget character action game. Stay for the story, find a combo you can cheeze the game with and burn through it in a day. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,224060,21241761,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Cat iz 4 Fite,"I will be the first to admit that I was not that familiar with Deadpool. But having played this game and seeing the movie I have grown to like the Merc with the Mouth. I bought the game to prime myself for the movie and I wasn't disappointed.The game is a action game that offers sword and gunplay. The execution works for the most part. Though your teleport is mapped to the same button as another one of your moves which can lead to an occaassional bit of frustration. The levels and enemy variety themselves don't really stand out. Enemy types are repeated frequently. This might have been more repetitive if not for the clever writing and excellent voice talent. Nolan North plays Deadpool in what is one of the best depictions of a comic book hero to date. The game pokes fun at other Marvel properties as well as games themselves.Over the course of the game you earn Deadpool points or (DP) which can be spent to unlock upgrades and new weapons. ""Its progression..its important in video games."" Most of these weapons unfortunately don't feel that different enough. I played through most of the game by upgrading just the default pistols and katanas.The game itself is short and I completed it in about 7 hours over the opening weekend of the Deadpool movie. If you are a fan of Deadpool you will likely find the humor enough to have an enjoyable experience. If you aren't a deadpool fan or even if you are I recommend waiting for a steam sale. I picked it up for half off and felt that the game delivered a fun if brief experience for $20."
76561197960281570,Recommended,224060,21580459,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Combat Gorge,"Deadpool, good character a bit of a disappointing game. Specifically I think Highmoon did a decent job capturing the character of Deadpool in the game and there are some hilarious bits of dialogue throughout the game.  The story in the game is actually pretty interesting and you do end up running into some older comic book lore which I found pretty interesting and made for good settings. Now, the reason I say the game is disappointing is because the combat for me got so repetitive that I could not actually finish Deadpool, now that probably isn’t the case for most people but for myself I got bored really quickly.The combat does have some nice stuff like character upgrades, a variety of weapons to unlock, combo chaining for a higher score, and even some “stealth” game play. But from experience, the unlockable melee weapons are really just the three choices of slow, medium speed, and fast which do the corresponding high, medium, and light on the damage. You can also unlock and upgrade guns which I didn’t find myself using often until later in the game when I just tried to shoot my way through a level to get it over as quickly as possible (lazy?).So my verdict is, if you really like Deadpool, go ahead and buy it, however I would wait until the game goes on sale to purchase because while not a bad game, it wasn’t a great game."
76561198004811809,Recommended,224060,25792802,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,SyntaxError2600,It's fu#$ing Deadpool!Loved it..
,Recommended,224060,8376721,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,RaQin,Hilarrrrriously fun. Highly recommend this for a mindless afternoon shoot'em-up...If you don't have a controller you are missing out with this game.
,Recommended,224060,18555,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,Wolfret D. Caigan,"A lot of friends have asked me for a recommendation on this game, so I'll lay it out.THE BADLANDSThe enemies are mediocre, dime a dozen, and have VERY little variety.With the average gameplay and the lack of enemy variety, the gameplay gets stale very fast.Except for a few areas, the level design is somewhat boring.The difficulty can jump from stupidly easy to jesu cristi hard, especially on the hardest difficulty. This jump especially happens when you fight some bosses, then later fight MULTIPEL COPIES of the same boss at once.THE MIDDLE GROUNDThe game itself is supremely average. Its a Devil May Cry action game with heavier emphasis on gunplay. You defeat enemies with combos, dodge attacks with rolls and your teleport ability, build up combo meters and unleash special gunkata moves. The flow isn't supremely smooth, but passable.You get cameos from various other characters in the universe, which is cool, but most of them are either a) low tier crappy characters OR b) last about 10 minutes (like Wolverine)THE HEAVENSDeadpool. Deadpool. Deadpool. He makes this game from a mediocre 5/10 supremely average action game to something quite fun and memorable to me. If you like Daniel Way's version of Deadpool, as this draws heavily from the 'randomly insane nutball' Deadpool more than the 'methodically insane guy hiding a broken man' Deadpool (for the record : I love both), then you'll love this version of Deadpool's character. His humor and insanity is spot on, his arguements with his own inner voices hilarious. HIs banter as he fights, which I was worried was going to get stale fast, is fairly numerous and changes as the game goes on.The unlock system rewards what limited exploring you can do in the levels, but most of your points will be from racking up high combos without getting hit, using your teleport to move from enemy to enemy smoothly. You can unlock new guns, melee weapons, and upgrade them and your own skills in various ways.FINAL VERDICTDeadpool is the saving grace in this ho hum game. While the gameplay itself isn't bad, it also isn't that good. If you are a huge Deadpool fan, get this. If  you are only a so so Deadpool fan, I suggest waiting for it to go on sale.7/10"
,Recommended,224060,34075271,Posted: 6 August,all,-DOOMER-,"I love Deadpool, and this game is good.  It is funny for sure, if you like the comics/movie you will enjoy this.  That said the game itself is just ok.  Characters 8/10, Gameplay 6/10, Story 5/10.  A good but not great game."
,Recommended,224060,33985785,Posted: 2 August,all,scroul,am ♥♥♥♥♥♥ lover
,Recommended,224060,33817022,Posted: 26 July,all,oldman22,"S*ck it, Wolverine..."
,Recommended,224060,34154332,Posted: 10 August,all,iNsaneMilesy,"If you are a deadpool fan, its a fun little action game from the old school era. Nothing special, but enjoyable."
,Recommended,224060,34250930,Posted: 15 August,all,OzzySilent420,CHIMICHANGAS!!!.
,Recommended,224060,18279392,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Mack Busk,This is a must whether you're a huge fan of Deadpool as a character or just plain crazy.
,Recommended,224060,17758802,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,ǝ ɔ ı o u,Story 5/10Gameplay 8/10Fun: 900000/10This game may not have the best story... still a must-buy for every deadpool fan!
,Recommended,224060,738669,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,Awesome✌Weegee👌,"Combine (pretty-cool) battle sequences with a witty mentally insane psychotic main character, and you get Deadpool. The perfect game for comic book lovers and thrill seekers alike."
76561198035693047,Recommended,224060,20714486,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,ToxicGent,Good game but expected more of deadpool as in production and gameplay. Takes the way too comic side on most things in the game and takes away from the gritty but funny aspect and makes it into almost a dark raving rabbits. Would still say to play for the right price.
76561197989353192,Recommended,224060,8304469,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,ActionStu,THIS GAME IS ♥♥♥♥ING SWEET
,Recommended,224060,21218712,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,LIKEUCARE,"Holy chimichangas! It's DEADPOOL!After having seen the movie lately, I was so into the Deadpool universe and this game is really worth it for the humor alone! Truly insane humor! You'll laugh your a$$ off for sure, guaranteed!As far as the gameplay goes, it is your typical hack n' slash game, similar to Devil May Cry, but flawed here and there. The controls definitively were designed for a controller in mind but at least, you can still remap the keyboard keys!RECOMMENDATION:Fun Hack N' Slash game! It has some replay value if you want to unlock all skills and weapons.I wouldn't say this game is worth +20$ though. Try to get it in a good deal! I know I did once it was in the 10$ range!RATING:7.5 / 10Gonna touch myself some more!l8s!"
,Recommended,224060,21202527,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Makoo,"This game captures the essence of Deadpool. It have the same kind of structure and story telling as the comic books.It captures the ideas and personallity of both old and new Deadpool.The game in itself is a quite standard third person hack and slash experience that mix batman and spectacle fighting in a kind of mediocre game but the point is the story and humor and what it is, a Deadpool game that uses the most of what Deadpol is and does.In some respects this is better than the movie, but this does not contain the begining history and is contained in a game that could have been better when it comes to the game mechanics.I want a sequel though."
,Recommended,224060,21350688,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,R4DFIELD,"It's really rare for me to buy a $20 title like this, but after seeing the movie which was awesome, I just had to give the game a shot and it did not dissapoint either, the humor is one of the best I've seen in games, gameplay is not hard to get into, eveything's pretty straightforward. Graphics are alright, nothing really impressive but it doesn't look bad either, performance is great. Considering this game was gone from sale once, I didn't want to wait for a lower price. Good stuff."
,Recommended,224060,21847139,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,tjtheturtleisawesome,"Deadpool is a story driven beat 'em up kind of deal with a bunch of comedic satire on the game itself which makes the game one of the greatest out there. It's ridculous, its funny, well, it's Deadpool.The story is pretty much your average cliche ""superhero beats villian and the world is now saved yay"" but the reason why this 100% cliche story still makes this game great is because of Deadpool, who of course breaks about 4 walls, maybe like 100 walls, throughout the entire game. All the jokes are all the reasons why you should buy this game. He even makes fun of the whole ordeal against the ""bad guy"" who is conveniently named Sinister. There are couple of other Marvel charactes like the Xmen who are in the game throughout the story for Marvel fans who are interested.Well the gameplay is fun and fast, you shoot some people get some coins and then go upgrade your weapons or get new ones, it's a little repetitive like all beat 'em up games but the gameplay isn't very complicated.Cut scenes are great as well as the animation. Everything is also styled like the Deadpool comic series so it gives that fun and lighthearted comic book feel. Voices are perfect and makes the game so much more enjoyable.I suppose the only negative thing I have to say is the price tag of the game. I bought it at 50% off, which makes it ""I'll cry a bit internally but I'll still buy it"" price level. Don't buy at the original price, not for a game that doesn't take that long to complete (I finished in about 9 hours) It is a great game and I recommend it, but at $39.99? mmmm maybe no.It's a well made game and anyone can play it, Deadpool fan or not. You might be like me, someone who didn't really know who Deadpool was until the movie came out, which is the reason why I bought this game, or you could be someone who has Deadpool posters all over his/her wall, either way, you will definitely like this game. :)"
,Recommended,224060,18025958,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Crabbo,This felt like a kids game but it had all the themes of something older. Playing it for the jokes is what kept me playing.
76561197966116875,Recommended,224060,18131902,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Midnight Bomber,"The gameplay mechanicsare like a less polished Batman, much like most super hero games these days.The Plot and Narrative however? Priceless.  I spent four hours laughing so hard little bits of wee were coming out and the end sequence was the piece de resistance.Forget the ""Brown Trousers"", buy this game then buy rubber pants, or better yet a cathater.  Then, sit back and enjoy the mayhem."
,Recommended,224060,18182692,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Quill_Hєяo,This is what awesome looks like!
,Recommended,224060,7909653,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Willy_Sunny,I can't play this game. I'll die laughing.Been laughing for the whole time the moment I started new game.God my jaw hurts like hell now XDDDDD
76561198115592057,Recommended,224060,20595579,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Tiainen,This game is insane and hilarious! :DIt's a third person Dunk game with lots of fun :D So If you like fast paced games this is the '♥♥♥♥♥♥' for you. :DI give this game a 11/10 :)
,Recommended,224060,21244311,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,MatticusFinch1820,I punched Wolverine in the face for 10 Minutes.10/10
,Recommended,224060,21293070,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Nyhm,Standard 3rd person action game rises above the rest due to perfect Deadpool humor. Hilarious 4th wall breakage. Laughed my♥♥♥♥♥off quite frequently.
,Recommended,224060,18186433,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,HeWhoDies,"He scratches his balls with his gun, picks his♥♥♥♥♥ has an inflatable doll and ABOVE ALL ELSE... he's Deadpool."
76561198039429777,Recommended,224060,18188618,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,powk36,"So far, this game hates my mouse, cant stop the camera from spinning around DP. obviously this game is made for controlers. Your also only able to use a 3 button mouse, all other buttons are rendered useless. I have played the game before on a friends ps4, so I know the game is funny and fun if you like DP. But on pc without a troller, your screwed."
76561198060310248,Recommended,224060,21038686,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Revan,"Soooooooo funny, if you are a fan of Deadpool you will appreciate it a lot more, even if you don't know about him you can catch on pretty fast!"
76561198203358015,Recommended,224060,21098764,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Quicces,"I must be honest-my humor is not the easiest thing in the world, but in a video game I`ve never laughed as much as in Deadpool. The humor is very dark, but that is what makes this game so funny. The gameplay is easy to understand and as a fan of Deadpool i can just recommend this game to everybody else. It`s very entertaining!"
76561198068080322,Recommended,224060,21143007,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,jda991,Deadpool is an amazing game for any fan of the merc with a mouththe game brings the witty dirty humour we'd expect and honestly thats where most of the fun in the game comes from. the actual gameplay itself is nothing to brag about but good none the less. its your standard hack-and-slash with minimal gunplay that while fun could be considered optional on the lower difficulties. besides being basic the gameplay is still well designed as you do have to manage enemies and your health will enetertain you all the way till the end of the game. the platforming mostly serves to pace out the combat and humour and it does it job wonderfully.in conclusion its a game id recommend to anyone who wants a fun game to play once through and any fan
,Recommended,224060,5212086,"Posted: 29 June, 2013",all,vulcs,"Suck it, Wolverine."
,Recommended,224060,23976102,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Recklessrider,"Satisfying all the way through. About 6-8ish hours of gameplay, honestly feels like the right, you get just the right amount of gameplay without getting bored, and the insanity/hilarity will keep you playing all the way through. Also gotta love that they put Death as a character from the comics in. 9/10"
,Recommended,224060,32529186,Posted: 18 June,all,The Hero of Gotham,A very good and funny game with cool weapons and skills
,Recommended,224060,21164790,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,theamazingal,"The game play is basic and the levels are drab but its deadpool so the fun will allow you to play through the game.  If your not expecting much youll have a a decent time here, worth picking up in a deep sale!"
,Recommended,224060,20977493,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,vac add on n1dxb avrageorc80285,i loved dead pool but it was a very short game
76561198009436170,Recommended,224060,8395456,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,TPI | ZodistA,"This is a game for fans of Deadpool comics.....if you don't enjoy the antics of the Merc With A Mouth, stay away from it or you won't enjoy it.Me??  I frickin' love Deadpool!!"
,Recommended,224060,8032063,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,BloodShed,Based on the comic book character of the same name.This game is a must for any Deadpool fan or people wanting an action game that is high on the action and high on the crazy.
76561197970078168,Recommended,224060,17297841,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,hermetico,"HIGHLY RECOMMENDED. BUY IT RIGHT NOW!Fun, Fun, Fun and more Fun.This is how I love games. Round title.Irreverent, funny, crazy, absurd, accrobatic, smasher, full of action. Very Comic-alike.The engine is Unreal and, this ensures huge scenarios and good characters.Storyline is brilliant, original, funny, full of humor and with absurd scenarios and sub-quests.Characters, voice action, scenarios, level design, dialogs, music, cut scenes... everything is plainly awesome!.Acrobacies, teletransportation, sword fighting, big guns, explosions, bosses... and lots of absurd situations.Really funny. Don't miss itCons:3rd person game, which gives some headaches with the auto-camera but, nothing that really can ruin the game experience.Forget your keyboard+mouse, you cannot freely bind any key.You must use a gamepad, which makes the targeting harder than with your mouse.GREAT ROUND GAME AND AN EJOYABLE EXPERIENCE.DON'T MISS IT!To the developers: Hell!, aren't you already preparing more deadpool issues?. Want more!"
,Recommended,224060,33991563,Posted: 3 August,all,Joseph Luker,Got to see a sex doll
,Recommended,224060,32824811,Posted: 26 June,all,Rapxtor,"It is just hilarious, this guy just have a unique persona, and the job made by voice actor just complemented the game very well, the gameplay is what to expect from shooter, if you like the character and this genre, just buy the game, if you dont, stay away or you just cant finish the game without being annoyed, there is lots of people who ""cant"" stand DP, especially his humor."
76561198030571719,Recommended,224060,24613834,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Chopper,"This game is friggin' hilarious.The voice acting (Nolan North) is spot-on (took some time to adjust to Ryan Reynolds voicing DP in the movie).The gameplay is generally good, but the storyline/sense of humour really carries this home. I've replayed it 3 or 4 times now just to re-live the awesomeness (39hrs on record my♥♥♥♥♥♥.If you like Deadpool: do yourself a favour and get this. If you're a tight♥♥♥♥♥♥ wait for a sale and get this."
76561198034909697,Recommended,224060,22349247,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Jefferson,dis game is pretty okay 10/10
76561198135775160,Recommended,224060,29370453,Posted: 19 January,all,Ruben 571,Excellent Deadpool level humor.
,Recommended,224060,3193985,"Posted: 30 July, 2013",all,Ghostface,"First of all if you don't know the 'Deadpool' you'll probably find this game like an ordinary action-hack n slah game.There is nothing special about it.However if you know who is Deadpool at least if you read some of his comics and like it, you will definitely love this game because it seems high moon really studied about Deadpool's personality,it's just perfect and really funny.The story is awesome because Deadpool doesn't care the story and he doesn't let his player to listen it,too.He thinks that it's his game and only Deadpool can be the star of this game.Therefore Deadpool,doesn't allow the script to pass his reputation."
76561197970885896,Recommended,224060,27257837,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Flexo,I bought this when it first came out in 2013 not even knowing who Deadpool was. I instantly loved this game mostly due to the main character and the dialogue.It reminded me a bit of the game SIN and SIN Emergence where the main character is a total smart♥♥♥♥♥- love it.I was thrilled to see Deadpool gain prominence and finally become an awesome movie!
,Recommended,224060,33154128,Posted: 2 July,all,Salted Wasabi,I'll just say this: i had to stop the game several times to laugh.
,Recommended,224060,33091431,Posted: 1 July,all,Assriel,"If you love Tacos, you'll love this game"
,Recommended,224060,18557986,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Epiic-Irons,get this game deadpool is a badass
76561198074727322,Recommended,224060,18749463,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Drakaul,It is full of goofy deadpoolyness nuff said
,Recommended,224060,18177496,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Lupin ♕ csgoroll.com,"you know him , you love him.Meet the egoistic ,gun maniac ,bat♥♥♥♥♥♥crazy , immortal freak Deadpool.the comedy action game that YOU are with ""creating"" , follow deadpool while he makes hes super duper awesome action game about himself that will probarly have a higher budget then fallout 4 when deadpool is done.Try all the weapons he has in store for you and meet more superheroes , like  domino , rouge and some more un-important persons that has no bouncy balls ,so it makes them irrelevant .It's not often i rate 10/10 but this is just to great not to . (does totaly not have deadpools gun at my head o_o )And this review was made by yours truely ^^"
76561198024949227,Not Recommended,224060,24008550,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,vulvaavenger,"Mediocre at best. Humor is great and all, but the gameplay is lacking and a chore. I bought this before it was originally taken down for something like $4. $40 is outlandishly overpriced. Seriously don't buy this drivel unless it's below $10."
,Recommended,224060,24372931,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,LoneWolf82,"2 minutes in and couldn't stop laughing.  The game is worth buying for the humor alone, lol."
,Recommended,224060,25342735,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,nessuriniosツ,Insanely fun and entertaining game. The game just keeps on giving and giving more fun♥♥♥♥♥♥to do and ofcourse bad guys to kil. Also a fun part of the game is the non-sense deadpool keeps shouting from time to time :)Overall I'd say the game is really good8/10- Me
,Recommended,224060,32911160,Posted: 27 June,all,Shino Puppy,"Hi! I'm a review!These words are appearing in order to advise you on whether or not to buy this game!No, not like that. Read me in a higher-pitched voice.Okay, now add a squeak and a lisp.There ya go.So basically, I'm fun to play. Why? Because I involve Deadpool. You know, that guy everyone thinks is a very crass spider-man? (To be fair, he does have a gorgeous butt.)However, I also require a fair amount of Batman: Arkam Asylum style button-smashing chain-combo gameplay.So play it. Or don't. What do I know? I'm just a first-person review."
,Recommended,224060,27033415,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,MushaConvoy,I can't remember the last time a game made me laugh out loud so often. The game is very... Deadpool. Any fan of the comic will love it. I'm glad it made its way back onto the marketplace.
,Recommended,224060,22636519,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Batsperm Supreme Speclord,"This game is hilarious, It's a bit awkward with the controls at first but you get use to it. The voice acting, the writing, the game play, it's all very excellent. LOVE IT!"
,Recommended,224060,23412117,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Skelly,"I love this game. It's about exactly what you would imagine a Deadpool game would be like. If you feel like dying a lot I recomend putting it to the highest difficulty. The highest difficulty is sort of like playing the first Darksouls but with fewer deaths and less ways to get enraged. The only bad thing about this game is that there are some spots within the game its self that will cause it to randomly crash. It's simply just a bug in the game, if you restart it and try playing it again I can guarentee that it will go past the point it had previously crashed."
,Recommended,224060,18631978,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Captain Deadpool,"It's a must have if you are a true fan of Deapool, gameplay is a typical hack n slash style game the combat is repetitvie after a while but it is made better by the Deadpool humor, no telling how long this game will be on here so if you see a price you're willing to pay then get it.10/10 Tacos"
76561198082653293,Not Recommended,224060,31895013,Posted: 21 May,all,Jake_96,ive owned this game for a long time and its disgusting to see it priced so high just cause the movie came out. pick it up on sale for like 15$ but for 40$ full price i cant recommendEdit: After some more research i found out that in 2013 the game was cheaper ie. $15ish when i purchased it  then it was removed from steam and came back at 40$ full price for the movie and has stayed at that price since.
76561198060595120,Recommended,224060,21160425,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,KingTurtle,Funny but definetly worth it
,Recommended,224060,25978755,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,💗Vaxi is back~!💗,".....You know what? Just listen to this:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ihwbK_lTk0MDone? Good, that's my review, have a nice day, ♥♥♥♥♥es."
,Recommended,224060,17080808,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Cardus,I touched Cable's nips10/10 BEST GAME BEST GAME
,Recommended,224060,7739249,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,TFJ0ker,Deadpool wrote his own game! 'Nuff said if i'm honest! want to have some fun and motorboat Cable? Get this!Only frustrating thing are all the damn clones!!!
,Recommended,224060,20429002,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,DraX3D,"Gameplay quality isn't much to write home about, but the quality of Deadpool's antics and the ridiculousness of this game more than make up for it.Be prepared to laugh your♥♥♥♥♥off throughout."
,Recommended,224060,20506449,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,Blades,Deadpool threatened me into giving it 10/10.10/10
76561198050098727,Recommended,224060,5458692,"Posted: 27 June, 2013",all,Naji.2,its a very  fun game that will make you♥♥♥♥♥♥your pants for how funny it is BOOBIES
,Recommended,224060,7818365,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,ZeeMaster,Amazing Game!!!Funniest Game out there.Totally recommend to get it.
76561198000326220,Recommended,224060,17679716,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Lysamus,"In the purposes of admitting potential bias, I should mention I have a friend who was heavily involved in the production of this title.  Feel free to adjust your weight of my review accordingly.The game is funny and clever, but fleeting and woefully undercooked in some categories.Nolan North does an excellent job with delivering his material, and his performance will keep you slogging through some of the more tedious parts of this game.  The writing for this game feels sharp, and there will likely be at least one or two moments from this game that will linger in your memory.  Most of the humor in the game is on point.Gameplay wise, the game feels very similiar to other action combat titles such as God of War, Bayonetta and the like.  Enemy variety is lacking which can make the combat drag and you'll likely have a BnB combo worked out that will carry you throughout the game.  There are RPG progression elements incorporated within via a skill tree, but they don't feel like they have any substancial impact.  Parts of the game feel rushed, particularly near the end.I don't read the Deadpool comics, so my understanding of the character is limited to how the internet has portrayed him.  To that end, this Deadpool is quite in character.I've only been able to motivate myself to play through this game one time, but I'm glad I got to experience it.  For $40.00, I felt I got my money's worth in terms of both game length and how entertained I was.  Would recommend the game to anyone who enjoys clever, quirky and mature (both literal  and ""mature"") writing and VO work, and is willing to put up with some samey gameplay to experience it."
,Recommended,224060,19292484,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Powell,"I played this game ages ago and I wanted to leave a review, but it was removed from the store. I assume it's back becuase of the upcoming film so they can cash in some extra $$$All that a side, THIS GAME IS AMAZING FUNNY!The game play is your average shoot 'em up hack and slash but the cutscenes and funny jokes make it worth  well while! some of the best parts of the game are just waiting about to hear extra dialog.If you can't wait for the film this is the next best thing and you should buy this game."
,Recommended,224060,24280264,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Th€Arg0n,Good game :)
,Recommended,224060,17093193,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,aaaa,"""YEAH WELL ♥♥♥♥ YOU NOLAN""""NOT PORN""BUYTHEFUCIKINGGAME"
,Recommended,224060,21516258,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Indian Jones,"You know what? I'mDone with the critic reviews. They seem to be rating this game off of the pure ideas, which in this case, for the most part, is nitpicking. I believe this game is great. Go buy it (not at full price, maybe 20 bucks. ). A great hack and slash and 3rd person shooter."
76561198049913169,Recommended,224060,23391221,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,ohijoe42,ABSOUTLY AWESOME!!!
,Recommended,224060,23929783,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Injy,"Honestly, I wasn't expecting much when I played it, but Nolan North as Deadpool made this game enjoyable as heck. The gameplay let it down at times and it's incredibly short (having completed the game in less than 6 hours), but the comedy is top-notch and probably just slightly better than the Deadpool movie (though that may be because the game has Deadpool interact with a variety of Marvel characters)."
,Recommended,224060,23864591,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,J.S.,"Although slightly buggy at times, this a very well made game, with tons of replay value. The graphics are pretty good even if it's 3 years old. The gameplay presented is an extremely fun and diverse combination beetween 'shoot em up' and 'hack and slash'. Lastly, the voice acting is superb.Although I'm not a huge fan of superheroes, I was still able to enjoy this game because it's thankfully got a humorous and relatively simple plot that doesn't require knowing much about the main character itself to understand (and even then, when new characters are presented, you are prompted to watch a short bios on that said character). It's not the longest game in the world but the levels do feel pretty big and there's still a lot of extra playability thanks to it's challenges, extreme difficulty mode, and achievements.The one con I can give is that it's slightly unpolished at times: load stutters, bugs, sometimes unsynced subtitles, and other random hiccups. But nothing game-breaking or severely annoying.I really reccomend playing it with a controller which makes it easier to auto aim and perform momentum moves. Overall, this is a great action game with a great touch of humor, and it's definitely worth the money, specially if you get it on sale."
,Recommended,224060,18240687,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,xXOliveSuccrXx,Amazing game 8/8 would r8 m8
,Recommended,224060,18444482,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,PuuuH,this game is awesome
76561198106261245,Recommended,224060,18261862,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,DonaldTrumpOfficial,10/10 gr8 banter
76561198104178706,Recommended,224060,19692329,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,ADAN,Are you a fan of Deadpool? Get it.10/10 would save the world again.
,Recommended,224060,23682278,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,fascism,"It's a short game but it's hard, fun, funny, gory and ♥♥♥♥ING KICKASS 7/10 recommend to buy on sale not on original price because you can complete the game in 7 hours but if you have the money and don't know what game to buy with it, I recommend this game."
76561198058742922,Recommended,224060,21195230,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,00theduke00,Deadpool is a sick game that is awesome to play if you're a deadpool fan.
,Recommended,224060,21195459,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,DrUmbra,12/10Would play while getting Chimichangas again.
,Recommended,224060,7949800,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Vamistle,"They got Deadpool down right where he needs to be. More emphasis could have been put into level design, combat controls, etc. but what matters is ""Is it fun?"" and the answer: AWWWE YEAAAAA"
,Recommended,224060,3860640,"Posted: 15 September, 2013",all,ElemenOP,"Mein absolutes Lieblingsspiel! Deadpool ist einfach der beste Marvel-Charakter für mich und das Spiel setzt ihn als Hauptfigur perfekt in Szene! Genialie Sprüche, geniale Story einfach ein Spiel zum Spaß haben und totlachen!!!!"
76561197998174951,Recommended,224060,21248950,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,jetlox,So far so good hack and slash game and good humor Love Deadpool
,Recommended,224060,30065763,Posted: 20 February,all,Dark_Assassin91,"This game is hilarious, however that being said the humor might not be for everyone but even if you have only heard of deadpool, you probably have a good idea of what to expect.The gameplay for this game varies a little but for the best part its your typical hack and slash button masher.Gameplay modes include the campaign as well as a wave battle gamemode. In the latter gamemode you can unlock a infinite difficulty essentially creating survival mode. There is also a weapon upgrade and character upgrade system in which you can unlock new combo's, perks etc.One con is that the control's are terribly optimized but you can simply remap them.This game game can easily be 100% completed with all achievements in just under 20 hours but would take maybe 8 hours on the first campaign playthrough depending on difficulty.Overall I definitely recommend this game if you are a fan of anything deadpool and if you are looking for a reasonably short but comedic and fun game."
76561198030173134,Recommended,224060,3981513,"Posted: 6 July, 2013",all,copeck,More chimichangas!
,Recommended,224060,17202169,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Maklemon,"First of all, once you start playing, you wont want to stop! You have been warned!Deadpool aka Merc with a Mouth aka Wade Winston Wilson is one hell of a funny guy. Deadpool is mentally ill, crazy and totally out of his mind. You will be amazed by all the crazy stuff you'll see. This game is everything you expect from Deadpool. It's like watching a TV show. A funny one.He has DNA from Wolverine which lets him heal really fast. With that said, enjoy all the blood and freaky moments in this game.Is this game 30 EU worth? Ask yourself this:1. Do I like comedy? Yes? Get it than.2. Do I like fighting waves of enemies? Yes? Get it than.3. Do I like boobies? Yes? Get it than!4. Do I like anarchy? Yes? Get it than!This is a simple one! 5. Do I like Deadpool? ♥♥♥♥, yeah I do! Im getting this game!By the way, it was on Steam once but got removed. It's like a hot potato. Better get it or it might disappear again."
76561198145326492,Recommended,224060,17636172,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Darius,"Come on, IT'S DEADPOOL."
,Recommended,224060,7794232,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,[TLB] DeadpooL™Agent of TACOS,"How do I put this game into words..?Kickass? Fabuloso? Chimmichanga?This game has it all. Adventure, excitement, laughter, mega-feels, a love triangle, multiple personality disorder, decapitation, explosions, and enough♥♥♥♥♥♥jokes to make your mom hate it. Oh, and most of all, it has Wade Wilson - the Merc with a Mouth - Deadpool. Who is Deadpool you may ask? If you're asking, then F#@% off and go play another game.For you mooks that want a dumbed down technical review -  its a linear hack N slash with nothing new or special to offer except one thing: MOTHER-F#@%ING DEADPOOL. If you you love Wade, then you'll probably enjoy the game."
,Recommended,224060,7746334,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Sp4zzy,"It is really fun, it's really cool how the characters actually interact with the player, and you have a lot of options which you can mess around with. Too bad it's really short, the only thing that makes it longer are the challenges with waves and such, but meh.Worth buying and trying out, but shouldn't cost this much for being that short."
,Recommended,224060,26327033,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Running-Target,"Deadpool is a great sword and shooter game, sort of like the Batman games, but way funnier. Using swords, guns, explosives to kill everything in his way while hunting down DP points and tacos.  Still can get killed and fail.   Has checkpoint save system.  The gameplay is ok, graphics is ok, story is funny, great voiceovers.  Fans of Deadpool comic will love this game.Buy it, when it on sale.For more info:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dtSlEqUNf1Ehttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=0yaePaai410https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=J5UI7iTkf2Mhttp://www.metacritic.com/game/pc/deadpoolhttp://www.gamespot.com/reviews/deadpool-review/1900-6410731/http://www.gamesradar.com/deadpool-the-game-review/"
,Recommended,224060,19188759,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,TANA PRESENTS: COMBATICUS,best game in the world
,Recommended,224060,20112627,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,MarkiPoli,Only 2 words to describe this game (The man himself would appreciate I'm sure)♥♥♥♥ing Awesome
,Recommended,224060,21014365,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Alexandra_Delarge,"This game is great! The innuendoes , jokes , breaking of the fourth wall , it is a great game! I would totally recommend you play it!"
,Recommended,224060,20151928,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,castoperator,100% FUN
,Recommended,224060,17095513,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,nblackburn,Deadpool at his finest.
76561198044339289,Not Recommended,224060,24063516,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Davidc145,"I was a fan of Deadpool, I thought this game would be a ton of fun to play, unfortunately I was mistaken. The gameplay is alright, not much variety and it gets kinda stale pretty quickly. The jokes were really funny at first, but then it ended up just being the same or similar jokes over and over."
,Recommended,224060,21174116,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Trevor,I would absolutely reccomend this game to anyone who has appreciation for action games and deadpool this game combines enjoyable gameplay with a ♥♥♥♥ ton of funny deadpool moments i know it says i only have 24.7 hrs  of gameplay but I actually used to own this game on ps3 before i lost it and then i got it again because it was so ♥♥♥♥ing awesome no to mention has some good replay value as far as the difficulties go
,Recommended,224060,31580483,Posted: 6 May,all,sundistorsion,Awwwwwww♥♥♥♥♥♥ he's throwing the tubbies at me again! I love the tubbies!
76561198090567871,Recommended,224060,8005669,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Icewave,"A solid hack' n slash, with a bit of platforming thrown in. A hillarious story with lots of funny moments and even a few throwbacks to older games. Definitely a fun little game to get."
,Recommended,224060,18209649,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Domaik,It's dead pool...what else is there to say?
,Recommended,224060,18176943,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Moof,it gud it dope
76561198208013635,Recommended,224060,23472517,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,GreenLock,YES YES YES
,Recommended,224060,23449168,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,Atoran,"I absolutely love this game. It's definitely worth the buy- but get it on console. The further I progressed in the game the more often it would crash. I have a gr8 computer and I'll be in the middle of a fight with trash mobs *Deadpool has stoppoed working*. It reboots itself immediately and I wouldn't be so♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off about it if it weren't for how long the launch screen is. It takes like 1 minute... and ya can't skip it. Dispite of all I've said, funny game, great story, and beautiful gameplay."
,Recommended,224060,21221770,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Z-Games,Good game. Is it worth 20 bucks? No
76561198019796122,Recommended,224060,21098058,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Len,Is writing this review part of the script?
76561198076052458,Recommended,224060,21198615,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,aaron18013,"If you like a game about a protagonist who looks like a testicle with teeth and wears red so bad guys don't see him bleed, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,224060,20197576,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Johnneh,
,Recommended,224060,21488848,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,Spooky Shmoogy™,its ♥♥♥♥in deadpool what else do i gotta say?
,Recommended,224060,27221365,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,[DSC] Polar tUD,Do you love Deadpool as the comic book charater cause that is exactally how this gmae plays and feels :P
76561197971001967,Not Recommended,224060,29552974,Posted: 28 January,all,nizzemancer,"Bought the game because it's deadpool and it was on sale, expected some humor but it's pretty boring and predictable, gameplay is as ♥♥♥♥♥♥ as you expect, the only reason I'd recommend it is if you're a major deadpool fanboy and it's on a major sale price, controls are pretty ♥♥♥♥♥♥ as well and you can forget about trying to aim deadpool to hit the right enemy in a fight it's far from fluid."
,Not Recommended,224060,32811996,Posted: 26 June,all,Rumpleteazer,"Cant recommend this game even though I'm a big fan of anything superhero-related. This is a really short game, only took me 5 hours to complete and I didnt feel like I rushed anything. I thought it was gonna be funny but I barely chuckled a few times throughout the whole game."
,Recommended,224060,19855228,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Jamie,"Brilliant game, lots of fun and you get to shoot lots of♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,224060,27763102,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Stealthy,"Don't look at the time I played this masterpiece of game. I also bought it for the Playstation and played it there a lot before the movie came out. Then I bought the movie, watched it and decided: I'll marry Deadpool! xDDeadpool, no matter if it's the game or the movie, is simply awesome. There is actually nothing in the game what is not funny. Every second you could fall over something even more funny than the previous thing. :PIf this game would have a multiplayer part.....oh my god! ♥_♥But nobody is perfect. ^^"
76561198089924230,Recommended,224060,7169322,"Posted: 30 August, 2013",all,The Master Brewer,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ая игра советую всем!
,Recommended,224060,21324504,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,spiceninja,"The level design is dull and the combat is almost duller but High Moon stays true to the character and delivers a hilarious game that you can finish in about 6 hours. If you like the Deadpool character and great writing helps you slog through mediocre gameplay then you should buy this, but only when it's on sale."
,Recommended,224060,21849318,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,ACJE,Amazing game
76561198016880157,Recommended,224060,22166076,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Riik,"A fun if not short action shootery game thing, based around one of the best Marvel characters ever created. Good for passing the time or if you need some interactive comedy in your life, but in terms of gameplay.... meeeh... kinda mediocre... predictable. Doesn't really invite anything new into the genre. But that's ok, because this game doesn't need to be cutting edge or stand-out in that department. This is a game about Deadpool, which means it's a game about goofing about whilst also being badass at the same time.Honestly, the jokes and fun factor rule the day with this game. And whilst some of the incidental lines get old pretty quick, the campaign dialogue is pure Deadpool goodness. There are moments that made me cringe or look away or just feel a bit blegh, but then I'm not really hugely into sexual and toilet humour. But most people are fine with that, so I say don't worry about it. If I enjoyed it despite that content, you'll probably enjoy it too.Honestly, my biggest gripe was that the game felt a bit short, but meh. I think it might be best buying it when it's on sale really, because the full price doesn't seem to fit the amount of actual game (though what there is is pretty action-packed and busy). Beyond that, yeah. I recommend go for it."
,Recommended,224060,22215188,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Jacobojoh,Spelet i sig är rätt trist men humorn är oslagbar så tumme upp
,Recommended,224060,22229556,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,Cmdr.Blackhawk,You need this game in your life. It is a requirement by deadpool himself.
,Recommended,224060,23316766,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,supercoolhotdogman,ah! deadpool immortal epic character of awesomeness!!! so random!
76561198035779314,Recommended,224060,23345141,"Posted: 2 June, 2016",all,Bez,"If your looking for a laugh, then this is the game for you."
,Recommended,224060,23293443,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,MR POPO,"If you enjoy Deadpool as a character then you'll love this game, now here's a list of the pros and cons of this game:Pro's:Story is simple, yet entertainingIt's full of multiple funny moments and jokesIt ran at a constant 60fpswhen i played i was unable to find any glitchesCon's:The gameplay can be a bit repetativeSome of the cutscenes look very pixelated from time-to-time£30 is too much to pay for the game, i got this game on sale when it was £15 and i thought that was a reasonable price.Overall, deadpool is a fun game and i would recommend it to anyone who enjoys deadpool"
,Recommended,224060,17141918,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Paradise Decay,"I'm not a massive fan of Deadpool as a Super Hero, but the game itself is superb.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3j3kK4qxx4o- Highly Recommended!"
76561198018239028,Recommended,224060,33104356,Posted: 1 July,all,P3L0N,a w e s o m e !!! CHIMICHANGA
,Recommended,224060,20159725,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Waffle Time!,The greatest game of all time...OF ALL TIME.Good to know they can bring games back when its on their interests.I have like 100 hours on PS3 alone and now bought it here to play at 4k.BANG!SPLAT!CHIMICHANGAS!BABES!DEADPOOL!What more can you ask for?
76561198034766941,Recommended,224060,21185334,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Kilgrave,"One of the funniest games I've ever played. If you watched the movie and liked it, you'll like this just as much. The merc with a mouth at his best!"
,Recommended,224060,21189954,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,DeadCrescendo,Bought game on salePerformed insane combos with little to no effortLaughed a lot.Mexican place across the street deliversCan't stop playing Deadpool so I order 5 ChimichangasEat Chimichangas while playing Deadpool collecting ChimichangasMeta as ♥♥♥♥Chimichanga/10
,Recommended,224060,18591756,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,croniktrust,SOO HAPPY FNALL UR BACK I WAS LIKE NOOOOOOOO 40 THROW BY THE WINDOWS SERIOULY I LOVE U DEADPOOL THIIS GAME IS SOO FOR ADULT AND NOT KIDS AND CANT WAIT 4 THE MOVIE THAT COM<MING OUT REALLY SOON TOOand steam too be honest since u guys made me suffer too have my game back stoo much u should give me that dlc for free i try everything too have it back like send u guys a lot of msg i even that i had my account lost or corrupt since i merge both account's togheter any wway for sure i am sending u a msg for that dlc 4 free i am pretty sure u guys ow me since was not able too play the game i payed 40 buck for back when it came out the first timeoo yeah even forgot too say the lost of my save file at the ned of the game :OGRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRTECH SUPPPORT I AM COMMING U BETTER GIVE IT :) IT only 4 dollar any way
,Recommended,224060,19628254,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,dimeraRaven,"If you love Deadpool or just love a game where it's funny and overall just a good time, you will enjoy this game."
76561197963902661,Not Recommended,224060,26133157,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,blackhandle,"The controls are odd (for the PC version).  Different keys for using melee vs. ranged weapons.  Some keys are too far from the WASD (haven't they heard of the number row???).  Feels too much like a console port.  The mechanics of the game are wonky sometimes.  Like, I'm getting killed by sewer grates?  I know this isn't reality, but...  this is Deadpool....  The character doesn't die.  I would have felt ripped off if I had bought this at full price.  I wouldn't recommend this game unless you're really into Deadpool and are bored.Edit to add.  Ok, now I've completed the game.  Wow, 8 hours.  This is a very basic game, no frills.  Very limited destructible environments, repetitive enemies.  Healing mechanic is the same as any other game.  Invisible walls all over the place.  Definitely NOT worth the full price."
76561198157532485,Not Recommended,224060,22217286,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,carsonw1,"I'll start off by saying that Deadpool is great in the game.  Violent, funny and perverted just as you'd expect.  However, as cool as Deadpool is it doesn't excuse how bad the gameplay is.  The loading times are laughably bad between different scenes.  The combat whle pasable is prone to very bad fps loss for seemingly no reason.  I've played newer games which are much more graphically intensive without such bad drops in fps.  The only conclusion I can draw is its badly optimised.  I've had to reload from the same checkpoint several times just to try and move the game forward when it sticks.  I really wanted to like this and if the game didn't have so many issues such as the fps loss and just sticking at certain pooints and not moving forward I'd of given it a glowing review, but as it stands now I can't."
76561197970917881,Not Recommended,224060,23573573,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,exhumed,"The humour actually could be enough on its own to recommend this game; sadly, the mechanics are often so broken and annoying there's no fun in playing. The ideas are good, and the violence is awesome, even the Arkham style battle WITH blood is on the right track. But when there's so many enemies outside of frame that can suddenly kill you and you die in two blows on the hardest setting, it just becomes annoying. There's more enemies in Devil May Cry, but that's not a problem there, so it shouldn't be a problem here. I'm guessing the game is an ok playthrough on easy setting because it let's you soak in all the fun stuff along the way, but a game has to be rewarding, and playing though on easy isn't rewarding - I could just watch a movie in stead.I really tried to like the game too, because Deadpool is such a fun character and I love the Arkham and Devil May Cry games. But in my tenth hour of gaming, I had enough: The same button (B) that let's you teleport/evade also blocks. That means that if you decide to evade, but there's a block ""active"" on an enemy, you will automatically block instead of evading. When evading is what you have to do because some superfat enemy is jumping at you, and you block in place instead, you're instakilled. And that's just one of the more annyoing mechanics. Also looting chests often does not work, and when there's a time limit on that, or an enemy close by, that's fatal.I must say this though, they could actually make a good game, if they tried to play it before they released it and removed all the anooying stuff, so even if I can't recommend this game, I will/would play the sequel if it ever comes."
,Recommended,224060,21350343,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Youtube: Press start to begin,This game have negative reviews? wowhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=yCk-aAV8msc
,Recommended,224060,23276188,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,axmD,if you loved the movie you will love the game way better than the origins of wolverine deadpool lmao
76561198088173558,Recommended,224060,24790432,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Cataclysm Rift,Get game and funny! 8/10
,Recommended,224060,22875696,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Parker_Halo,"If you kill them, they will die... What?Just. Pure. Awesomeness!"
,Recommended,224060,22969833,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,🎃Tori🎃,best....game.......EVERbtw ♥♥♥♥in' loved the movie
,Recommended,224060,22985506,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,CriminalSlang,"Deadpool is an average action game but damn is it funny! If you're looking for mindless fun, then search no further!It just came up and you won't regret it!"
,Recommended,224060,7453221,"Posted: 22 October, 2013",all,NHDFire,a very funny game :)
76561198045541811,Recommended,224060,21198130,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,TotoS,"Best♥♥♥♥♥♥ever, funny game, great mechanic and best of all, it's ♥♥♥♥ing deadpool, what else can you beg for? :D"
,Not Recommended,224060,29414900,Posted: 21 January,all,Garmonbozia Cenotaph,game is funny but controls are broken and by the end of the game you realize its just a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ i would only recommend at 75% off or more.
,Not Recommended,224060,24193487,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Gondwana,Funny. but piece of crap...
,Recommended,224060,21073155,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,narcissy,Do you know what is madness? |YES|  |NO|
76561198038453042,Recommended,224060,21213564,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,The Nexus csgobig.com,"problary the best game ive played in a long time, insanely funny! Would really recommend it!"
76561198018910266,Recommended,224060,26014742,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Spirit of Madness,"This is awesome, I have alot of fun playing this."
,Recommended,224060,29248918,Posted: 14 January,all,Sitiya,Like getting a motorboat and chimichanga combined
,Recommended,224060,22798598,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,hahahadumpling,Decent game.Dont think it worth $40.Better get it on sale.
,Recommended,224060,21335475,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,kahn the uber driver,"POSTIVESIts Deadpool!CombatHumourGraphicsStorylineSide charactersNEGATIVESShortNeeds more deadpoolNot enough ryan reynoldsOverall Deadpool is an amazing game and if you enjoy single player games and/or deadpool you will enjoy this game. This game has many similarities to the deadpool movie, as it has many 4th wall breaks and also features alot of the X-Men and other superhero side characters. There are also heaps of mini easter eggs and features throughout this game to enjoy. This is one of my favourite single player game and i will probably return to complete all of its achievements. Just as good as the movie and i recommend it to all of my fellow gamers!9/10"
76561198041753178,Recommended,224060,23443573,"Posted: 7 June, 2016",all,R☢GUE,"Well, what can i say? If u like Deadpool, you're gonna like this gaming even though i think the ending was kinda anticlimatic :/I'd give it a funny 7/10"
,Recommended,224060,18176761,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Res,Back on Steam and still as mediocre as ever. At least the people who paid a craptonne for Steam gift copies can now have fits.
76561198062462542,Recommended,224060,20293891,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,morty,Who the ♥♥♥♥ is that? He's a man out of time. Who the ♥♥♥♥ is that? He likes to fight crime. Who the ♥♥♥♥ is that? We hang out with the Pool. Who the ♥♥♥♥ is that? But he ain't a fool. It's ♥♥♥♥ing Cable. 10/10 would play again
76561198005243071,Recommended,224060,21208486,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Flippy,"Blades, Guns, Grenades and best of all; awesome character!Crazy humor, entertaining battle-style, and the obvious breaking of the 4th wall.I can not recommend this game... ENOUGH! You didn't let me finish!The game seems super-smooth. Graphics are perfect for a ""comic-style"" game, and there's a neat feature that can introduce you to other Marvel characters you encounter throughout the game.It takes a little getting used to the game mechanics, but once you get it, you can start swinging some sick combos, switching between slicing and shooting the enemies.I'll give the game 9/10"
76561198055906418,Recommended,224060,30049526,Posted: 19 February,all,ER|Roxies,"I COULDN'T STOP KILLING THINGS. This was actually not a shabby game at all. It's certainly no DMC3 / DMC4SE / BAYONETTA, but for what it's worth, it was pretty hilarious.Just don't play it with a keyboard. It'll be a nightmare. Buy a peripheral controller, preferablly either an Xbox or Sony modeled one. You'll thank me later."
,Recommended,224060,29395373,Posted: 21 January,all,Тунг Нгуен,"Run, Slash, Shoot, Kill, Laugh, Again !I love this game so damn much. Who gives a hell about girlfriend ? Deadpool always beside you."
,Recommended,224060,20976952,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Velociraptor,yes.
,Recommended,224060,21031986,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,DeMiGO,Amamzing Game must ge it
76561198269041088,Recommended,224060,22013993,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Ken,It has Mister Sinister in it.Win.It has Domino in it.Win.It has Deadpool in it.Fail.I give this game 4.5 gold forks.
,Recommended,224060,23178072,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,P-unit,You get to motorboat Cable.  Nuff said.
,Recommended,224060,21002215,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,adeilt,A fun frolic through the depths of insanity.
,Recommended,224060,21003546,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Poppa Krillmaster,"After playing this game for around 20 mins, I got a craving for tacos.10/10, would make tacos again."
76561198063881898,Recommended,224060,20264125,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Kirre,"Booby traps![laughs]you said, ""traps."""
76561198029548989,Recommended,224060,23750498,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Kubster,"£29.99, Are you ♥♥♥♥ing kidding me?Bought the game back when it was £7.49 and even then, despite my love for Deadpool, goofs and gaffs, I don't think I could say it was worth it. Unless you're a Nigerian prince, I would not bother paying this much money for a maximum of 6 hours of mediocre gameplay.I recommend it however because if you happen to be holding £30 that you were about to feed your bin with, buy this game instead. However, if you've been working late night at Mc Donalds, stacking pennies and selling your urine to homeless people to be able to afford some bread, then do yourself a favour and forget about this ♥♥♥♥ing thing£30... Just... What the actual ♥♥♥♥."
76561198042579526,Recommended,224060,18230144,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,cacophonousAntiquarian,"PROS:1. Deadpool2. Decent Story3. HILARIOUS (Explore your apartment. Make ALL THE PANCAKES.)4. Deadpool5. Good deal of upgrades6. Deadpool7. Deadpool8. Deadpool9. Deadpool10. Deadpool11. Banana12. Boing13. DEADPOOOOL!!!!!!CONS:1. Combat is repetitive (yet fun, somehow)2. Graphics need polishing (in my opinion)3. A bit buggy4. Descriptions in upgrade menu can be a bit vague/unclear/uninformative. Not a big deal, but still.Overall, a great game. I would recommend it. As you can see by the thumbs up."
,Recommended,224060,24161006,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,ム Kiwii,You know.
,Recommended,224060,18195828,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,"「Out for a while, have fun~」",Now that this game is back on steam I have no problem saying that it's excellent and recommending that you buy it immediately.
,Recommended,224060,18218913,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,PinkPyro™,holy♥♥♥♥♥♥its back! Well This game is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome i really recommend you buy it
76561198039593016,Recommended,224060,21166149,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Deltaday,"I've always been single. Maybe one day I'll meet a nice girl, bring her some flowers, make her a meal and have drinks with her.Alternatively I could have a date with Deadpool, cause ya know he's a good lover.Have a good valentines weekend you sexy couples. ;)"
76561198311567999,Recommended,224060,24327250,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,DarkGod2001,Really fun game I got this For 20$ On sale And it is Is very fun with a big sence of humor
76561198107509390,Recommended,224060,28324489,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,SuperGameWarrior101,I love every minute of this game. The 4th wall is always being broken and it's pure comedy.
,Recommended,224060,26864415,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,MegaGame,crazy game.
,Recommended,224060,26468526,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Dimitrius,"He's neither dead nor a pool, but the game is fun still.Chimichanga/10, would play again."
76561198262351553,Recommended,224060,26493701,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Agus_He,a very good game!!
76561197960549525,Recommended,224060,21186545,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Zorgalord,"After watching the movie, awesome to stroll with the guy again and his wit :D- it says 4 hours played on my game list, bought it on Friday after the movie, finished it on Sunday evening. It was more than 4 hours, but certainly less than 10, in normal mode.Still worth £14.99 will replay later again ^^4/7 perfect score"
,Recommended,224060,23088098,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Yodels,"By far one of my favorite ARPG's out there. Didn't have any issues with the game game play, no crashes. Solid Game!!"
,Recommended,224060,29225372,Posted: 13 January,all,"It's-a me, Mandy.",I just really really really love deadpool.
76561198017076013,Recommended,224060,19680384,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Texelion,"You like Deadpool and bad humor ? You like beat'em all with difficulty all over the place ? You like slapping Wolverine in the face ? Just buy it and have fun, seriously.Chimichangas/10"
,Recommended,224060,8170315,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Green Arrow,this is a sweg game
76561198031756056,Recommended,224060,4081933,"Posted: 26 June, 2013",all,A Goddamn Titanium Bull Moose,GET IT! GET IT NOW! Short but soooooo good.
,Recommended,224060,2132976,"Posted: 6 August, 2013",all,Invader Sturm,"Combat is pretty enjoyable for long enough to last the game, and the comedy is Deadpool comedy; assuming you've come seeking a Deadpool game, you'll get what you've sought. There's even a teleport button, which I personally think is pretty rad. All in all, a thoroughly enjoyable experience, although if you play for too long it will get repetitive."
76561198040188061,Recommended,224060,19703997,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,ShadowDelta1138,"I've always been a fan of superhero comic books ever since i was a kid from comic books to huge media entertainment (TV, Movies, and most of all Video games) and Marvel's Latest Non-lego Marvel AAA game (also not counting the movie tie-in game the amazing spiderman 2) Deadpool is an enjoyable game to play and have fun, you play as Wade Wilson AKA(and most knowingly as) Deadpool, a mercenary who shoots, stabs, slices and dices, and kicks the crap of out baddies and Breaks the 4th wall. the story is well written espically the humor dialoge in the game and keeping it's true roots from the comic and deadpool is voiced by notable voice actor nolan north(who also the character in the animated flim Hulk Vs. Wolverine and 2.5D fighting game Marvel Vs Capcom 3) the graphics of the game are great, controls are a bit stiff and the gameplay is good but the shooter element was ehh....meh, but more overall it's still a good Marvel licensed game and i recommend this game to the people who enjoys superhero video games and are huge fans of Deadpooli rate this game a 7.5 out of 10"
76561198037705419,Recommended,224060,17808337,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,WigglyEagle,YES
76561198013848877,Recommended,224060,17483822,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,ɥɐɹpʞoɹǝ99,ok finished the game on easy or normal whatever it was and heres the review.it was a good game nothing fancy and not worth the 40 bucks i paid for it.its worth buying if you can get it on sale but i wouldnt again pay 40 bucks for this.with that said i will do  pro's and con's of this gamepro's1 it is a cool game with lots of ADULT humor that never gets old. even till the end. again this is an adult game don't buy it for children.2 its a run and gun mindless fun blowing away or hacking the bad guys to pieces3 it is a well thought out game short but good. its just hard enough to keep you going but not enough to♥♥♥♥♥♥you off.con's (these issues could be my laptop)1  when i would get close to death my screen would be filled with red. this was no trick thing like blood filling the screen or anything. if i hit like 100 or so health my screen would just fill with solid red texture till id start healing. this made it almost impossible to get away to a safe area.2 sometimes the audio would repeat itself like an echo. it did happen often3 a few times dp lost all sound while talking. only sound then was the in game background noises.over all its a great game but hasnt really much replay value and it is short.these two reasons is why i say it is not worth 40 bucks. on sale it might be one of those nice rainy day games sitting in your library.
76561198043331574,Recommended,224060,29739009,Posted: 6 February,all,bumzelwolf,AWESOME GAME !!
,Recommended,224060,6618510,"Posted: 25 June, 2013",all,RoyalCE,"I managed to get this game RIGHT before launch day so I got the bonuses. I managed to complete it so it's time to give my review. Oh yeah minor spoiler warning.Plot:The plot is really ♥♥♥♥ing simple. Deadpool is just living in his apartment when he gets a script. He doesn't follow the script and decides to kill some guy. Then after chasing him down after he escapes, Mr.Sinister kills the guy himself. Deadpool gets♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at him since he had a contract on him and then goes on a journey to kill Mr.Sinister. That's all you need to really know.Graphics:The graphics are eh. Because this was rushed out in 2 years, some things don't look too good. But it's a difference from the trailers. If I were to describe it simply, it would be like this. The graphics look like a glorified HD PS2 game from those HD collections you can get from the HD collections for PS3.Gameplay:The gameplay is a hack n' slash with third person shooter elements. It's a surprisingly good combo and does make for some fun gameplay. It also helps out in the long run in terms of tactics. But however there is a problem. The TPS elements are fine.It's the hack n' slash part that's wrong. Not to mention the camera as well.For one thing, the combat is slow and clunky. Nothing like something you would see from Platinium Games. The combos are kinda hard to string together(unless you get the Sai melee weapon). Also, when I'm trying to slash one enemy, Deadpool will slash another person when I want to focus on the last enemy I was trying to kill. But yeah, the hack n' slash is okay, but its got its problems.Control:The layout is kinda wonky, so you might wanna map different actions to other keys. But other than that, it controls alright.Verdict:In my personal opinion, the gameplay should be vice versa. High Moon has never done a hack n' slash before(and it really shos). It would've been better if it was a TPS with hack n' slash elements.If you are a Deadpool fan then it's a 8/10. It perfectly captures the personality of Deadpool and it will have you laughing. You might have a good time.If not, then 7/10. It's good, but it's kinda lacking in some areas. Plus campaign is like 6-7 hours total if you want to explore, if you die, and if you get stuck. So I can't imagine how short it would be without all that."
,Recommended,224060,18049775,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,BabySealSlapper,"One of if not the Best Game I have played in a long time as soon as i started playing i was addicted its both fun and hilarious and keeps you anticipateing when u can get back to your computer to play it. High Moon did a great job makeing the game i dont think their is one thing i would chang about it. Definatly buy it Worht every penny. Great Gamplay with guns and blades, villans straight out of the comics. Lots of veriety in attacks. Also funny coments made by deadpool and his multiple personalities during fights and through out the game.(I LOVE THIS GAME!) 100% BUY IT U WONT REGRET IT"
76561197975916565,Recommended,224060,8268140,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Nevyr28,Love this game!
76561198132963003,Recommended,224060,18232157,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Thiccness,DEADPOOL + MOVIE + GAME = BAE
,Recommended,224060,21934086,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Jalaal Abdul Muhaimin,awesum gaem
,Recommended,224060,30549200,Posted: 16 March,all,"Miss Pauling, Lover Of Money","I love absolutly love Deadpool, and the game is pretty fun to be honest. Well. In my opinion it is anyways."
,Recommended,224060,18263010,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,TheSexualHarassmentPanda,A fun and exciting button mashing adventure with hilarous voice acting 7/10- bit to expensive though get it on offer
,Recommended,224060,23877749,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Tale,"It's a half-decent action adventure featuring Deadpool at his dumbest and most inane. If that doesn't automatically make you disinterested, then it's probably for you.It's not High Moon's best work, that would be War for Cybertron, but it's still quality enough to serve as evidence that this is the kind of thing they should be doing."
,Recommended,224060,20271851,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,ThePugHybrid,"Even though it has a slightly repetative combat system, the humor and gameplay is what you would expect from the ""Merc with a Mouth"" Great game!"
,Recommended,224060,22543457,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,Treguard,This game is hilarious.
76561198213650491,Recommended,224060,23005447,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Sad,A epic game!
,Recommended,224060,21260201,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,sir reevnger | hellcase.com |,It's super fun! Worth every cent.
,Recommended,224060,21222083,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Bestrich,10/10 one of the best games I ever played.
76561198028171483,Recommended,224060,21637069,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Friendly,10/10!Great game!I recommend this game to everyone!Great story!Great gameplay!Funny as hell!Buy it!
,Recommended,224060,21331733,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Interrogator_Chaplain N!N ®,"ya know..... if i could get half the hatebots that tried to destroy this game directed twards bethesda..... i could be one step closer to checking off my bucket list, ya know, the part about bringing bethesda down and buring it in holy fire then casting it into the darkest parts of space.....ya gonna tell them about the game or cry about bethesdaya, lets get to the good part.... us!sigh,.. .. fine.....So i dident get this one cuz of the movie, Ive actually wanted it since its first release.we had issues dident weya, but the pills the doc gave us stoped the burningno not that problem idiot the issues with the game that got us bumed from steamSHUT UP BOTH OF YOU this is my review.... anyways ya its back on steam and im quite happy.I dont really care about the price cuz ive spent WAY more for WAY less from sega, bethesda, and so on and so on.....here we go againshut       up       . But i can say i am way more satisfied with this number than any AAA that was put against it in its prime.gotta admit thats a solid point thereThis game is great if you are a DP fan. I cant say im a life fan of DP i only discovered him in the last 10 years. But this game has a lot of humor and entertainment value to it.tell them about the eyecandyyes thats the best part if your interested in the female genderya, ya, there is a lot of 'bouncy' in this game as well.The gameplay itsself is also a boon for me. For the first time in a long time it was actually fun to play a comic book icon. Damn near every pile of crap out there with an icon is dumbed down or fun factored out soo hard it dosent matter and is not even cool ur a superhero/villen. But not here..... not only does the game let you enjoy being deadpool but twards the end it challenges you without taking all the fun out of it.....been making games since the 70's and its only now these ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s let us have a tiny bit of fun?♥♥♥♥♥♥♥sigh..... moving on...All in all this game pays out pretty well. There are some minor bugs, but performace is good and the game is not short as people say.exactly how people put a timeline on games with wide enviornments is pointlessya why buy a game and run through it without looking arround a bitbecause people are stupid and really think everyone lives and see life like they dohehehe... .. this is true.... It took me probubly 10+ hours to finish my first run and i dident look at every level very carefully. I already plan on another run or two before i put it to rest. So im satisfied with the price, game, and laughs.See for yourself if your a dp fan."
76561197966468803,Recommended,224060,28330734,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Momentum,"Right then. So DP FINALLY got his game, and a movie too. Liking the movie, liking the game - up to a point.The game, while DEATH'NITLY entertaining, fun, and just a little too much crazy (thank you! you know we love it) buuuuut....Yeah, DP said it himself. It's the Supervillains D-Listers. (Don't get me wrong, while a little easy, The Boss-Dynamics DO work.) Sinister and The Cloning Factory at it again. Ok I know it's Deadpool, but does that REALLY mean you gotta cast Sinister and The D-Listers and make up a random story. The only reason I didn't guffaw the plotline...? Yeah, well I was too busy laughing. So there...Aaaanyway; let's see here.Controls: Weeelll, I've had worse. But there are a few... ok a lot of places, where the viewing angles are a little stupid for a mix of Platformer and Free-Form Combat.Difficulty: Well, it's fine by me, and I'm sure the Hardcore folks LOVE the eleveated difficulty levels and Medal Challenges, even if I don't. Either way, when looking at from a developing story POV, The Difficulty is actually pretty good. (Though those clones with Storm's powers, - couldn't you afford the copyright? - are, on higher difficulties, INSANELY tough. For the fun of it, just try and take them down with the rail guns and just see how many non-headshots they can actually take before going down.)Graphics: It works. It's not flashy, and not overloaded on super effects, but thankfully so. Somebody at the graphics department must have understood something that a couple of other superhero game directors don't. If you don't overload on FX you don't burn the budget as much, aaaand there's a lot less that can go wrong for the gamers who DON'T have money to spend on a computer to get those last 1000k of resolution.Story: Who cares? Ok, seriously, It's... - fine. A little lip-serviced and offhand-like, but, It's utterly mercenarial, maniacal and just plain gutbusting fun. I mean, come on... It's Deadpool! I wasn't expecting Shakespeare.Content: Good. The Story Mode COULD be longer, I guess, but I think there are probably a few people out there who thinks it was TOO long already. The Medal Challenges are Icing. They're fine if you've mastered the weapons and feel like a challenge. Do I miss a Multiplayer feature? Well ""I"" Don't. Other people probably do.All In All: Pretty Good. Hilarious enough that I replay it every once in a while. And, despite a few software glitches every now and then, I've yet to regret buying this game."
,Recommended,224060,8353883,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Tregur,"this is a brilliant game, great and funny storyline and fun gameplay"
,Recommended,224060,23126133,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Johnny Takigero,"Now this game is a double-edged sword. On the one hand if you like immature, 4th wall breaking, perverted comedy I would say go for it however if you don't it's incredibly hard to recommend this game. As a fan of that kind of comedy, I must say wondering what piece of randomness the game is going to do next is what kept me going. If you're not a fan of the comedy there really isn't much that'll keep you going. The gameplay is just for the most part a beat em up in it's basic form. Granted there are guns, but thy're more there for keeping combos going. The game is roughly 7-ish hours long so it may sound short but given the content of the game itself it keeps bringing something fresh each level and last long enough to not get old fast. It's a tough choice but as someone that didn't mind going through the repetitive combat to get to the next joke I'd give it the thumbs up."
,Recommended,224060,23833009,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,SAY10,"Deadpool is a very fun game, the story is very funny, but too short. The gameplay is simple, easy and repetitive. There was no visual improvement in this version, and nothing further. Remastered Deadpool is a good game but short and repetitive without anything new."
,Recommended,224060,25931764,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,ShadowRanmaZero,"This game is hilarious. If you want an action game with slashing, shooting, and all of the Deadpool comedy gold, this game is for you. Be warned though: The main game is short, yet challenging."
76561198207420056,Recommended,224060,23121400,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,THEIRONBEAR,good
76561198031750806,Recommended,224060,25955638,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,PossessedWasp,"Deadpool is a very short game.  I shouldn't be surprised, given that the two Transformers games by High Moon are also very short.  However, this is about the only flaw I have with the game.  I loved it.  It's a lot of fun."
,Recommended,224060,20101261,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Carcosa,"After watching the new Deadpool movie trailers I decided I wanted to know a bit more about the iconic character. Since I didn't feel like reading any comic books or reading a long wiki page I decided to purchase and play the game. I'm pleased to say that this game succeeded in keeping me playing through the campaign in one sitting with its excellent use of the character of Deadpool as well as an interesting story to follow. The story is hilarious with plenty of 4-th wall breaks and there were many moments throughout where I laughed out loud.Well the story is great but how about the combat? When deciding if I wanted to purchase this game I looked at some of the reviews on steam and I noticed alot of people found the combat fine but it apparently got stale by the end of the game. After my playthrough I've come to the conclusion that the combat isn't very complicated but it is still very fun to play. I was still enjoying bashing people with my hammers right up to the very end. The combat isn't very robust, but it is still very enjoyable.My only qualm with the game is the final set of boss fights. Previous to fighting them the game was very easy to me on the normal difficulty and I almost never died. But when I got to the boss fights I racked up probably over 50 deaths in just 30 minutes trying to beat them. Just be prepared for the difficult boss fights at the end and you'll be set!Its important to note that I bought this game during a steam sale for $19.99, and even if I did buy it at the full retail price of $49.99 I would still gladly pay as I feel that the story was satisfying enough. But if you want the most bang for your buck I success waiying until it is on sale. If you love Deadpool then purchase this immediatley!"
,Recommended,224060,8283473,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,quicksilver514,"Ridiculous, violent, crass, and amazing, this game has proved to be very entertaining and fun."
76561198265113254,Recommended,224060,20541357,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Nix_Adamantium,"I'm still not sure what to think about this game.The pace is pretty strange: one moment it's so frantic you can barely tell what's going on, the other you almost get bored. Sometimes you overpower your enemies too easily, sometimes you find yourself  so much outnumbered the only thing you can do is hope for the best. Even findingwhereto go can be quite a challenge.It's a fun dip in the Marvel universe, I guess, and they weren't shy in making Deadpool do... Well, Deadpool stuff, I guess? He does have his mouth (bit of a shame sometimes his phrases repeat - quite randomly also) and his voices, the funny 4th wall breakings, and hilarious moments with the X-men. And, everything is loveably gorish.What Ididappreciate a lot is the length of the game: any shorter would have been too messy, any longer too tiring.So yeah, all in all I'd give the game a good 7.5/10."
,Recommended,224060,23512185,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,e_bob_k,"While this game isnt very long, it offers a lot in the  way of replayability. Thoroughly enjoyed every minute. Deadpool is everythimg a true fan could want, from the hilarious dialog and witty banter to the intense action packed battles with a multitude of enimies. I had seen the game played on console but the graphics and responsiveness were much better on PC. Would definetly recomend."
,Recommended,224060,19808768,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,xDeaDp00lSLasHx,Deadpool makes Terrible References But that Doesnt stop me From Making me Make the game Recommended! 69.9/10! A Comedy must play!
,Recommended,224060,33629051,Posted: 18 July,all,Moody,"♥♥♥♥ yes, best game ever."
,Recommended,224060,21312624,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,ChronicFunSyndrome,"This game is awesome but its a bit short, was able to beat deadpool in less than 8 hours."
,Recommended,224060,7432756,"Posted: 20 October, 2013",all,Ado409,"This game was so funny! Having no prior knowledge to Deadpool at all, we fully hit it off. I Highly suggest getting this game as the gameplay is great, the weapons are excellent and who doent love combos!If you love crude humour, and you have a spare 5 hours (to finish the game), i definantly reccomend this game! Cant wait for number 2! Cmon highmoon! MORE EXXXPLLOOOSIVESSS!!!!!10/10!"
76561197968014529,Recommended,224060,298579,"Posted: 8 July, 2013",all,{Op4}Havoc,"Woooooooooooo, DEADPOOL. The only reason why this character is still around is because embodies everything you'd ever need to be a creep. A joke character like Dan Hibiki, Deadpool's name wasn't just from the Weapon X program but because there was an extreme likelyhood his comic would be cancelled at anytime.I digress, Deadpool the game is probably one of the funniest games I've played in a long time. If your a Deadpool, Marvel fan or if you want to see what Duke Nukem Fornever should have been like you should check it out.Insanity aside the gameplay as a whole is a medicore, nothing to dance around about although upgrading your weapons is a nice nod to a mercenary. Generally the storyline will drive you through the levels to see what pair of breasts you'll see next, what type of guns someone will get shot with and what verbal garbage Deadpool will spew out.And...Psylocke3.5 out of 5 Chiliwigs"
,Recommended,224060,21470140,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Jack,"As far as interesting and deep gameplay go, it's not much. As far as just plain outright fun goes? 10/10and isn't that what games are all about? I think a lot of developers have gotten so focused on making something unique and perfect, that they forget how games are all about just plain outright fun. The comedy in this game is fantastic, and it rarely lets up. Also, 20/10 when you use this as a drinking game with your friends. Pick a few lines, when he says them, everyone drinks. Deadpool multiplayer!"
,Recommended,224060,17146370,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,Tree Trunk,"WHOA!  I was expecting a pretty lousy game when bought it, but this was SO MUCH FUN!  The writing is funny as hell, and though the gameplay is cuasi-typical hack n slash, the multiple weapons, styles, melee/gun action, keeps you entertained the whole time.   It also lacks of chapter separation so be ready to play theo whole thing in one sitting which is like 10 hours."
76561198084335001,Recommended,224060,7811183,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Lamp,"this game is realy good with a good story, it's funny, lots of action, and if you get this, which i highly reccomend, I promise you will not regret it."
,Recommended,224060,18178658,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Water is wet,it's the damn deadpool ! you can't say anything negative about him.
,Recommended,224060,3944202,"Posted: 30 July, 2013",all,Gelle and Hades,Yes. Yes. A THOUSAND TIMES YES.You want this game.SHUT UP -- YOU WANT IT.
,Recommended,224060,20290773,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,PureIma9ination,Awesome game!
,Recommended,224060,20799460,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Dramion,"Love Deadpool, this game fits his personality perfectly and is fun on top of it."
76561198070101498,Recommended,224060,20059587,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Snagglepus,Want a fun quick game to easily blow through? This is pretty great way to waste some time.
76561198213361676,Recommended,224060,20141108,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,A-W-X-X,i really enjoy playing deadpool (i have not completed it yet)i think others will enjoy it
,Recommended,224060,20151748,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Lorster,"I fell like High Moon just made a game they wanted to make. It's fun and preety good game, but also very short."
,Recommended,224060,20240326,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Angela,badass game!!
,Recommended,224060,20732557,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Japtain Cack,"This game made me laugh more than once. If you like crude humor and awesomness, than this game is for you."
76561198153229042,Recommended,224060,20925654,"Posted: 2 February, 2016",all,Pyroscooter,"I WOULD MAKE A REVIEW, BUT IM TOO BUSY CLEANING MY SHORTS FROM ALL THE YES THAT THIS GAME IS 10/10 WITH RICE PLAY THIS AND YOUR♥♥♥♥♥♥WILL GROW LIKE THE GRINCHES HEART."
76561198110452248,Recommended,224060,18227729,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,topgun8886,Probably the funest game you will ever play.
,Recommended,224060,18201734,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Lombax47,"Just awesome, if you are a Marvel or just plain superhero fan you will love it.If you are not then this will make you a fan.Lives up to the Deadpool name, really great! 10/10 tacos"
76561198060448220,Recommended,224060,18225043,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Revel,"It's a fun game. Dialouge is funny, but gameplay becomes monotonous. Don't pay more than $10 for it."
76561198028490161,Recommended,224060,18221369,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Pyro,This game will make you laugh.
76561198053642364,Recommended,224060,18231211,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,paganker,"So, it happened to be on sale and I decided to get it. I can say it was worth it.People who say it is too short haven't played it on ultra violence difficulty. That would give you an actual day of gameplay (from the moment you wake up to the night). Although there will be lots of dying, respawning and trying over again :DNow, keep in mind that beside the story there are challenges that will give you additional gameplay.The game is fun, interface is easily readable and understandable. And you get that immersion into the game. I'd pretty much recommend this game for marvel universe fans, fans of chopping♥♥♥♥♥♥up in videogame and just curious ones. You will have more fun if you are at least a little bit familiar with Deadpool as a character. But the game is hilarious either way, lots of laughing all the way."
,Recommended,224060,18207724,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Kissaki,Great Anti-Hero / satire.
,Recommended,224060,18225926,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,[BAWS] Bluntwrap,"Completed the game atleast 3 times. Really fun! A lot of references from the original Deadpool comics, so if you're a ""comic-book-guy"", you're going to enjoy playing this game A LOT. They really nailed Deadpools characterisms in this game.10/10 . Nailed that game perfectly. Only downside is that it COULD have been longer. Or, that they could have made a Deadpool 2 by now."
76561198137331837,Recommended,224060,18225945,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,shayn.dg24,This game is amazing! Deadpool will remind you of what a great videogame is all about.
,Recommended,224060,18228933,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Taser9001 ⇋HG-A⇌,The dialogue is AMAZING. The humour is AMAZING. The 4th wall breaking is AMAZING. The gameplay is decent. THE STORY IS GREAT.
76561198112294390,Recommended,224060,28061746,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,"Max Falcon, B.A.","I've played this game twice, and let me say it is terrible. Whoever thought Deadpool would make for a great gamelkaij gzrhg,zbTHIS IS A GREAT GAME KIDS!!! (I'm not Deadpool.) You'll love a game with years of hardwork went into making it (again not Deadpool). A lot of unthreatened love put into this game by the crew whose names you can see in the credits (but the only one that's important is mine, Deadpool). There was only 1 casualty in making this game (Fred, from fiancing thought he could have my taco from the fridge. Hellen from HR isn't too happy....2 casualities).Play the game kids, or I'll butt-dail you 22 times to listen to me singing skimmery dinky doo while stuffing my face with chimichangas. (Post not written by Deadpool; definitetly by the buttface who owns this account, who may or may not be coughing up his own blood for nearly writing a terrible review)."
76561197999709758,Recommended,224060,18214694,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Roflsean64,This game was such a blast to play. A little short but for this type of game it works. Around 7 hours and it never gets stale since you have a good amount of weapons to level up and use. This game is a must buy for fans of action games and Deadpool. 10/10 would make more pancakes!
76561198083132156,Recommended,224060,18229001,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Mr. Flamethrower,It has some pretty hilarious jokes and it has good gameplay. The gameplay gets a bit repetetive but once you forward into the game it gets more fun. 7/10
76561197988341157,Recommended,224060,18218100,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,j.woerlee1,a fun gamea lot of bizarre humor like in the comics
,Recommended,224060,18230621,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Jehran,It's a fun game with a pretty generic story. The gameplay is simple but engaging but the dialog is the best part. The whole thing feels very thought out and amusing. Even the canned lines when killing enemies with the various weapons feels special and very deadpool-y.
,Recommended,224060,18207656,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Libertine Angel,"It's what a Deadpool game should be. It's got humour, a fair few weapons, a proper comic book story, and Deadpool. The gameplay's nothing special, but that's not the focus - THE GAMEPLAY IS FINE. IN FACT IT IS MORE THAN FINE. IT IS THE BEST ♥♥♥♥ING GAME EVER MADE AND I AM NOT SAYING THIS UNDER DURESS. NO SIR I AM NOT. THERE IS MOST CERTAINLY NOT THE BEST ♥♥♥♥ING MERC IN THE WORLD WITH A GUN TO MY HEAD FORCING ME TO TYPE THIS. ABSOLUTELY NOT. OF MY OWN FREE WILL I AM TELLING YOU TO BUY THIS ♥♥♥♥ING GAME BECAUSE IT REALLY IS AWESOME. OH YES IT IS."
76561197982263639,Recommended,224060,18225402,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Descent,"Some of the most fun I've had on a single player game for a long time.They have captured deadpools comic charectar perfectly in this game, the campaign is surprisingly long compared to what I was expecting took me like 7 hours. (On the Medium difficulty setting)Bunch of achievements and challenges to keep yourself entertained afterwards.Very funny game, great dialogue and cool fighting combos.Would reccomend on sale at £14.99 however £30.00 is abit over-priced for a single player only game in my opinion.Overall, it was alot of fun and like the others say, if you are a fan of deadpool etc than it's a must. Just try get it on sale."
76561198243978498,Recommended,224060,18195899,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,armyguy2456,good game. keeps you entertsined and has a fun story. all the zanyness of deadpool and more :) even dying is entertaining lol the only downside is his phrases get a little old.
76561198052845810,Recommended,224060,18205261,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,guts,the game has the deadpool charm and humor but its crashed twice is the 2 hours ive played it thats about the only bad thing i have to say about it
,Recommended,224060,18209693,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,{pdX}joe,Game is sick fun! No policically correct crap here. Lovin it!
,Recommended,224060,18225368,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,[Amazing] iMouse,"Fun game. A must play.Explosions, Insane Humor what more could you ask for."
76561198147090590,Recommended,224060,19797150,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Wolfbain,30/29 would play again
76561198261696612,Recommended,224060,20872712,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,harleyembleton,If you want a game that will make u laugh then buy this game!
,Recommended,224060,20694532,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,Rage,"Awesome, funny and exciting."
76752345346545678,Recommended,224060,20202906,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Beanzo,BEST GAME EVER
,Recommended,224060,19982331,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Bellesaurus rex  🐲,Got to watch Deadpool take a♥♥♥♥♥♥and play with his dog afterwards.TLDR: Super easy game quite fun also with the senseless deadpool banter and killings Completed it 100% in about 20hrs.
76561198162829464,Recommended,224060,20204001,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Tyrawk,"When approaching the top of sinister tower, the game just closes to desktop and starts over again. This game is awesome, but it probably hates my laptop"
,Recommended,224060,20363126,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Kilo_Kiwi,LOVE IT!!!
76561198126640439,Recommended,224060,20884680,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,CorgiOverlord,Easily the most humorous game i've ever laid eyes on
,Recommended,224060,19971738,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,korn3r,"Awesome game with best Marvel hero in it.A bit buggy tho, still i really like it."
76561198040330534,Recommended,224060,20228352,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,mdv1992,"It's Deadpool, why not get it?"
,Recommended,224060,20115685,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,NOOB-NOOB!,"BUY IT! BUY IT NOW! Honestly, if you like button mashers and sarcastic humour, this is the game for you. Otherwise, buy it anyways cuz Deadpool."
,Recommended,224060,20214048,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,{ATF}kiekstje,OMGSOFUNNY
76561198001133015,Recommended,224060,20619945,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,LexNZ,It's a Deadpool game. What more do you want?
76561197999773689,Recommended,224060,19830520,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Pokedy,DEADPOOOOOLLLLL YERRRRRR ... Funny Fun game that will allow you to waste many houres. slightley repetative in later stages but still worth it
,Recommended,224060,20110893,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Fuzzi,You know you want it!!!
,Recommended,224060,20712205,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,Simen fra telenor,This is da best game i have ever play holy crap
76561198052831948,Recommended,224060,20863673,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Fremen-NL,I laughed a lot while playing this game :) ok / descent port.
,Recommended,224060,20951586,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,DevonGamer22,I love play in dead pool its fun is game ever befor they took it off steam i mean really why they do that ???
76561198062080503,Recommended,224060,20371864,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,AR007,Absolutely amazing. Only if Spiderman game were this good.
,Not Recommended,224060,29151111,Posted: 9 January,all,dragzi,"Just to say, I love Deadpool... The comic anyway. But this game just doesn't do it justice.To begin with, it doesn't sync with steam cloud. If you have to uninstall for any reason prepare to start from scratch. Not a massive problem considering how short the game is.Yes the storyline is funny, and the 4th wall breaks are funny, but the gameplay is just plain boring. The naration provided by deadpool through the gameplay gets predictable and drawn out towards the end. I think he has 2-300 lines through the game, which considering his status as 'merc with a mouth', is far too low.Its your standard spam button melee game, with some upgrades to get combo's. The upgrade system is OK, but doesn't really add much to the game.The major problem I have with this game is towards the end. the last few levels give up on design altogether, and just become another game that throws countless waves of increasing difficulty opponents whilst you grind away hoping that this will be the last one untill the level is over.If you haven't got the rb + y or insta-kill upgrades then you will forever be dieing just to gain enough points to finally get the required upgrades. I spent a good 30 min repetativley trying to kill the last boss, which again is nothing but waves of enemys, just so I could upgrade to the last hammer combo (which was my main weapon in the game) and then the boss was trivial. Hitting 2-3 buttons to instakill enemys that were taking 15+ hits to kill before, and would regain health if you had to run to heal.In short, It's an OK game, but for the franchise it should of been so much better. Hopefully now that the movie has gotten so much attention we can get a decent game that will do deadpool justice."
,Recommended,224060,29052502,Posted: 5 January,all,SBS,Its Deadpool a funny superhero breaking the third and fourth wall. And its a great game would highly recommend it.
76561198057755677,Recommended,224060,29851137,Posted: 11 February,all,BirbMemes,"The greatest game of all time. It's super funny, accurate to the comics and it's Deadpool. The graphics are great, the combat can be semi lack luster but it's alright. The stealth kills are different almost every time. 10/10 this game is the greatest."
,Recommended,224060,33371206,Posted: 8 July,all,grandfeatherix,"fun game, but little to no replay for me once it's done unless you are trying to get 100%. it's funny and has ok combat with enough stuff to break up the levels to keep them from being boring. I got it for $20 and that seems fine, I would not spend the $40 on it or have been happy about it if i did"
76561198354711614,Recommended,224060,33318028,Posted: 6 July,all,boocester,deadpool is a great gamer it will make people lmfao
,Recommended,224060,33601007,Posted: 16 July,all,Squashbuckler,-Gameplay reminds me of bloodrayne.-Legitmately funny jokes.-Fun game.-Somewhat repetitive and basic gameplay.-Voiceacting really carries this game.-A cool game that is worth around 30 dollars.-Completed in 7 hours.
76561198021116496,Recommended,224060,33496266,Posted: 12 July,all,Shnufflebutt,"Love the way the humor is worked into the game. The controls seem a little confusing at first, but it makes for a great game having the options for so many moves."
,Recommended,224060,33551860,Posted: 14 July,all,T₳r†,What can I say....it's Deadpool. 10/10
,Recommended,224060,8409184,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,FrenzyGr,Recomended but only if its on sale!Hilarious storytelling that will make you laugh for sure.
,Not Recommended,224060,22459666,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,beats2reason,"This game is pretty funny and very creative breaking the 4th wall. It was worth the sale price for the time I played it but would be disappointed if I payed full price. I am not sure if I got close to the end or not, but you fight the same enemies in swarms over and over and over and over. I had fully upgraded my pistols and katanas, but I actually felt less powerful the further I got in the game. I had a fair amount of deaths in a place where you fight piles of enemies but 4 or 5 ranged hits will kill you. The combat was increasingly poorly balanced and extremely tedious because a death equals starting over the endless swarm fight. I was cheezing the healing factor by jumping off cliffs to avoid damage toward the end where I stopped playing. If I have to abuse the game mechanics to advance on the normal difficult setting a lot, the game just isn't fun anymore. It started out a lot of fun though. Deadpool loves to remind you that the bullet sponge enemies have used all your bullets with the a couple lines of dialogue that get really miserable to hear. I bet the option to mute the voices was suicide prevention for the game QC."
76561198012357660,Recommended,224060,21369488,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,M i L k Y,A game that has two things everyone lovesBoobsand ♥♥♥♥ing Deadpool
,Recommended,224060,33544668,Posted: 14 July,all,Deadpool420,"Wolverine Gets Pimp Slapped, What more can I say?"
,Recommended,224060,26094622,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Arraetrikos,Its deadpool theres nothing more to be said
,Recommended,224060,17572523,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Veska,"One of the most funny game, that i play. Deadpool is only one hero, who knows that he is in comic book (game). His schizophrenia, mutagen X from Wolverine, his friends and specific humor make this game so excellent. Soemtimes camera crashed and you cant see, where you fight or jump. But the others? Marvel best game."
,Not Recommended,224060,18524726,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Damien Ramirez,"The game itself is entertaining in a good way,But gameplay.... Not my thing & as i buy games for gameplay, Cant Personally recommend this game."
,Recommended,224060,27334471,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mace,This game is hilarious and captures the essence of deadpool perfectly.
,Recommended,224060,27244537,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Baschdl,Deadpool is one of the best Marvel Heroes.... I mean Anti-Heroes of course! :)
76561198014688379,Recommended,224060,27209239,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Piraten,What can i say.Pure Deadpool
,Recommended,224060,27274235,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Caverasmus,One of the funniest games I have ever played
,Recommended,224060,27323821,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Jibb,"A tiny bit of repetitiveness aside, this is hands down the best super hero game I have ever played."
,Recommended,224060,7197806,"Posted: 5 August, 2013",all,T-Rekts,"If you are a fan of Deadpool, and have an immature sense of humor, get this game. Non stop laughs."
,Recommended,224060,19686613,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Combustable Lemonade,"I was pretty mixed about buying this game.  I knew it wasn't something I'd ever pay full price for, at around $40 or so.   I gave in and finally bought it on sale for $20.It's good.  It's doesn't do anything new, but it's a solid hack-n-slash.   I do not regret the purchase, although I may have if I had gotten it new at $60.00.Give it a try if you're on the fence, it has some charm so far."
,Recommended,224060,30129100,Posted: 23 February,all,Syndex,This game is in probably in my top 10 games of all times. Really enjoy playing this! <39.5/10
,Recommended,224060,30100789,Posted: 22 February,all,DED INSID,Want a shootem up? Want to kill a bunch of people with some swaggy a$$ katanas? Then THIS GAME IS *not not not not not not not not* FOR YOU!
,Recommended,224060,27020940,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Poet,"Hilariously fun. Much better than the movie in just about every way possible, if that's what you're considering. Tacos. Cable. It's amazing."
76561198023515023,Recommended,224060,27403127,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Krug Herder,"After playing this game I died laughing, regenerated, broke the 4th wall, and died laughing again. Gotta make a Deadpool 2 eventually right?"
,Not Recommended,224060,7915917,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Spoiled_Milk,"i went in to this game not expecting it to be that good but after an hour i realized that it is pretty fun but after that it got so repetative i realy began to not like it, and high moon could have realy put some more work into this game"
76561197975664125,Not Recommended,224060,7897807,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Ripsaw,"The controls for keyboard and mouse are terrible. And the rebinding of the cortols is decorative, absolute rubish. You can only select from a small list of keys to rebind to. And forget anything beyond mouse button 3. It feels like a a crappy console port. Nearly no customizable graphics setting, bar 4 pre-sets. And that sucks as I wanted to play a Deadpool game. But the controls get in the way. So not even a hour in and I've lost interest. The Batman games have way better controls and settings. So why not this? I'm glad I got this as part of the steam sale. I would have been livid had I paid full price for this.If you don't have a game-pad controler, then you may just want to go and find a ""lets play"" to watch instead."
,Not Recommended,224060,7887862,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Daxmort,"As much as I love Deadpool, I can't recommend this game. I wanted to like it, I really did, but poorly produced graphics, bad writing (blame Daniel Way, the man cannot write Deadpool properly) and poor gameplay ranging from ""defeat waves of enemies over and over in a small room"" to ""smash all the buttons in order to hit those guys at long range"". Boss fights are poorly done (the end boss merely being another 'kill waves of respawning, look-alike goons), and generally, it just isn't worth the time. Again, a hideous shame, but if you're really desperate to play as Deadpool, play Marvel Heroes or Lego Marvel Heroes."
,Recommended,224060,26061064,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Tomo,Family Friendly
,Recommended,224060,21200046,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,TMoney $,"Roses are Red,Vioets are Blue,Just Chop off some heads,and play Deadpool."
76561198034672449,Not Recommended,224060,8066252,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,CNN is FAKE NEWS,Reptitive gameplay gets boring however i played for the laughs; the VA is amazing.
,Recommended,224060,21141353,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,SpookyTengu,It's Deadpool....nuff said.
,Recommended,224060,21145206,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,yusuf 十四,Maximum Effort!
76561198069401671,Not Recommended,224060,8417394,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,white fang,this gameeee pisses me off ok i love deadpool buttt its over done and annoying this game might have wrecked this hero/villan for me!
,Not Recommended,224060,8431514,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Hiperdrive73,"The game has good graphics, but the story and game play lack a little to be desired.  Deadpools dialogue is a little strange even for him. Why can't Marvel get their games right like they do their movies."
,Recommended,224060,23563389,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Screwy Oddball,10/10
,Recommended,224060,21166963,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Black0ut`,♥♥♥♥♥ gayer than Ryan Reynolds 10/10
,Not Recommended,224060,8373962,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Purple Pilgrim,"Don't bother. Uninspiring gameplay, terribly repetative and not very humorous. It fails to deliver on all counts."
,Recommended,224060,17457875,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,ZZZZ,"IT'S BACK ON STEAM WOOODeadpool is a serviceable hack and slash game. If you're a big fan of the character like me, it's a must buy."
,Recommended,224060,26166991,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,Got Milk?,"This game is very fun to play and very funny commentary. It breaks the fourth wall a lot in very funny ways. Anyone who likes deadpool should definetly buy this game. I although don't think it has very great replay value, looking at my hours ^^^"
,Recommended,224060,26004020,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Masha,"Its a really simple shooter. Hillarious, though.Super recomended to those who like senseless violence, bad jokes and jumping castles."
,Recommended,224060,21219719,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,cyb3r,I CAN'T FIND FRANCIS
,Recommended,224060,8418794,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,DiskOperatingSystem,"I am so excited to reveiw this game. If you have read some of my other reveiws, I have a list of top 5 games. This being #1. I love the effort that was put in to sticking with the comic, while providing new material, comedy, fun, and also explosions. The developers worked super hard on this to present us with this masterpeice. The modeling for the characters in awesome, NPCS are great, enviroments are great, scripts are great. THIS GAME IS ♥♥♥♥ING FANTASTIC. SO GET YOUR ♥♥♥♥ING WALLET OUT AND BUY THIS MONA LISA OF A GAME! GO!"
,Recommended,224060,21195107,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,ozma,"good game, but needs more deadpool"
76561198091446814,Recommended,224060,21114656,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Joker,great game until you get a piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥glich that ruins everything and then you ask activivsion for support to fix it and they dont respond
76561198034890506,Recommended,224060,26146923,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Damien,this is an amazing game. strongly recommended
,Not Recommended,224060,27158741,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mighty Murse,very repetitive
76561198216713637,Recommended,224060,23252201,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,koala66,крутая  игра
76561198024190453,Recommended,224060,17071513,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,NotSoSlimShady,"looks at blow up dollvoice in head-""were not going to stick are♥♥♥♥♥♥♥in that are we?""ign 10/10would stick my♥♥♥♥♥♥♥in the doll again"
,Recommended,224060,8106628,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Frougie,Nice hack N slash game; but dont expect too much
76561198055717069,Recommended,224060,8417272,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Daddy Trump,Very enjoyable funny game 9/10
76561198005638043,Recommended,224060,21192558,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Papa Doppoloz,Really sweet game! Deadpool is spot on! Only wish it were longer.
76561198093859816,Recommended,224060,24163737,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,19charles96,Fun and entertaining game. A bit expensive for less than 7 hours of gameplay.
,Recommended,224060,2592349,"Posted: 13 July, 2013",all,SaBeR,"Это же Дедпул, игра-комикс одновременно!!!That's Deadpool, game and comic the same time!!!"
,Not Recommended,224060,19304290,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,ChewbaccaJones,"This game is utter garbage.   I loves me some deadpool, but the character's interaction with the environment is just barely above Morrowind and there is zero depth to the gameplay.  Just randomly saying ""Chimichangas"" and making a♥♥♥♥♥♥joke does not make a playable game.  Blah, blah, blah, ♥♥♥♥♥♥joke) shoot gun, blah, blah, double-jump.  Deadpool is great.  This game is crap."
76561198154743978,Recommended,224060,18231446,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,MrNoirShade52,This game changed my life on how i look and feel right now. It's a humerous funny game meant for Adults or kids if their muture
76561197998687087,Not Recommended,224060,22492819,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Ragni Skeletron,"If you love Deadpool like i did, dont buy or play this game, you will hate him afterwards. i'm 6 hours in and i dont wanna play this anymore, it's boring, annoying, and the enemies that should be tough aren't while the enemies that shouldn't be are, and they are insanely tough, im not even sure i want to beat this game since it stopped being fun shortly after the stuff with death and this was around the 4 or 5 hour mark.Good thing i still like Spectre and Spawn cause after this game im not super fond of deadpoolio the amazing anymore.4/10I'm not gonna go super nerd and get indepth with all the stuff they changed for the game but♥♥♥♥♥♥man, they coulda done better with the entire health system, and the weapon damage leveling, and the enemies. I never thought the day would come when i got annoyed by perverted jokes, but it has.I beat the damn game. i got stuck a couple of minutes before the end. Before the letdown that was the final boss. Not changing my review."
,Recommended,224060,20760014,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,GuyInDogSuit,"A decent game that does the Deadpool franchise justice. Too bad they couldn't get Ryan Reynolds to voice him. But Nolan North does a good job in his stead. So what is this? It's basically a God of War clone with third-person shooter elements and a wise-cracking smart aleck for a protagonist. You don't need to have seen the X-Men movies or read the comics before playing this, but it helps if you want some background on the characters. The game does provide some bios on the main characters, if you need a refresher. My only real complaint is, well, the game is fun, at first, but near the end it gets very frustrating. The checkpoints are spread out farther and farther as you progress through the final level and if you die, you have to start wayyyyyyy back, and you will die, a lot. I suppose easy mode would have been, well, a lot easier, but veteran and up present a hell of a challenge. Speaking of challenge, there's a challenge mode where you basically slaughter as many foes as you can. It seems there's a few achievements you can't get without purchasing the DLC, unfortunately. Another odd gripe is that there's no way to take cover while shooting other than to stand behind objects. There's very few bugs in this game, surprisingly, though at one point I died and spawned ahead of the previous checkpoint. Weird. But all in all, I had a fun three days playing this, took me around.... nine hours? To complete the main campaign. If you're expecting some good action, lots of blood and gore, gratuitous violence, and hilarious one-liners, this game is a sure bet. And some achievements are given simply out of humor/sarcasm, or just being patient and NOT pressing the button.... haha."
76561198115977287,Recommended,224060,25139322,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Poooled,BEST Deadpool game ever:DDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDDD
76561198027926091,Recommended,224060,18218091,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,thegeneralfuz,"Has to be one of the funniest games I've ever played! Deadpool is the best source of comedy possible. Don't take anything seriously, enjoy the ride, expect no more than a few minutes at any time that you're not laughing or at least giggling and strap yourself in for adreniline with a wierd alter-ego experience. BUY THIS GAME! The robot boot alone was worth the time."
76561198191236610,Recommended,224060,20879926,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,BATMAN BEYOND,gotta love DEADPOOL
76561198035901174,Recommended,224060,21192878,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,AlaSanD,"After seeing the movie this game was even better, the game itself is decent but deadpool makes it sooo much better!!"
76561198013210648,Recommended,224060,21194930,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Batstroke,"Everything you need to know about crazy Wade Wilson is in this game including his eternal love Death.The game is awesome,the story mode is awesome,DEADPOOL IS AWESOME."
76561198091083816,Recommended,224060,32826397,Posted: 26 June,all,Fox,THAT'S for being so damn good!THAT'S for bringing me so many laughs!THAT'S for making me have a big♥♥♥♥♥grin on my face!THAT'S for keeping me smiling through the night!10 / 10 repetitive
,Recommended,224060,26406468,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,ChocolateGodzilla,"Its Deadpool! Its fun, Its twisted! Get it now!"
,Recommended,224060,21187872,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,[1017]GUCCI CRACKA LA FLARE,Best Marvel game EVER!!! ♥♥♥♥♥ed on everything that came before it and is a great game well worth $20! Even if you are reading this after the sale its worj the full price tag! This is a well made game!
,Recommended,224060,18175394,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,ReBoot,"Decent spectacle fighter, but Deadpool itself is a specialty. The humour is absolutely awesome. If you're into that slightly infantile, hilarious and chaotic kind of stuff."
76561198069591346,Recommended,224060,28193587,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,hardyj850,"Well worth a play through for deadpool fans, Simple gameplay, but hillarious novel story."
76561198208791083,Recommended,224060,25690839,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,bashgold,great game
,Recommended,224060,25703572,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,deep state gamer,This was pretty good!  reminds me of the good old days of AA games
,Recommended,224060,28828353,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Echo NO Aim,Deadpool - the name tells everything11/10 would slap Wolverine again
,Recommended,224060,19610418,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Karikaktus,"What can I say... really, this game is so fun and comedy gold. Even though the game took me over 3 hours to complete it I would highly recommend everyone to play this game."
76561198094243054,Recommended,224060,19492803,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,thebatmanz,fun hack and slash game also very funny. only problem so far is that there is a glitch when health drops low where two red triangles cover 3/4 of the screen and stay there until it regenerates makeing it hard to recover during boss battles
,Recommended,224060,19524890,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,JusSko77,"It's Deadpool, do you need any other reasons?"
,Recommended,224060,30012485,Posted: 18 February,all,Makifun,I wish the movie was this good!
76561198049715037,Recommended,224060,30017980,Posted: 18 February,all,Iron Fist,Hilarious!!!
,Not Recommended,224060,18221485,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Cuprohastes,"This game isn't nearly as funny or entertaining as it thinks it is. Mostly it's about throwing some generic mooks at you and then dropping boss monsters on you, then dropping more boss monsters on you until it becomes unplayable."
,Not Recommended,224060,21186549,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Sound Rules,You may want to get this game because the movie was just released. Just know that Deadpool is not a very fun game.
,Not Recommended,224060,8032118,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Gooby,"Deadpool is one of those games that I regret purchasing and falling for the pre release hype. If Steam refund policies weren't so strict, I would have asked for a refund for this game a long time ago. I do not think that it is worth it even with a 75% off discount. This game should only be bought if below $3.The gameplay is very dull. It tries to mimic Rocksteady's Batman combat, but fails to do so and turns out to be a very boring and not fluid two button smasher with some combos that does almost the same thing. The shooting mechanics are just as boring, and they are below average compared to other games. There are some powers that you can acquire eg: teleportation but they are poorly executed and they seem forced.The story is a long fetch quest with you running around the various maps trying to find various objects. Many of them just seem to be IMO unnecessary missions that tries to delay a short story. The jokes are generally not funny and forgettable, the only ones that were good were in the first 5 minutes. The story is very linear with no other paths. The plot as a whole is very predictable. Basically an evil villain did some♥♥♥♥♥♥and you have to find him.Even if you are a fan of Deadpool or Marvel, you should avoid this cluster♥♥♥♥ of a game or wait for a HUGE discount before buying. I did not complete this game because I got sick and tired of those long and boring fetch quests that they kept throwing at me.I would give this game a 3/10"
,Not Recommended,224060,8401596,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Saralas,"From everything I've seen I thought this would be a great game, but so far it's just been akin to a rail shooter with some swords and a few one-liners.  If combat were more interactive ala Arkham batman games, it'd be a much finer choice.  As it is, it's not worth full price."
76561198078300950,Not Recommended,224060,8321530,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Stirnar,"I love the humor and the gameplay is fun if you have a controller, but the game is just so repettive it gets borring after the first level. I would get it if it was on sale."
76561198400280187,Not Recommended,224060,33082758,Posted: 1 July,all,M4RSHM3LLO,game is ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥after an hour of gameplay it just crashes and then eventually it will keep crashing after startup
,Not Recommended,224060,8463160,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Y2J1245,"I was hopeful that this would be a fun game, but I quickly discovered this one is not for me. Initially, I did enjoy it because it felt familiar, and I just couldn't figure out why. Then I realized that this game has the same mechanics as Spider-Man the game did, but that was released in 2002.That game I loved, but when you take away the open world and the ability to swing around it severely hampers the game. What made matters worse, though, was the audio. The soundtrack and the effects were fine, but Deadpool narrates the entire game. And he does so with two voices, neither of which ever add anything to the game. I understand it's supposed to be campy because it's based off a comic book, but it’s not 1994 anymore so all the references are brutal.I finally came to the conclusion that I do not fit the target demographic for this game. First, you need to have the mental capacity which is less than that of a 10 year old, which I don't (and I can prove it. I drive a car and everything.) And secondly, I don't wear anything with dragons on it.If you have a lot of clothing with dragon's on them this game will be perfect for you because you'll find the jokes hilarious and won't mind the lack of story, or half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and repetitive gameplay.If you do want to get this game, then you should probably uninstall your sound card drivers before you start, just in case. I really can't stress how never ending the puns are.6/10 with the game on mute.3/10 with the sound on."
76561198016495564,Not Recommended,224060,7972196,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Cocax,"Pretty generic and forgettable game.You maybe should play it for the humour, which is top notch, but it quickly fades away and then comes an extremely uninteresting gameplay and pretty bad graphics. The level design is uninspired as well, and it contributes to make this game a worthy attempt to entertain us, but not good enough"
,Not Recommended,224060,19313422,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,crazyD,"Straight up garbage game. Plays and looks like a mushy pile, and features the most annoying version of Deadpool i've ever seen. I am shocked that this terrible, terrible, trash game is so highly rated here, because it has just north of no redeeming features."
,Recommended,224060,22517188,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,aamusay,10/10 its okit was really ok
,Not Recommended,224060,19682236,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,Detective 0rdi,"High Moon didn't do too well with deadpool which is a shame given how well they did transformers. But hey nobody's perfect.The game itself is just a really bare bones hack n slash with some platforming and shooting mechanics. Writing is okay (I enjoyed Deadpool much more in the Ultimate Alliance games and Shattered Dimensions) so I dunno. I wouldnt really recommend this game to anyone, even Deadpool fans. It's so bland to me."
,Not Recommended,224060,20532445,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Aaron B,"This is a game that you can truly tell was made for fans of Deadpool (like myself). High Moon studios did a fantastic job capturing the feel and nature of the character. Combining Nolan North's phenomenal voice work, Daniel Way's excellent writing, and High Moon's obsessive attention to detail, this is easily the most fully realized Deadpool I've yet to see in games.However, the game itself is just not fun. After 2 hours, the jokes and situational humor can no longer conceal what is essentially a barebones, hack-n-slash. The combat is a grueling chore, and aside from a few pseudo-puzzles and mounted chain gun sequences, combat will take up the entirety of the game. Wave after wave, area after area, you’ll be hacking through generic, identical soldiers for no clear reason.Mr. Sinister is making an army of clones, and stealing their souls… or something like that. Neither you, nor Deadpool is inclined to care, and to be honest, in a Deadpool game, I’m willing to let that pass. It’s in the nature of the character. However, considering how abruptly the game comes to its anti-climactic end, you’ll wonder if any of the time you spent was worth it.In my opinion, it was only partly worth it. Seeing Deadpool realized in such a way made me happy. I just wish the experience was more enjoyable."
,Recommended,224060,17070898,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,TechhX,HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥DEADPOOL IS BACK FOR SALE ON STEAM IM GLAD OTHERS CAN ENJOY THIS NOW TIME TO GET THE DLC TO CELEBRATE
,Not Recommended,224060,24593792,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Tune,"A boring mediocre unfunny hack n slash.The graphics look like the game is five years older than I actually is. The environments are bland and boring. The enemies have no variety. Deadpool's quips get tiresome after two or three chapters. The difficulty is all over the place, meaning it goes from♥♥♥♥♥♥easy to a brick wall every 15 or so minutes. The bosses are just slightly bigger and differently coloured regular enemies and the final boss is just 10 times the same miniboss.I wouldn't even recommend this if youarea fan of the series, it's that bad. Safe yourself 30 bucks and just google some of the cutscenes if you really want some Deadpool."
76561198087163573,Recommended,224060,29272537,Posted: 15 January,all,sea_boy52,"Haha, this game is hilarious. A little short, but fun while it lasts"
,Not Recommended,224060,22456882,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Methodis,"Horrendous graphics, subpar performance, immature humor (I know that's kind of the point of Deadpool but this is like, Year 2000 level immature video game writing)."
,Not Recommended,224060,24506278,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Ganja_Mufasa,"For fans only, otherwise its a no buy.Since the game is for everyone and not fans only i'll say dont buy it.cons:Repetitive as f**kEasy as f**kOnly campaign, and challenges that are campaign maps.pros:DEADPOOLFunnycool cut scenesEasy as f**k (good when stoned)"
,Not Recommended,224060,19752305,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,raudrick,"I think the only reason this game is getting so much love is cause of deadpool himself, aside from the little events and humourous cut scenes and character interactions this game has little to nothing for replay value or actual enjoyment.. heres why.-The combat is very very dry-level design is super boring-Some of the mechanics like mantle a ledge when you jump and wall jumps only work when they want too or need too-I am almost at the end or so I think I am but I have no clue because the game doesnt seem to be going anywhere!-Variety of enemies is really minimal. I mean you are in the marvel universe and you just throw the same badguy at us repeatedly (melee grunt or grunt with gun)Now dont get me wrong it does have some moments where it is entertaining and keeps you wanting to continue on (when your getting the statues for death was fun), but my god did I dread the fighting!"
76561197973737234,Not Recommended,224060,21217338,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,MustaKrakish,"This game is good for some laughs. I got it on sale I think for like $5. I would not pay a penny more than that, though. I don't even know if it's worth that much...It's a very monotonous game, but like I said, it's good for some laughs. Awesome voice over by Nolan North. This game is worth playing if you can get it for dirt cheap, and if you like playing games where the only thing you do the entire game is shoot and kill things."
,Recommended,224060,21160220,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Grey Goose,"BEST GAME EVER, BUY IT, PLAY IT, PLAY IT AGAIN, AND AGAIN AND AGAIN AND 9 TIMES AGAIN AND THEN take a break and eat some chimichangas WITHOUT PICKLES and then PLAY AGAIN!"
,Not Recommended,224060,6323848,"Posted: 27 September, 2013",all,BOIPUSSY,Biggest dissapointment of my life...
,Not Recommended,224060,20364191,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,CATCH PHRASE,"I knew to expect some really GOOD jokes and even more BAD jokes, but I wasn't expecting it to be a landslide of bad jokes. And no, the quickly-stale gameplay is not compensation. If you wanna laugh at the good jokes, go to youtube and save yourself enough money for a taco party."
76561197962230479,Not Recommended,224060,20214090,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Syntax42,"The mindless slaughter action fighting game is fun at the beginning.  As you progress, enemy difficulty ramps up and it turns into a game of tactical cover and waiting for your health bar to refill.  The ""progression"" in the weapon skill trees doesn't do enough to compensate for enemy difficulty ramping up.  Considering this takes less than 8 hours to beat the main story, and the fun turning into frustration towards the end, I would suggest not spending more than $10 on this."
76561198025598976,Not Recommended,224060,21897827,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,dsnerdking,"*tldr* are you 12-18? do you like random humor? do you like dead pool? can you sink your teeth into an action game? if you answered yes to any of these questions you may almost like this game.""sigh"" so i have to give this game a thumbs down. not because it was unpolished bad looking and kind of sloppy but because its so close to a really great game. it really seemed like they had some good traction with this game but fell short on the play testing. i can forgive a game for not having the budget to look gorgeous. i can forgive bad camera controls and sluggish numb unsatisfying combat. i can even forgive the game crashing once every 3 hours. but when you when you roll all this in with a game that seems to have utterly ignored play testing i just have to give it a thumbs down. there are many spots in the game that seem to throw random enemies at you in seemingly endless hoards. some times this goes fine but too often i found my self coming around the corner and getting mowed down by 5 machine gun guys who didn't pop up until i started hacking up the melee guy in the middle of the room. also throwing more enemies does not equal complexity. i'm all for a good challenge but this just felt thrown together. its really a shame because it could have been great. the humor was written well for the audience it was intended for. throwing elements of older throw back titles was great. the game was fun at times and always interesting. i just feel that it fell short due to a lack of polish and an over site on the play testing."
76561198135146215,Recommended,224060,32181212,Posted: 4 June,all,OPSpectrum,It's Deadpool.Who cares about 'game mechanics'....It's Deadpool.It's a great game. It's Deadpool.I haven't completed it yet because it's tediously repetitive.....but it's Deadpool.Buy it (not at full price moron didn't you see the last sentence) and enjoy!
76561198066075944,Not Recommended,224060,20413418,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,jackson1292000,"the control is so bad, and the gaming experience isn't nice."
,Not Recommended,224060,19957063,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Evilnames,2/5-Get on Sale-Listen to the same quips over and over again
,Recommended,224060,20608660,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Wong,"Most bloody, violent and innapropriate game I've played.I love it."
76561198133782794,Recommended,224060,18222368,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Wolf,This game has Deadpool in it....buy it.
,Recommended,224060,18217662,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,NegativeSalmon,chimichanga
76561198047389417,Recommended,224060,18213231,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Tough Tat Boi,This is one of the dumbest games I have ever played in my entire life and I'm absolutely in love with it.
,Recommended,224060,28066196,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Abbadon,There is no fourth wall in this game-Thanks Mr Chicken-
,Not Recommended,224060,24695685,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Blaze,"Even though Deadpool is one of my favourite comic-book characters, this game is bad. At least on PC.The camera sometimes makes the game unplayable."
76561198005018271,Recommended,224060,26281367,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,o_O,This review rimes with Polverine.... nuf said.
,Recommended,224060,21186878,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Lint Wizard,Press 'X' to get off your♥♥♥♥♥and buy this game.
,Recommended,224060,1220197,"Posted: 1 July, 2013",all,kot_nastoyatel,"за портирование разрабам руки из♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥надо вырвать в особо извращонной форме. боёвка довольно унылая. в сравнении с темже ДМК или Бетманом, даже рядом не валялась. всю игру тащит главный персоонаж. своими шуточками, прибоуточками, тягой к сиськам, славе и шизофрении. небылоб его. игры нистоила бы и ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ки. Дюк Нюкен, только тупой неудобный, но ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ски забавный слешер нашпигованный первосортным бредом и трешем=)"
,Not Recommended,224060,18211312,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,CptQuinn,"I really cant say much. The game is fun in a way, but after the first hour, it just got boring. Its really all the same after the first level. Slash, shoot, jokes, upgrade, repeat. I'd have to give it a 6/10"
,Not Recommended,224060,316572,"Posted: 25 June, 2013",all,Ozzi,Short campain even on hard it took 4 hours to get to the final mission which is the real challenge in total took me 6 hours to beat the game and did some of the challenge mode. Wait for it to go on sale on steam or rent it on console.
,Not Recommended,224060,18176041,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Beltboy,I fell through the floor twice/10
,Recommended,224060,29286319,Posted: 15 January,all,Convenient Spider,Guns - check!Blades - check!Explosives - check!Chimmichangas - double check!
,Recommended,224060,21068230,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,hey b0ss,whoever would buy this game is making a smart decision.
76561198018881812,Not Recommended,224060,23480473,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Strawhat Luffy,"if it wasnt for the commentary, this game wouldnt be anything special. Seriously,  its highly over rated. 3/5 stars. its average."
76561198056186683,Recommended,224060,25961120,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,GuyOnAChair,I only bought a copy incase it was removed from Steam again.
,Recommended,224060,17113572,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,C H R U P P E K,"+funny, not boring, nice character upgrades, some easter eggs, main character, Death singing a song :D-you cant change costume, no multi or coop, no cards"
,Not Recommended,224060,19686654,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,F22RaptorADF,"Everything about the videos looked great. I love Deadpool and thought this would be a great waste of time. Well, a waste of time it was, but definitely not great. It wouldn't even start up on my PC. While not the most cutting edge model, I do have an i7 4770, 16GB DDR3 Ram, a 500GB SSD, and 2 crossfire'd 6980's, which puts my system well above this game's requirements. However, for some reason, the game just loads a black screen. I tried all the tricks I could find online. I installed the latest PhysX drivers, I disabled Crossfire (just to see if that was the reason), and a bunch of the other tricks folks suggested. It appears I will not be able to partake in any Deadpool shenanigans, and that makes me sad :( <\3"
,Recommended,224060,21215388,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,UnicornDickSlam,good stuff
76561198041228782,Not Recommended,224060,30801600,Posted: 28 March,all,DrSociology,Short game and bad clipping.  Some areas have invisible walls when trying to platform.  You jump and then halfway through your jump it is like you hit a wall. You are stopped dead in your tracks.  So again when it comes to jumping in this game the clipping is very bad.  Does not take long to beat.  My opinion not worth 40 dollars. Would be a decent game if it was 20 bucks or less
76561198048344508,Not Recommended,224060,18224309,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Leona,"I normally try to look for the upside in everything, especially the rare occasion I actually give a review but I'm struggling to find anything positive hereOnce you get past the juvinile humor (something I've always been a fan of but it come off here as forced) it's just another button masher and a rather lackluster one at thatThe controls are horrid, it's like they tried to make them as strange as possibleThe jokes get old fast, a very limeted selection of one liners they chose from in combat and the scripted stuff is so bad to call it cheesy would be an insult to cheeseThe first level felt like a chore to get through and didn't inspire me to try the nextThe only time I cracked even a smirk was in the appartment, before the first levelOverall I cannot recommend this game. After the massive hype and preassure from, among others, my brother to play it, it feels like a massive let down."
76561198188430653,Not Recommended,224060,21170537,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,danfc4,no sound in cutscenes
,Recommended,224060,28143640,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,<EdgeCrusher> [GTribe],"I really enjoyed this game. Plenty of variations than your regular action button masher third person shooter. The game pretty much captured Deadpool's unpredictability and craziness. If you want a no-brainer action game that never loses its humor, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,224060,3770924,"Posted: 17 September, 2013",all,BridgetFisher,"""Deadpool"" is a superhero who is injected with wolverines blood giving him the ability to regenerate but also made him crazy.  The game is very creative, excellent voice acting,  The level design is good, colorful, providing some great visuals.  Upgrading weapons is vital to beat the game on the highest difficulty, since the game has a New Game + mode all the upgrades carry over.  Playing through on the highest difficulty nothing was unbeatable.  Great game that focuses on FUN, something rarely seen in modern gaming.Glitch:  There are many places where you begin to fall and it will say teleport, if you teleport right where you should die when the prompt disappears the character will fall through the floor or sometimes land on out of the way platforms helpful on the highest difficulty.-1 point because the dodge is screwy where if hit, it might be game over since the enemies can chain attacks.  Challenges are useless since enemies get stuck places.Rating:  9/10  Fun:  10/10  Value:  29.99"
,Recommended,224060,28597870,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,-Ebi-,2h in already? Weeeeeeell I guess I can't return it anymore. What ever shall I do now?...Besides kick♥♥♥♥♥and chew bubble gum. Oh...wait...that's a different game
76561198023840494,Not Recommended,224060,21105496,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Alucard,"Really funny story, combat didn't thrill me, I could have given it a bigger shot, really enjoyed the cinematic compilation on youtube... giggle*"
,Not Recommended,224060,8390197,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Sawcey Monst,♥♥♥♥♥♥ game
,Not Recommended,224060,8465038,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Aimtolose,"This game is fun for about an hour at a time, if you are playing the first 3/4 of the game.  It looks really great, and the humor is good too, however there are some parts of this game (Specifically some mechanics) that are simply broken and ruin the whole experience.  These issues are always prevalent but stand out more noticably near the end of the game.  For example  *SPOILERS* When you are on your way to Magneto's Citadel, there is alot of platforming that simply doesnt work half the time, with platforms being barely in reach of a double jump AND teleport, not to mention the fact that the platforms fluctuate, making you wait senslessly for the right alignment. Another broken mechanic is the (Once again *SPOILER*) upgraded teleport mechanic.  It boasts the ability to tansport you over long distances and says it will allow you to teleport between ledges, but the ability only works on a small number of pre-determined ledges that there is no other way to get to. The final issue I have with the gameplay is that when you die in certain sections, the enemies in the upcoming area respawn, but your ammo does not often making it a challenge to pass through a more challenging area.  A decent game that is very repetitive and could have been much more well polished before release"
76561198011677757,Not Recommended,224060,17367440,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,shrike1313,Poor
,Not Recommended,224060,21332377,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,ThatRadioGeek,"For a character who isn't supposed to be able to die, this game sure makes Deadpool really easy to kill. Having to listen to the voice overs again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again and again gets really ♥♥♥♥ing irritating too."
,Not Recommended,224060,28794346,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,eyebrows,"Did not like this at all. Generic, hard to play, repetitive... very little to it when drawn against other ""spectacle fighter"" type melee combat things."
,Not Recommended,224060,8413471,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Ced,Fun game while it lasted... Got to a point where it keeps crashing....
,Not Recommended,224060,8448162,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,2late2die,"Repetitive gameplay, 3rd grade level humour and ridiculous difficulty spikes. I paid $5 for it and I wish I could get them back 'coz this game is a waste."
,Not Recommended,224060,23661810,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Tw1tch_LegendaryMantis7,"Terrible game play. Enemies can glitch out and kill you in a single hit, and no the attacks dont have 1-hit kill properites.The game is a buggy mess. Animations are awful. and I'ts incredibly short. A game breaking bug can prevent any progression halfway/near the end of Genosha. DO NOT buy this."
,Not Recommended,224060,287560,"Posted: 29 July, 2013",all,Charon,"Script-wise this game is the funniest game I've played in a long time. The humour is spot on. It's just such a shame that the gameplay itself is♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ The freeflow combat system that I guess was meant to emulate the grace of the Batman games is ruined by having way too many keys to make anything than basic attacking feasible. The most basic bad guys have so much health that the combat isn't fun at all, it's drudgery and sadly makes up 90% of the game. The majority of enemies can't be killed with melee weaps which means relying on guns that all have finite ammo. Most fights turn into camping one spot waiting for the ammo pickup to respawn. Oh and the guys who fly? Lockon by holding x, then left mouse to shoot... but if you MOVE the mouse, the lockon breaks. O_O Which retard designed that? So yeah, lockon is impossible which means they take forever to kill. FOREVER. The only thing that keeps me pressing through the boredom is the comedy script. Sigh. Here's hoping we'll just get a Deadpool film instead because like all Marvel games, this is♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,224060,21156341,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Braquiador,I've never laugh so hard on a videogame10/10 IGNLike Skyrim but with guns
76561198072907392,Not Recommended,224060,24944574,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Macayas,Only thing that was good about it was the jokes and those lose their charm arfter the first time. Super repetitive with no replay value.
,Not Recommended,224060,8412524,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,[AnL] BaldSexy,"First and only game I have ever purchased, played for about an hour and never touched again.  The only thing thats good is the VO work and the deadpool character.  They nailed that.  The rest... not so much....."
,Not Recommended,224060,8387874,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,The Water Situation,"Unfunny, unfun, un."
,Not Recommended,224060,8391198,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Large Cheese Soda with extra DIP,it started off funny but got♥♥♥♥♥♥quickly.... really♥♥♥♥♥♥.. really really♥♥♥♥♥♥and just re used the same ♥♥♥♥♥♥ level lay out over and over and over... i didn't even finish the game it was just to painful. I would rather shove a glass bottle up my♥♥♥♥♥and fall backwards off the roof of my house so the bottle would shatter inside of me before i start up this game again and try to finish it .
76561198149913295,Not Recommended,224060,21044132,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,LuckyOtter,Pros:  Funny with dumb humorYou can safely quit itCons: it has terrible gameplay. (refunded)
76561198021757575,Recommended,224060,3380763,"Posted: 25 June, 2013",all,Incipit Satan,IT IS THE BEST ♥♥♥♥ING INSANE AN INSANELY HILARIOUS!!!YOU WILL KEEP LAUGHING THROUGH THE WHOLE GAME!!!A ♥♥♥♥IN MUCH OWN!!GET HIGH AN PLAY ITS THAT FUNNY!!!!!SUCK IT WOLVERINE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198085928472,Not Recommended,224060,21164047,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,citizenofyuggoth,"I remember when this game was new, there were 4-6 screenshots that were common in reviews and forums. These screenshots were meant to point out funny moments in the game. Turns out, these are the only funny moments in the game. This is what has stood out to me the most. Other than the above, everything else about this game is forgettable.Deadpool fans may be able to find more funny/interesting things in the game (I hope so). Since i am not familiar with Deadpool lore, it is likely many things were over my head."
76561197992970282,Recommended,224060,1413133,"Posted: 25 June, 2013",all,Denny Crane,"Two words define this game: ""Denny Crane."" It speaks for itself."
,Not Recommended,224060,21170287,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Vince MechMahon,"Bad writing, all the worst parts of the character with nothing that makes him great. Huge waste. Gameplay is also like someone who has no hands tried to remake Devil May Cry."
76561198048827567,Not Recommended,224060,21129119,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,inigo montoia,to short game for so much money
76561198065349893,Not Recommended,224060,28769007,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,mpath,"Control issues killed the fun. The ps4 controller doesn't work at all with this, and the keybindings can't be globally mapped, meaning you're stuck trying to move with wasd, dodge with b, and use with u. Having attacks as q and e means you'll be constantly attacking when you mean to strafe. Wished I could have played more."
76561197963917731,Not Recommended,224060,23104187,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Rage,"Childish humor.Crappy gunplay.Staggeringly tiresome ""boss"" fights.And worst of all...Quick time events.... WHY?"
,Not Recommended,224060,32979016,Posted: 29 June,all,Mireyn`,Короткая игра(
76561198034268786,Not Recommended,224060,21174521,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Maevian,"The game glitches like an alpha and has framedrops to 10 fps on an fx 6300 an 7950!I could not even make it past the first level because of the glitches!The graphic settings are literally four buttons: ""low""; ""medium""; ""high""; ""extra""Steam refunds: 10/10"
76561198070455349,Not Recommended,224060,33537446,Posted: 14 July,all,mullactalk,no. just no. I love deadpool but this game is a combination of mashed together mechanics that make it feel like a wonky ps2 title. The joke are meh at best. It captures the essence of deadpoool but lacks any timing or thought in the jokes
,Not Recommended,224060,31697153,Posted: 12 May,all,unemployed black astronaut,A mindless button mashing for a braindead player.With some mild amusing humor
,Recommended,224060,8408106,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Tim Timsen,"7/10It's not a good game.It's quite bad to be honest.The story is VERY short, Deadpool's jokes and puns (outside of the cutscenes) are repetitive and annoying after some time and the gameplay is so dull that you just sit there and do nothing but hit a button or two to kill up to 20 enemies in a row (depending on the difficulty).The whole game feels like a dumbed-down Devil May Cry, except Dante knows when to shut up and when to make a cheesy joke that makes you smirk like an idiot.But that makes this game special somehow:• No puzzles. Okay there are some, but they're so easy that you can't really consider them puzzles, especially when the game explains them to an extreme extent.• No actual strategies: Normal enemies = The small guns are enough | Bigger enemies = Pull out the shotguns or go home | A group of enemies with a lot of health = Combo time• Silly below-the-belt jokes and bad puns. At least they're fitting. And someone has to make them. Don't tell me you never made one.•It's freaking Deadpool!http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=210817034Playing a no-brainer once in a while doesn't hurt, because you can sit back and kick♥♥♥♥♥without any actual effort.And this game is an awesome no-brainer.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=210788683"
76561197965602632,Not Recommended,224060,25451528,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Arnold Ziffle,"I never got to really play the game. Maybe 30 minutes into the game timeline. It seems remapping the WASD keys to the Arrow keys is not possible with this game. Due to a hand injury it is too difficult to use WASD keys.I saw several comments to use Xbox controllers but I am a PC gamer and don't have an Xbox controller. Yes yes, they aren't that expensive but I don't want to have to use an Xbox controller or any console style controller for that matter. It might be a good game and I am only commenting on the remapping of the movement keys which for me caused this to be another game collecting dust so to say."
,Not Recommended,224060,33616557,Posted: 17 July,all,SK,one of the worst game i've ever seen .
76561198156339015,Not Recommended,224060,31045752,Posted: 9 April,all,iyanweb17,wish you luck finish this crap. artificial difficulty ruin the fun.
,Not Recommended,224060,30413559,Posted: 9 March,all,MatMontreal1234,waste of money.
,Recommended,224060,7615238,"Posted: 9 November, 2013",all,booleran,"Драки, шутки, сиськи...найс)"
76561198031850322,Recommended,224060,4087885,"Posted: 17 August, 2013",all,Last Bucc,If this game doesn't make you laugh the entire time.. You got problems!
,Recommended,224060,1904077,"Posted: 30 June, 2013",all,Z126,"7/10Funy game. I laughed the whole way through it. Took me only 6 hours to beat it (Highly dissapointing but not surprised with the games of this generation) but it was fun. It has a newer sort of twist to the type of game. Constant jokes or random moments. The fighting is a bit repetitive. It is a plot to plot let me hold your hand while telling you where to go. Some cool scenes with some other much loved characters, some of which are not there long or even a few min, but this may be your next favorite super hero! I would wait for this to be on sale though. or at least a bit less. $60 is a bit much for a 6 hour game... no matter how funny it is. The ""funnyness"" saved it some points. without that it would be below average."
,Recommended,224060,7633788,"Posted: 11 November, 2013",all,Jeff No Monitor,"Si vous etes un inconditionnel de la pipelette mercenaire Deadpool le jeu s'impose pour vous comme un must have, sinon passez votre chemin si vous etes insensible à l'humour caustique de Wade."
,Recommended,224060,4863406,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,CoderMonk,"Game play is pretty repetitve, but the writing is hilarious. Definitely enjoyed it just for that."
,Recommended,224060,6820095,"Posted: 17 August, 2013",all,AzulAbbaddon,Do you like witty one liners? Do you like skantaly clad women? Do you like explosions? Do you like over the top violence? Do you like blow up sex dolls? Then you will love this game. Deadpool is one of the most kick♥♥♥♥♥Marvel characters and for him to finally get his own game is amazing! Go play this now...well what are you still reading this for go get it damnit!
76561198042360328,Recommended,224060,7481814,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,Papa_Guedhe,"Yeah... If you like Deadpool or crazy, whacky, ridiculous fun that breaks the 4th wall constantly this is the game for you.If you want a game where the controls respond and the aiming makes sense, this is not the game for you.If it isn't on sale for $20 or less, not worth it. Still, it is quite fun and funny."
,Recommended,224060,7481943,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,GRMLOCK,HILARIOUS!!! Ridiculous Gameplay makes this game even BETTER!!
,Recommended,224060,6117619,"Posted: 26 June, 2013",all,Derpykiin,A game for kings filed with tacos pancakes and Deadpool. I think. If you like over the top humor and bloody action (Deadpool in a nutshel) then this is the game for you.
76561197995816364,Recommended,224060,1646096,"Posted: 26 June, 2013",all,Dargok,One of the most hilarious action games I have ever played. Gameplay is decent but the writing and voice acting is golden! Easily in my top 5 games of all time.
,Recommended,224060,2405764,"Posted: 17 September, 2013",all,Nova,This is deadpool. Crude humor...crude lewd and rude.Meh-ish gameplay but true to deadpool.
,Recommended,224060,4642899,"Posted: 1 September, 2013",all,ManedFox,Had a blast playing! Laughed through out the whole game.
,Recommended,224060,207181,"Posted: 25 June, 2013",all,Ex,"If you love Deadpool, Why are you looking here? YOU SHOULD BE PLAYING ME....I mean.. with me....oh nevermind. Buy it."
76561198015138729,Recommended,224060,8408295,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Wilbert,This game is Insanely Fantastic. I love 3rd wall jokes and black humor. And what its massacre time every swing of bloody swords. This is choice for all insane peoples out there. And blood and gore are everywhere in this super-awesome-full-swing-joking-massacre-humor game. This game is everything that mad gamer wants. Oh did i mention bloody massacre already?
76561198026758569,Recommended,224060,3734923,"Posted: 4 July, 2013",all,Subformat,"отличная игра побольше бы таких веселых игр, но как и в трансформерах слишком одномрные локации и враги начинают надоедать, а так все обалденно получилось, можно 2 часть такую же веселую сделать)"
76561198037437118,Recommended,224060,4455162,"Posted: 5 July, 2013",all,PhysXR,"Абсолютно безбашенная игра:)Чёрный юмор,простой,но в то же время зрелищный геймплей,много видов оружия и прокачка!Вообщем хороший слэшер!ИМХО:8.0"
76561198044708769,Recommended,224060,8425891,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,theobleepbloop,"Overall this game is not bad. The gameplay is okay but very repetitive and the graphics are not very impressive. The campaign is very short (5 hours long if you do not play on the hardest difficulty). I do not recommend this game for its gameplay or its graphics, but I do recommend it for the deadpool humor. Indeed , High Moon studios was not succesful when it came to the gameplay but it was when it came to creating a great ""deadpool atmosphere"".If you know and love the deadpool character this game is worth a try, but if you do not know anything about deadpool I recommend you do some reasearch, as the character's humor may not please everyone."
,Recommended,224060,8426534,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,It Ain't Easy Being Cheesy,So far I'm enjoying this game! I love the humor in it as well!
,Recommended,224060,8427597,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,crusible,Update my status to erect!!!
76561198055400756,Recommended,224060,8431788,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,owen_mcgren,"Great game, seriously funny and you get to kill♥♥♥♥♥♥  Get this game if your computer can handle it!"
76561198070192833,Recommended,224060,8418294,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,teddylumpkins22,"This is a great hack and slash type of game that has all of the humour that you would xpect form dead pool. The only down side is the game has been really buggy ever since I got it. The screen would glitch and make it hard to see and there were times that it would crash repeatedly during specific points in the game. Overall I reccomend this game, but think it requires a patch."
,Recommended,224060,8418844,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Dohmy,"You will like this game if you're a fan of Deadpool already.  If you don't care about Deadpool, maybe this game will make you like him a bit more.  If you're expecting awesome deep gameplay, that's not this.  It's a very true-to-character hack-n-slash beat-em-up.The antics of Deadpool make the game.  It's short and sweet, and there are additional modes to extend gameplay, but I was satisfied after a runthrough of the main campaign.  It took less than 8 hours.In summary, fun, short, sweet, and great if you're a fan of the character."
,Recommended,224060,8418991,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Mechamaru,"Definetly a game for only the most hardcore of Deadpool fans. Gameplay is alright, not the best and gets really stale really fast. The dialouge gets repetative but not to the point of headaches. The best thing about the game is how High Moon and Marvel really nailed the personality and characters. Also, a few moments of unexpected ultraviolence really helped perk up the game. 7/10 just because I'm a huge fan of Deadpool."
,Recommended,224060,8419502,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Beef Pizzle,OH ♥♥♥♥ YEAH this is awesome
,Recommended,224060,8421158,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Monty_Viper,"No exciting gameplay features, standard third person shooter, but the jokes are worth the money if you can get it on sale."
76561198007107336,Recommended,224060,8422315,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Asg,"While I love Deadpool and all things Marvel, the controls & lack of real cuztomization of them is a bit of a turn off. While you can change the buttons for actions, you may only choose 1 of the preset buttons already availible. I could not use the extra buttons on my mouse for actions in the game, which is really annoying. If you can look past this annoyance, it's a pretty good game. If you cannot, it is obviously a game killer. I give it 3 out of 5."
76561198049661572,Recommended,224060,8422631,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Cool Ranch,The game's great. Fun combos and♥♥♥♥♥♥ though I only wish for a wider variety of weaponry. And also probably the funniest ♥♥♥♥ing game I've played in a long time.
76561198079635540,Recommended,224060,8422776,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,thegreatshmi,This is a great game if you love deadpool. The humour alone makes it worth it.
,Recommended,224060,8424764,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Mr. Elshagan,"Hilarious game if you're into Deadpools insanity. Don't think there's a moment where I didn't laugh, the combat can be a bit frustrating at times... Darn you machine guns! Buuut overall it's an alright game... Only real problem I had was that Deadpool went over budget several times, but hey it's his game.Combat: 4/10Dialog: 10/10Controls: 6/10 (I used a controller)Graphics: 7/10Gameplay: ?/10 (You'll see if you buy it. o.o)"
,Recommended,224060,8411888,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Harley_Quinn87,It's freaking hillarious. A must play.
,Recommended,224060,8413879,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,johneu94,"Good Fun Game, it's a fan service for any fan of Deadpool. It may not  be a great game but it's alright and mindless idiotic fun deadpool style."
76561198047663700,Recommended,224060,8417597,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,nate.cook,"Gameplay was surprisingly good. Like the Batman Arkham games, combat got to be predictable, but this combat was far more entertaining IMO. The humor was great fun and makes this game stand out.Control-wise, playing with a 360 controller (I used a DualShock 4 over bluetooth mapped to a 360) was excellent, but I can see how keyboard/mouse would be almost unusable in this game. I routinely used 12 different buttons in a single combat sequence and that would certainly complicate things on a keyboard.Overall, highly recommended for one or *maybe* two playthroughs. Don't expect replay value since the best part of the game is its unpredictability."
76561197963201490,Recommended,224060,8417781,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Martel,BEST GAME EVER!!!
,Recommended,224060,8404685,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Beño,Full of bad jokes and lots of guns.
,Recommended,224060,8404930,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Soupthief,"Not the best game, but the dialogue is a fun kind of childish. If it's on sale it's worth it for 6-8 hours of stupidity."
,Recommended,224060,8405155,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Gundi McSalty,You are a Deadpool fan ? go for it !
,Recommended,224060,8454629,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Ravish,♥♥♥♥ING AWESOME!!!!!!
76561198097910957,Recommended,224060,8457971,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Unorthodox,"I admit that this game has numerous flaws when it comes to battle sequences, but, the hilarious content is just to scrumptious. I recommend buying this game on steam sales for no less than 75% off, since you'll be sorry for buying this game on full price.I believe this game would be of more worth if it was, instead, turned into one of the Telltale Game's user's-decision storyline, instead of Action."
,Recommended,224060,8465383,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,TurloughMc,"This game is the funniest game ever and it portrays Deadpool very well, the combat is very fastpaced and can be difficult at times but it is worth it for the hilarious cinematics and puns and everyone should at least try it."
,Recommended,224060,548116,"Posted: 26 June, 2013",all,Aesop,"If you know who Deadpool is the content is awesome.  I personally liked the gameplay although it is easy of course.  I'm looking forward to more DLC for this game.  Actally I can't say enough about the content in the game.  It was a nice change of pace.  Warning: read a Deadpool comic or something.  If you don't get it, this game is not for you."
,Recommended,224060,1598797,"Posted: 26 June, 2013",all,Kyrael,"Shallow, madcap, basic and relentless. Relentless in both jape and violence. Except when it isn't, and you're wandering to the next trigger point for a quip and things to slice. Execrable controls with mouse and keyboard, but it's tolerable with a pad. Still, is fun, but probably waiting for a sale fun."
76561198063281813,Recommended,224060,7558023,"Posted: 3 November, 2013",all,InsanityWolf,"If you see this game going cheap and you are into Deadpool, you won't be disappointed. The gameplay is simple but the game does Deadpool justice. It wasn't until I unlocked a few of the more powerful upgrades did the game really start getting fun and it's at that point that you become a non-stop whirlwind of bullets and katana blades! He cracks one-liners the whole time, and even tunes out as another character is explaining how important the mission is! Classic Deadpool."
,Recommended,224060,3828577,"Posted: 8 August, 2013",all,Queenie,"one of the straight up funniest games i've ever played, you don't really need to have a huge understanding of Deadpool to get the broad humour, that being said the game is relatively short and repetative, still it's a complete luagh riot and blast all the way though so i'd say pick it up on sale sometime"
76561198075222163,Recommended,224060,6787822,"Posted: 2 July, 2013",all,Artorias,Jogo SUPERR FODAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAAA SUPER DIVERTIDO E ENGRAÇADOOOOOOOOOOOOOOO  DE JOGAR EXELENTE.
,Recommended,224060,847924,"Posted: 25 June, 2013",all,Moria,needs more boobies!
76561197970519350,Recommended,224060,420945,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,Spike3o0o,"With a crude sense of humor, laugh out loud narrative that breaks the 4th wall, and ridiculously awesome off the wall story Deadpool is one of the funniest games in quite sometime. Despite the somewhat by the numbers gameplay, the narritave, over the top story and humor make Deadpool worth playing!"
,Recommended,224060,3166525,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,rdfreeman33,"Deadpool is one of those games that people get all  wrong, the game does have alot of faults which include its repetitive gameplay,  but it makes up for it three-fold for its  funny dialogue and story.   They nailed that part right and that is what deadpool is all about as for the fighting, it aint bad it just severy lacking in that department.  I personally didnt mind the fighting that much, probably because i try to bring a new mindset everytime I play something new, and not try to make it  something else.  i was gonna Rate this a 7 but this game is still making me laugh when i see it on youtube, so I willgive it an 8.   hahahha"
,Recommended,224060,250702,"Posted: 28 June, 2013",all,C7brosis,"(hilarious - marked by or causing boisterous merriment or convulsive laughter;)More Fun than a sack full of horny ferrets, Brutally enjoyable like a sexy coma patient and crazier than a car full of clowns with Coulrophobia.This game is by defnintion... Deadpool"
,Recommended,224060,7060181,"Posted: 26 July, 2013",all,chairya_2,"An awesome fun game, not the longest but it is really relaxing to play."
76561197960354014,Recommended,224060,8439817,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,ijiwaru,the comedy in this game alone is worth getting it..... so get it!
,Recommended,224060,1756864,"Posted: 26 June, 2013",all,"Yorick, Shepard of Lost Souls","Hey, You like trolling? You like trolls? You like big guns and bigger breasts. Then this is the game for you!!!! Step into the chaos filled time twisting and perious world of Marvel seen throught the eyes of its Number 1 Hero. D-Pooly."
76561198091057509,Recommended,224060,8441066,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Foxy Flash,I F...ING LOVE THIS GAME SERIOUSLY :D
,Recommended,224060,8444129,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Ni0,"I highly recommend this game due to its immersive, Comedic and Amazing Gameplay."
76561198057235012,Recommended,224060,8444441,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Kempachi Ramasama,"This is the best game in existance. Everyone go home. Deadpool's hilarious with his forth wall-breaking humor, mixed with an okay story, good game play, and charcters means you should buy it. Buy it, BUY IT. BUY. IT."
,Recommended,224060,8446204,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Synackk,"If this game had a shame meter, it would be full."
,Recommended,224060,1566924,"Posted: 25 September, 2013",all,Jim North,"The GoodI have never laughed so hard or so often while playing a video game.  Deadpool is brilliantly brought to life by the voice of Nolan North and the writing of Daniel Way, with the humor coming at you as fast and frenetic as the action.  The gameplay itself isn't exactly spectacular, but it's still pretty solid and very fast-paced.  I found myself comparing it to the combat in the Arkham games, but with swords, hammers, pistols, machine guns, laser rifles, and no slo-mo.The BadWhile I did praise the writing above, there are a few points where I felt it maybe got a tad TOO cartoony and wacky.  Not often, but it happened.  While Way did definitely deliver on the laughs, I think I might have preferred if they'd gotten Fabian Nicieza to write the story.  All my favorite Deadpool stories were written by him, and I always enjoyed the serious moments of introspection he added to the character.There are some unfortunate bugs in the game, mostly having to do with environment meshing.  On more than one occasion, for example, I would try to jump through a wide opening to find that thanks to some invisible walls, only a much smaller section of that space in the middle would allow me to pass.  This would lead to several frustrating moments where I had to climb back up to where I'd been and try the jump again until I got it right.OverallSure, I've got a couple of gripes, but truthfully they're rather small ones, especially compared to the sheer amount of fun packed into this game.  Ultimately, the main reason to get and play this game isn't for the gameplay or the graphics or the story or whatever.  You should get it and play it because it is absolutely hilarious from beginning to end."
,Recommended,224060,7446824,"Posted: 21 October, 2013",all,Rider4Life505,"This game cracks me up! the way Deadpool knows your there and how he talks to a voice inside his head makes me leaugh myself silly! They things he says inside his head are super funny. This game knows its being funny, thats its main goal. its not one of those super serious games like Oblivion or The Walking Dead. I highly suggest that you give this game a chance."
,Recommended,224060,8447130,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,kidcruz97,"Get this game if on sale, I wont lie , its worth about 10 on a good day.Its very funny, but it becomes repetive after a few hours.The story line is very short. (I wish honestly it was longer)The controls are very funkie and u find ur self re-ssetting all the keys, For keyboard and mouseOver all I'd give it a 8/10 fun hack and slash"
,Recommended,224060,8447741,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Snidely Whiplash,this game is absurdly silly and entertaining
76561198098446171,Recommended,224060,8449497,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Rare Hunter Tenebrae,"This game is pretty good. I enjoyed a majority of the game and had some pretty great laughs. I wouldn't pay full price for this but would really recommend it if it's on sale in the flashbin. A word of advice to anyone starting this, upgrade all your guns and traps and only invest in the hammers. They're about the only useful things in the game."
76561197983253536,Recommended,224060,8449740,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,The Electric Sting,"If you like Deadpool comedy then it's your kinda game. Made me genuinely laugh alot, beat the game in about 5 hours so personally i don't think it's worth getting at full price. I got it on sale and I think it's at least worth the sale price."
,Recommended,224060,8451218,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Jul,20/10 would stick♥♥♥♥♥♥in it
,Recommended,224060,8451491,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,MedaForce,"I can say with confidence that Deadpool is an actual good game, Good graphics, fun story and good gameplay (Very similar to Devil May Cry.) Buuuut... The game is tailored for the fans and overall I feel it will alienate most non-fans.Also the game is short, I finished the campaign in a little over 8 hours.That being said the game is worth getting... IF you can get it at the 'Steam Sale' price ($15 or less), sadly I can not recomend paying full price for this game, even for a fan."
76561198087625948,Recommended,224060,8453232,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,MrDavebeard,Such a fun game and a great tribute to the comics! Was super glad to pick this up on sale.
,Recommended,224060,8433326,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,clakie,Amazing
,Recommended,224060,8433512,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Un Sacapuntas,omg so gud 10/10 wuld rec mend
76561198006570044,Recommended,224060,8434795,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,H4110W33N,"Love him or hate him, he makes me laugh. Gory glorious repetitive action."
,Recommended,224060,8435327,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,zgd3,"♥♥♥♥ed up keyboard layout, but a hilarious game. A must play for the Deadpool fans, and if your not one, this game might change that."
,Recommended,224060,8436488,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,*Elisav,"If you like good bad humor and/or are a fan of Deadpool - well, you can figure out the rest champ.But seriously, it's 6-hours worth of fun game - obviously more if you're into achievements and that sort of stuff. The gameplay isn't anything special, but there are some cool sequences that break from the typical combat.As a person who wasn't familiar with Deadpool but who appreciates his style of humor, I'd say the game is worth it at a discount."
,Recommended,224060,8436558,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Kallorous,This game is everything a game about Deapool should be.
,Recommended,224060,6988341,"Posted: 1 October, 2013",all,LimeZz,beschte
76561197987294781,Recommended,224060,1125428,"Posted: 7 August, 2013",all,Manly McBeefington,Biggest boobs in videogame history!!!GO FOR IT!!!!
,Recommended,224060,18235810,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,Djozar,"I held off on this game for the longest time. I thought, ""This is going to fail so badly..."". Lucky for me, I'm as looney as Deadpool and my other personalities told me this was a good idea.I'm so glad I listened to them!So much fun. I'm grinning ear to ear as I play. His antics. His delusions. His love for everything that goes ""BOOM!""I got to slap the hell out of Wolverine, play with Cable's ""moobs"", look at the backsides of Psylocke and Domino in high graphics, assassinated a Dr. Sinister Clone...Did I mention how fun this game is yet?Once I figured out to farm my upgrades THEN play the story all the way through the game was just a blood-fest. Why couldn't Batman be this much fun to play? Maybe because he broods too much where DP just lives for the moment...wherever and whatever reality that moment may be!Would play with Cables Moobs again 10/10"
76561198065376919,Recommended,224060,6395767,"Posted: 25 June, 2013",all,Nightingale,NO♥♥♥♥♥♥THIS GAME IS WICKED you will be laughing pretty much the all the time
,Recommended,224060,18178754,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,✪ RG,"such a funny game, sit back and eat a chimy changa and enjoy this masterpeice"
,Recommended,224060,4616381,"Posted: 20 September, 2013",all,Nanobreak,+ amazing humor; completely Deadpool-esque humor- graphics are meh+/- combat is fun but eventually very repetititve
,Recommended,224060,18179094,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Hunter3901,"fun, cheesey, good. that is all"
,Recommended,224060,18177186,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Major Payne,"The combat in this game is rather repetitive but never the less still fun, my personal favorite weapons in the game were the duel sai knives. As for the story and Deadpool himself it's funny and engaging. Definitly a fun game to buy while it's on sale."
76561198008464695,Recommended,224060,18178086,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,RogueBanshee,"In technical aspects Deadpool is at best an average 3rd person Hack and Slash / Shooter game.  If you are considering this as a coneseur of 3rd person action games you have better otions available to you.On the otherhand if Deadpool makes you giggle, then playing this game will give you plenty of giggle time.10/10 I would giggle again"
,Recommended,224060,18176737,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,BlackJeepOfTheFamily,"The story, the jokes, and fourth wall breaking over the top ridiculous video game moments, filled with your basic hack n' slash fighting makes this game a very fun and worthwhile play-through."
76561197995182839,Recommended,224060,18186755,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,alfred1979,"It's Deadpool, that's all you need to know. I liked the gameplay, it reminds me of the simpler times of gaming which is great. Since it's back on Steam, I would recommend it to everyone who are fans of this genre."
,Recommended,224060,18187700,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,NoTaSnowball,"Even if you never heard of Deadpool, the humor is still pretty mature-funny. If you read comics, or watch Marvel movies (though, let's be honest, the comics are way better), it's a must-have for this deal price. Bring the pain!"
,Recommended,224060,18187832,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Bronyard,"Fun, hack and slashy, breaking the 4th wall humor."
,Recommended,224060,18185396,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,[Lel] Crazy Legs,Highly recommend this game
,Recommended,224060,18185828,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,The Fragrance of Dark Coffee,"Glad to see this game back on Steam! One of the best beat-em-up games of all times, with your favourite, merc with a mouth, Deadpool!"
76561198041058690,Recommended,224060,18282343,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,switchpoint,This is a pretty fun game if you are a fan of the character of Deadpool. Be warned though this game deals more with the funny side and there really isn't anything to do with the serious side of Deadpool.This will basically feel like you are playing Deadpool as written by Daniel Way. The game is not overly hard and you will find yourself mostly facing waves of enemies but the jokes and gameplay is pretty solid. I would rate the title a 7/10 good game to get if it's on sale
,Recommended,224060,18266653,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,SSGT. Frost Zero,"EPIC, more Stupid than any Postal game xD and it makes sense"
,Recommended,224060,18268465,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,TheWanderingRonin,This game is fun that's for sure but the missions are a constant repeat of everything
76561198097525980,Recommended,224060,7254108,"Posted: 1 August, 2013",all,ninobrown011,if u want a good laugh and a good super hero game buy it if u like serious games dont buy it
,Recommended,224060,18249331,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Vengeance643[NOR],"I just picked this up on sale, and I was not dissapointed! It's a game filled with obscure humor from start to end, Deadpool style. The only downside is the controlls, which are a little sh3it sometimes. The story is....good, dont make much sense, but hey? If you are a fan of Deadpool, i strongly recommend this one, if not....then go play a game about wolverine or something! hue hue"
,Recommended,224060,18245543,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,St. Brandownage,"It's like playing through a few issues of the Deadpool comics. Deadpool breaks the 4th wall constantly, and even acknowledges the fact that he breaks the 4th wall, lol. The gameplay is pretty good as far as hack and slash games go, although it can get stale at times due to the repetitive nature of the genre. What keeps the player going throughout the game however, is the constant humor. This is one of the funniest games I've ever played, and that's not just because I'm a Deadpool nerd. I think anyone who gives this game a shot, even if they don't have prior knowledge to Deadpool, The X-Men, or Marvel in general, will still find this game hysterical. If it goes on sale for $10 again, definitely get it.9/10"
,Recommended,224060,18246970,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,Alphazen,Lots of Fun and Action! Everyone needs a Deadpool in their lifes!
76561198039023377,Recommended,224060,8373772,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Spacecakeje,amazing humor! beep
76561198088219436,Recommended,224060,7988961,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Nikorasu,"Great Game, alittle short for my tastes though... still recommend"
,Recommended,224060,7989158,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Tire Fire DM,"Do you like super heros?  Do you like super heros but don't care about periferal characters that require hours of homework to understand?  Do you like breaking the fourth wall?  Do you like the word ""chimichanga""?Regardless of how you answered the previous questions, Deadpool is the game for you.  Take Tony Stark, have him acknowledge the audience, give him Wolverine's healing ability, give him a nastey ol' cancer face, top it off with some♥♥♥♥♥♥jokes, and you have Game of the Year."
,Recommended,224060,7989526,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Jakery,"It is repetitive, buggy, and sometimes annoying. Those are the only cons i can think of. If you like deadpool even a little bit, you will LOVE this game! I laughed till i cried and cried till my eyes bled. This game is very well worth the $40 price, given all the good times you will have in its 7/8 hour campaign. Also, the replay value is high! If you like the combat, there is no reason you cant go back and slice up all deadpool's foes over and over and over throughout this wacky thrill ride."
,Recommended,224060,6491706,"Posted: 7 August, 2013",all,Chrongus,I give this game a solid C+. I'd only recommend this game if you are a HUGE fan of Deadpool.
,Recommended,224060,7241597,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,Nemesis,"Pretty challenging game while at the same time enjoyable. Deadpool is a funny character, and the cutscenes are just hilarious. I'm going for a run-through on easy mode to mess around a little more :D"
,Recommended,224060,2271329,"Posted: 26 June, 2013",all,Rome12245,"Deadpool the game is amazing, the gameplay smooth and a blast, similar to Devil May Cry 1. The game also has some amazing comedy, the best that I have seen in a game to this day. If you don't already have this game, get it as soon as you can. And in the words of Deadpool himself, ""I brought my skills and a buttload of my favorite things. Katanas (check), guns (bang!) explosives (boom), duct tape (quack) and of course, yours truly - ME! (Checkmate!)"" -Deadpool"
,Recommended,224060,1358995,"Posted: 29 June, 2013",all,Bustin,"If you're a fan of Deadpool, definately pick it up. Or if you like having fun, pick it up as well."
76561198073605417,Recommended,224060,8338150,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Pomonkey,Well.... its fine what an honer yeah its cool .-.
76561198009341252,Recommended,224060,2562891,"Posted: 26 June, 2013",all,Catfish Billy maaaayn,"The Deadpool Game is awesome :) Many of the critics are way too harsh, I think they rate it low because they've been fearing it'd turn out to be another Duke Nukem Forever - which it of course isn't. While it isn't a contender for any GOTY award, it's a good, solid game with a hilarious plot and Nolan North does an excellent job of bringing the character Deadpool to life. 8/10 :)"
,Recommended,224060,22719827,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,not sponsered by skinhub.com,9/10 would toatally get friendzoned again
76561198088221980,Recommended,224060,22569218,"Posted: 22 April, 2016",all,[/...] FloppyDisk,You get to ♥♥♥♥♥slap Wolverine.... i dont think i should need to say more about the game to make you buy it \m/
76561197972528165,Recommended,224060,22591789,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,sleeepyhead,"Great game.  Lots of breaking-the-fourth-wall type humor: he knows he's the leading character in his own game, acknowledges the player (you), talks crap about the writers and video game budget.  The default keyboard bindings are a bit clumsy, but can easily be remapped.  The Steam achievments are tough but attainable.Also, boobs."
,Not Recommended,224060,22559078,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,PheonixGRX,"The gameplay is sort of fun, but the bugs in the game made it impossible to play... literally.On starting one scene in which 2 guards are using urinals, and deadpool walks through a toilet stall door, Deadpool instead decided to get caught on the door, and infinitely walked. After leaving the game idle for an hour, I decided it was time to close the game to end it's misery.Enemies would clip through objects, and attack from inside of them. They were impossible to kill since my attacks couldn't hit inside the object, and they couldn't get out.Enemies would spawn in their T-Pose, and this was outside of the 1 film clip that made a joke about the 'unfinished level'.On the boss fight around when Cable joins Deadpool, the boss never wanted to finish dying. The boss battle continued on endlessly, even when no boss was around to fight.I would not recommend this game, as to me, it is buggier than Sonic 06."
76561198090610294,Recommended,224060,20666557,"Posted: 21 January, 2016",all,Wraith,"For the life of me I can not understand the poor reviews at realease.   Everyone I know who played this game had a blast.  I am not usually one for button mashers but I decided to pick this one up on the steam summer sale and this game was really fun and by fun I mean bat %^&$ insane.This game pros:Excellent voice acting.Hack slash or shoot the enemy, your choice.Stealth kills with a pair of slegehammers, seriously can we use slegehammer and stealth kill in the same sentence?Lots of cameos from the X-men and the X-Villians.This games Cons:Felt a little short I could have kept playing for hours more.To Sum up:Really caputes the essence of deadpool any fan of the comics (or comics in general) will enjoy.  For people who don't know who deadpool is this is a great way to find out before the movie.Also, for anyone worried about replay value, this game has a ton.  I load this up all the time and still enjoy the in jokes and humor."
,Recommended,224060,21169150,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,spookyB ;),"One of the best Beat 'Em Ups I've played since DMC and Battletoads. Filled with everyone's favorite Superhero's satire, it combines third person shooting with class melee beat 'em up elements. It's a great mix of the two. It's sad that people tell me it's a short campaign, however."
76561198093819318,Recommended,224060,19377744,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Bluetastic,Xcon give it to ya!
,Recommended,224060,21165115,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,HauntedPixel,"A pretty solid third person action game that's made great by it's hilarious (and well done) voice acting and it's story.  If you're a Deadpool fan, you can't go wrong with this game."
,Recommended,224060,2318660,"Posted: 25 June, 2013",all,Bagzee,"wow all of a sudden the week Deadpool comes out this game hits top sellers list, ****ing ppl liking him coz it's trendy right now. i bought the game before i was removed the first time,  awesome game though, his quips get repetive  by the end of it though.shame there isnt more too it though 9/10 b/c the quips cost him a point"
76561198025815144,Recommended,224060,7446446,"Posted: 21 October, 2013",all,Nebo,Ever wanted to know what it was like to be a homicidal schizophrenic without risk of asylum or prison? Then this game is for you!
,Recommended,224060,21155810,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,spuddylll,"Extremely fun! Bought it in preperation for the movie and I gotta say, I hope the movie is as good as the game."
,Recommended,224060,21180906,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,josevato,"Deadpool doing Deadpool. Fun game for fans of the comic, or people looking for a time killer who don't mind being offended."
76561197991808695,Not Recommended,224060,19858491,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,acesahn,"Im a big fan of Deadpool, and was very excited to play a game staring the merc with a mouth himself. For awhile, this game is everything a Deadpool fan could want... but then it gets old, and what we're left with is a 4th wall breaking, immersion shattering, primitive hack and slash with guns implemented.Many will point out the 4th wall breaking is part of Deadpools character, and indeed it is... however Deadpool is constantly pointing out that he is inside a video game, making the plot meaningless, the stakes meaningless, the sense of accomplishment meaningless. While that is an interesting look into the psyche of Deadpool, since thats must how he feels about every story he's in, it didnt feel like I was playing as Deadpool, killing baddies and assassinating targets but rather... just going through the motions while Deadpool made me laugh. This was enough for a few hours, but after I was sick of it, I couldnt even bring myself to finish because of poor gameplay.The combat is extremely lackluster, and of all the Arkum Ayslum rip offs, this one is well below average. Nothing really feels satisfying, your essentially just button mashing the same tired combos over and over again, which doesnt make for fun gameplay.The story is a mess, partly on purpose for humor purposes, partly because the plot is a video game... that fact we are constantly being reminded of, so its hard to even pretend to care. Characters pop in and out, and we get put on the track to fight a big bad whose plans are humoriously bla bla bla'd over (You litterally shoot yourself in the head rather then listen to what your doing lol) and while it is very funny at times... its still a mess, and not very enjoyable as a whole.In short, this is a rather funny game... but its not fun. If you are not a hardcore Deadpool fan, Id avoid this mediocre hack and slash."
,Recommended,224060,3428120,"Posted: 28 June, 2013",all,Immortal.Insanity,This game is brilliant and a must have if you’re a Deadpool fan. It’s packed full of action and comedy while sticking true to the character. It’s only downfall is it’s a tad short but it has plenty of replay value especially if you’re a completionist.
,Recommended,224060,21158480,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Scot,"I've had this game for a long time. It's not a huge open-world game that takes forever to complete but it has enough content to justify its price tag. (It's on sale as I write this).What is memorable about this game isn't the gameplay or visuals. They are ok. What makes this game fun is the Deadpool dialog. It's the kind of game that I'll dust off and play again when enough time has passed (been a couple of years now) that I've forgotten the dialog. But, I don't think I'll ever forget the part when Deadpool happens upon two goons taking a leak by a wall."
76561198091688478,Recommended,224060,21228757,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Beyond Basic,love the game and deadpool had to rebuy it on pc insted of playing it on xbox
76561197975160796,Recommended,224060,21224910,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,Ellis.Dee_25,Irreverant and fun.  Utilises SLI.  Self-aware button-mashing goodnessl.
76561198103407616,Recommended,224060,21227781,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Jeffroxx,is this can play in windows 10 as i upgrade my windows 8 already?
,Recommended,224060,19755429,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Wombatty,"The game is short, but if you're a fan of dead pool, ya it's worth."
76561198090016971,Recommended,224060,7506831,"Posted: 28 October, 2013",all,sard1n (V)_(-_-)_(V),cool
,Recommended,224060,6728658,"Posted: 9 August, 2013",all,♛ Notorious ♛,THE BEST GAME EVER TO BE KNOWN BY MAN HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥ITS SO FUNNY ITS GOREY ITS SO AMAZING I RECOMEND THIS TO EVERYONE!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I GIVE IT 1000/1000
,Recommended,224060,3318572,"Posted: 27 June, 2013",all,Novus,"Crude, vulgar, decent gameplay. If you are into this sort of thing."
76561198035826399,Recommended,224060,4349000,"Posted: 28 June, 2013",all,Southey,"Best Marvel game i have played in a long time , Hilarious , Action-packed , hopefully marvel will start to focus on comic based games like this ,  They should start to copy the DC like  DC allowed  batman arkham trilogy to be made by the comics  rather than just movie-based games. If marvel now focuses on other characters to get games like this then they will do well."
,Recommended,224060,8386320,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Patch,"Firstly, this game is sexist, racist, and horribly offensive. If that's something you can't deal with, then you'll want to skip this game for sure.Beyond that, it's not a terribly good game, and absolutely not worth the $40 price tag. So even if youreally reallywant this game, wait for a deep discount (its hit $9.99 at least twice).The controls arn't the best, the comedy is great but there is no story to follow through the entire game, and there really doesn't seem to be a good reason for me to play the game a second time.So, if you want a laugh with Deadpool at the helm, and are willing to put up with so-so everything else, than grab it. It's absolutely worth the $10, if you're not expecting anything more than that."
76561197964703360,Recommended,224060,8025372,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Dariant,"The game is trash. But Deadpool makes it playable. I find myself playing it just for the one liners and comediac scenes in the game. The game play is mediocre, the story is chaotic at best, and the over all feel is just sloppy. That being said, if you are a fan of the comic then you will want to play this game as it does a good job relating the nonsense in the books to a game."
,Recommended,224060,4780221,"Posted: 12 July, 2013",all,Narcissistic Cannibal,one of the most hilarious games I have seen I highly recommend it as it is very fun and action packed with plenty of humor
,Recommended,224060,3451249,"Posted: 13 August, 2013",all,woody452,play it now! you need to
,Recommended,224060,754503,"Posted: 27 June, 2013",all,Target Bravo,"If you're just looking for a slash 'em up shoot 'em up, this might not be the game for you. In that respect, it's average, but there's definately better ones.THAT BEING SAID OH MY GOD THIS GAME IS SO F***ING COOL.If you're like me and you get a little excited 'down there' whenever you see the Merc with the Mouth, this is the best -- NAY -- the ONLY game for you. I had to quit after the second level and go to the hospital cos I broke my ribs laughing."
,Recommended,224060,6173594,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,Prince 👑,"Do u like guns,comedy,and BOOBS? then this game is for u."
76561198203581907,Recommended,224060,30491316,Posted: 13 March,all,Kilik Snow,Love this game its hilarious
,Recommended,224060,7462091,"Posted: 23 October, 2013",all,Proj3ct Katana,"If you love Marvel Heroes and Deadpool as much as me...GET THE GAME! its freakin' hysterical, and fun!"
76561198034293960,Recommended,224060,4235847,"Posted: 25 June, 2013",all,CrasHツ,"отличный слещер!!!!)))) море,море всяких шуток и приколов, вы будите ржать всю игру без остановки!!))) рекомендую всем без исключенияю\!!"
,Recommended,224060,7362131,"Posted: 11 October, 2013",all,Kissamies,"Fairly entertaining for the typical AAA 6 hours action game formula. The humor got a few chuckles out of me. Might even replay the campaign some day. If you like the character, this might be a decent game for you. Worth 10 € or maybe a bit more if you really love Deadpool, I'd say."
,Recommended,224060,1994987,"Posted: 27 June, 2013",all,Gonza,Себе я эту игру однозначно рекомендую!
,Recommended,224060,1639600,"Posted: 30 June, 2013",all,Blue Devil,"Solid game, priced for what it is, a once and done experience, but a good one."
,Recommended,224060,545557,"Posted: 14 August, 2013",all,Such Spooky Flame,"This game was good for what it is. Which it would be... a Deadpool game. This game only works because it's Deadpool and people already know who he is.If you like Deadpool, this game is worth a look. However, if you want my honest opinion, wait until it goes on sale first."
,Recommended,224060,1507657,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,PanicFrag,Jokes game
76561198069409401,Recommended,224060,7412237,"Posted: 17 October, 2013",all,God Emperor Jesus Christ,"♥♥♥♥ Math and use all of it, buy this game"
76561198065509437,Recommended,224060,6401839,"Posted: 1 July, 2013",all,Hachiman Hikigaya,"It's good, but i wish it had multi player, i don't really like the teleport. but other than that it's an amazing games the jokes the 4th wall, everything i love about deadpool is in this game. I will say this, the healing factor is amazing. The fighting is good, the combos you can do are fun to execute."
76561198098045097,Recommended,224060,7439198,"Posted: 20 October, 2013",all,Dymblee,"If you are a fan of Marvel (specifically Deadpool), and action games, this is a sweet ride that doesn't disappoint.  The dialog in the game is actually funny and that alone it is worth a playthrough."
,Recommended,224060,4343676,"Posted: 25 June, 2013",all,Sicarius Diem,Repetitive Gameplay but fun enough to stay for the AMAZING character work and comic style. Great writing and just too funny to put down.
,Recommended,224060,8081143,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,FataL1Day,It's Deadpool. You will enjoy every single minute. Don't miss it.
,Recommended,224060,5533044,"Posted: 29 June, 2013",all,Yb,"When I first saw this game I was skeptical, I figured it would be a sub-standard beat 'em up. After playing this game for about an hour I can say that it is ♥♥♥♥ing hilarious! Some of the funniest writing I have ever seen, the game's ability to break the fourth wall is great. If you are easily offended by crude humor or vulgar language then DO NOT purchase this game as there is a lot of that. Although the gamplay is the run of the mill hack and slash there are some good upgrading elements and fun weapons to use. Unless you are a die hard Deadpool fan don't purchase this unless there is a Steam sale because the price is a lot for a particularly short game. I give this a 8/10, not too bad."
,Recommended,224060,8037089,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Shaq's Friend,"Immature, stupid, clunky, AND I LOVED EVERY SECOND OF IT."
,Recommended,224060,8037417,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Inhuman Erections,"This is just perfect. Deadpool's humor and antics have just been perfectly captured and turned into a moving comic book. Granted the combat and such can get a little repeditive, but it is more than worth it when the cutscenes begin. I could not recommend this game any more."
,Recommended,224060,8040180,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Pawlful,"Fun enough 3rd person action beat-em-up, worth buying on the cheap if you like the character of Deadpool. Can be frustrating at times, camera issues especially in the later levels but it's never game breaking. There isn't much else available in the genre for PC so it comes as a reccommendation for fans of the genre or fans of Deadpool."
76561197961630170,Recommended,224060,8015309,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Dr Oxide PHD,"Janky, boring levels and uninspired combat....why can't I NOT play this though??"
,Recommended,224060,8017351,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Zesen12,"Funniest game ever, I think I broke my jaw from laughing. Its fantastic!"
,Recommended,224060,7998727,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Ciphernull,"Only buy this if you're a Deadpool fan.I am, so I bought it, and was pretty entertained by it. The writing and voice acting is spot-on, and the game is funny as all hell. The mechanics get tedious though, and the level design is mostly uninspired, but with a few fun surprises along the way. Overall though, if you're not a Deadpool fan, I don't think you'll be entertained enough by it to complete it."
,Recommended,224060,8000120,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Shylo-Ren The White Mystery,"Deadpool is one of those games where wether or not you like it depends on the person playing it. For example I love the game but I know people who think the humor is juvenile. Deadpool is one of the only games I've played where I laugh out loud constantly, Nolan North voices deadpool perfectly, the voices in deadpool head are  one of the highlights of the game. By the best part is the in-game situations. Half of deadpool lands on a guy and deadpool controller him making people think that it was a 4 armed zombie. Or when you get to shoot the crap out of stuff for no reason and they just randomly explode. Unfortunately the story is smaller than I hoped and the gameplay doesn't change much in the game but it is still way too fun for what you get. If you enjoy crude humor, sexist jokes and random dismemberments you will love this game. It almost makes you forget about Ryan Reynolds' portrayal of deadpool in x men origins wolverine..."
,Recommended,224060,3866090,"Posted: 26 June, 2013",all,*'Daz3d'*,"May not have had amazing reviews but it isn't all about the gameplay, the game combat is a little repetitive at times but very fun and the humor in the game is fantastic, highly recommended! :D"
,Recommended,224060,8133272,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Whale Egg,"It may not be the best action game, nor slasher but it is FUNNY!"
,Recommended,224060,8136633,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Net,Fantastic and witty game.
,Recommended,224060,3923461,"Posted: 26 September, 2013",all,Fortze,"If you're reading this, then you're obviously an idiot. In which case you shouldn't even worry about getting the Deadpool game and worry about putting your pants on properly, assuming you remembered to wear them at all today.It's a game. A game about Deadpool. That is enough."
,Recommended,224060,8115201,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,DEES,Great Game!
76561198065527047,Recommended,224060,8087352,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,CryoftheChronic,"Not the bigest challenge in the world, but tons of fun to play. LOVE the character intros - especially Cable's"
,Recommended,224060,3998381,"Posted: 25 June, 2013",all,loryka,"MUAHAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA BEST GAME EVER!!!!!!!!!!! serioulsy this game is hilarious, and is perfectly blended. wise cracks gore, and insanity. What more could a gamer want. Other than a real girl friend. :P enjoy this game its great."
76561198043102727,Recommended,224060,8181300,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,maik.k,"This game is hilarious! I never laughed as much while playing a videogame.While the gameplay is a bubblegum version of DMC, it's also making fun of games and gamers so the very standard slashey-shootey action fits very well. There aren't many comedy games, and this one does it very well. The voice acting is outstanding, the animations and character designs are good, the rest is just ok. It's very short (about 6 hours) so full price may be a bit too much to pay. But you get to ♥♥♥♥♥slap Wolverine!"
,Recommended,224060,18175527,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,jsb,Just good fun. Nothing spectacular on gameplay but totally worth a sale purchase.
,Recommended,224060,18176030,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Thanos,A must-play if you like Deadpool. If you don't then look elsewhere. Good to see it back on Steam.
,Recommended,224060,18176080,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Jose Noyola,Its back!!!!!!!!! finally can buy the dlc now!!! Alll in all this a fun game a bit short but if you are a fan of deadpool then you will have fun. This game does him justice.
,Recommended,224060,18189689,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,attrigan_k1,"To be frankly the gameplay may be a bit stiff here and there, but is nevertheless working.CON: The controller settings are bit restricted.PRO: Even though its not the best looking game overall, the graphics look good regarding characters and have enough details. (It also look good in higher resolutions.)PRO: It is very faithful to its source: the Deadpool comic.PRO: (Most important:) I never laughed so much in any other game or movie. Provided that you have a sense for the given special kind of humor, you will have a lot of fun."
76561197971181521,Recommended,224060,18166607,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Stabjack,It's balls.
76561198066716198,Recommended,224060,18180952,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,LifeDay,10 OUTTA 10!!!!!
,Recommended,224060,18179388,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Anterk,"IT'S BACK!Do you like Deadpool? STFU AND BUY IT!Do you like Cable (X-Men)? You'll probably like this.If you don't know who Deadpool is or don't like him, prepare for a semi-generic third-person action game. You've got combos, guns, melee weapons, gernades, and teleportation to wield in a 4th-wall-breaking conflict agianst... somebody. The villian really dosen't matter, all that matters is that he exists. There are several cameos by other Marvel comics characters (mostly B-tier), with Cable having the most screen time thanks to the wonderful Cable vs Deadpool comics series. However, the main focus is entirely on Deadpool, a Duke Nukem-like ego-centric buffoon. Your enjoyment will hinge entirely on how much you can appreciate this kind of character.Also, Deadpool is a complete sexist pig, but he's a psychopath who can't get a girlfriend (besides Death), so I suppose it's okay. Also, he gets hurt lots :)I recommend checking out the Cable vs Deadpool comics and the wonderful Deadpool Kills the Marvel Universe."
,Recommended,224060,18194602,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Craigery,"Amazing?  Definitely.Well worth the sale price.Can lag at times, but it is a great game overall."
76561198007010765,Recommended,224060,18175275,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Rojar Paren,The controls are a bit to get used too. Its a console port but if you like deadpool and his humor you are going to be laughing so hard that you will die often because of the tears in your eyes. Deadpools mature witticisms hit the nerve just right.. to be honest this is what the movie SHOULD be. I havent had the time to complete the game yet but eventually I plan to.If you are looking for a fun way to blow a few enemies apart after a stressful day at the office pushing paperclips then DEADPOOL is for you. Just be sure your significant other and kids are locked away because you will not want to stop listening to his wisecracks or watch him eviscerate his enemies.A controller is recommended.
76561198133693236,Recommended,224060,18190207,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Dolphinlover,"This game, is the best, game ever!It has everything! Guns, boobs, humour, action, feels, and more BOOBS!9.4/10"
,Recommended,224060,18189329,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,JBelcross,SO glad its back on Steam so I can write a review!! This game is a MUST for Deadpool fans!! Love him and love the hack an slash on this game!!
,Recommended,224060,8204447,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Werupenstein,"Bought it because it was cheap, didn't have very high expectations, played it to see if it would be a good xmas present for my brother, I enjoyed it quite a bit, gameplay wise it's not better than any of the hundreds of other 3rd person action games that came out this gen, but it plays well, few spots where the frame rate went low in really odd places, never in boss fights, but standing in a hall in the middle of nowhere... not very impressive visually, Wolverine's arms are comically large, even by superhero standards. The Deadpool craziness is really what makes this game stand out, I don't think there is a single game I've ever taken more screenshots from, lots of ""did that just happen"" moments. The last two boss fights were brutal, only part of the game I didn't enjoy. I like comics and I like 3rd person action games, and this game was well work playing."
76561198095880802,Recommended,224060,7243487,"Posted: 29 June, 2013",all,Hagsprett,Awsome game! :)
76561197970015621,Recommended,224060,8316352,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Martins,"this game got a bad wrap. Game play is so so; Kind of like Batman Arkam, but still intresting. some glitches here and there but all and all one of the funniest games i have played in ages !"
76561198010053047,Recommended,224060,8320829,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Judiciary,"The gameplay itself isn't anything special, but running around as Deadpool was still really fun.If you like the character, it's definitely worth it."
76561198015670208,Recommended,224060,8374453,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,TheJester0673,Love this game
,Recommended,224060,8375013,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Greenbird,"It's by no means a ground breaking game, but if you are a fan of the charcter you will enjoy this game. The game play is pretty generic action/shooter, and can be a bit repetitive, but is overall still fun. The humor and chacter though is what make this game stand out. If you are a fan of deadpool or just humour games in general, I would definitely say to pick this game up.My constructive criticism is that I would have liked to have seen more team fights with other marvel charcters. They are present in the game, but mostly serve as plot devices. Greater variety in the enemies would have also been an improvment."
,Recommended,224060,8375940,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,sexbeard,"I thought this was going to suck and annoy me.  I was Deadwrong.  I can't recommend this hilarious, awesome, gory, fun slaughter-fest enough."
76561198012709659,Recommended,224060,8376575,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,NinjaJoe,"It's a fun game, hands down.  The controls can be a bit wonky at times and the camera isn't the smartest.  Although for what it is, it is worth it."
,Recommended,224060,8377480,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,m00nNinjaSkythe,Think Lollipop Chainsaw with better graphics and funnier jokes. I approve.
,Recommended,224060,8379781,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,EternusIV,Epic.  For the price of going to a movie....a must buy.
76561197962523798,Recommended,224060,8379977,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,The Donald,its actually fun and challenging at times.
76561198019093855,Recommended,224060,8380254,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,RottenRobot,"This is an action/comedy/combat/puzzle game that makes me laugh out loud. Deadpool delivers on that count for sure. However, political correctness is not Deadpool's strong point, so if inappropriate behaviour offends you, don't buy this game. I especially like the way he mocks the player for making him get killed repeatedly. Deadpool is such an unlovable jerk that I can't help but enjoy playing as him. The graphics, animation, sound, level design, and fluid combat are all what you would expect from a good quality title. I have experienced no technical or quality issues with this game. Leveling up Deadpools weapons, abilities and special moves helps keep things interesting as you progress through the story. I have not completed the game yet, but after playing on and off for several hours I am happy to endorse it. I wish more games were made that make me laugh like this one does :)"
,Recommended,224060,1733473,"Posted: 11 July, 2013",all,Jamez,Best.♥♥♥♥ing.Game.Ever!
76561197971304253,Recommended,224060,8252609,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Sanzor,"You overslept, the car wont start and you arrive late at work just to know your colleagues screwed something up. It's gonna be one hellava day.You arrive home and really just want something to cheer you up.This is where Deadpool pops in. This is a COMEDY game with capital letters! The amount of one liners, sexist jokes and whatever you can imagine has been brewed up into an action game.Deadpool game is fast paced and utilize a mix between melee and guns. It's hard to focus on only one type, especially guns as the ammo is most welcome and you can carry all 4 different guns. Melee however is what you please to use.In order to earn ""DP Points"", then you either pick up DP coins around a level or kill enemies. If you're good at juggling all the enemies around and constantly combo them to pieces, then you earn even bigger points.There is nothing bad to say about Deadpool, besides being a console game, but it works extremely well on PC. The only slightly annoying part can be the camera when you're in tunnels, or got your ""back up"" towards walls. The missing overview of the battle can make it hard to counter enemies or avoid incoming hits.If you want to laugh your♥♥♥♥♥off, then Deadpool is highly recommended."
,Recommended,224060,892586,"Posted: 8 July, 2013",all,└►idolwick◄┐,"Ah Deadpool, the whimsical, fun loving, schizophrenic sex maniac of Marvel comics. This franchise is far too often left in the corner ignored, much like your awkward, creepy uncle at family gatherings who offers you beer and smokes just to have someone listen to his latest conquest at internet poker. Yet more like your uncle, Deadpool leads you into the dark, squishy crevices of his psyche via hack & slash game play and razor sharp fart humor. This game is pure unadulterated Deadpool that will leave you laughing all the way to the shower… that’s when you start crying. The game is one swift shoryuken to the happy sack. 8/10"
,Recommended,224060,8372139,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Bionic Redhead,Why aren't you buying this game yet?
76561198066649763,Recommended,224060,8372167,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,xzero,Most hilarious game of all time.
,Recommended,224060,8299369,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,ECy Manufacturing,"Freaking hilarious! This is so over the top, and the gameplay is actually very solid. It starts easy enough, but the two last stages are quite challenging. Overall this is halluvalot better than I had expected."
,Recommended,224060,7886544,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,snot,"mostly a generic beatemup with a good story involving some of the xmen, nolan north does a very good job of voicing him and his multiple personalities"
76561197975161360,Recommended,224060,7889107,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Ian,"If you get a kick out of the current version of deadpool, you will love this game.  Complete nonsense for the most part, but lordy is it hilarious. The gameplay aspect is alright alll in all, but the humor really made it a winner for me.  Seeing cable as a giant floating taco halfway through the game and it just keeps getting more nutso.  I dont regret buying it at 40, but if it goes on sale for cheap, then theres no excuse.  Chimichangas"
,Recommended,224060,7590482,"Posted: 7 November, 2013",all,TokraZeno,"Humourous and provides a decent backstory into happenings in the Marvel universe. Stealth and combat certainly aren't perfect, but it's good enough. I suspect it would have been better with a controller."
76561198069356438,Recommended,224060,7889772,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,twistedgamehead,this dont work ..dont buy it
76561198057070263,Recommended,224060,7891341,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,LA Sloth,NO EFFORT INTO THIS GAME AT ALL.BEAT ON HARDEST DIFFCULTY IN 9  HOURS AFTER THAT IT GETS BORING.BUT I LOVE DEADPOOL SO I SAY THE STORYLINE WAS GOOD.IF MAKE SEQUEL MAKE COOP MODE ONLINE AND MORE BOOBIES PLZ
76561198036073111,Recommended,224060,7891393,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,SaltiestDog4,"game play is alright at best, its just so funny. Makes it worth it!"
,Recommended,224060,7935646,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Mallocator,"Awesome fun, but pretty easy."
76561197987531559,Recommended,224060,7329141,"Posted: 6 October, 2013",all,[BIA] Dr. M. Bonner Johnson,"Adolescent humor, gratuitous slicing and dicing, kick♥♥♥♥♥gun splattering, and a great way to enjoy your night!  Play when you feel like being AWESOME."
,Recommended,224060,7183421,"Posted: 29 June, 2013",all,Screechout,Good game and quite funny! :)
,Recommended,224060,7896706,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Sotiris The Firebrand,"Before buying this game you have to answer the following question:Do you like Deadpool from the comic books or not?If no, then don't buy it, especially with this price (more of that later).If yes, then you are on board.It's about Deadpool hunting down Mr. Sinister and killing his♥♥♥♥♥for screwing up his later contract.Along the way, we have Wolverine, Cable, Domino, Rogue, Psylocke (Helloooooooooooooooooooooo nurses, you will be saying when you see the girls ;) ), Deadpool's voices guiding him and doing commentary.It has over-the-top humour and the story on the cutscenes are what drive this game and making you play. It makes fun of many cliches on video gaming, along with the industry (like two instances with the game's budget, first making the world 8-bit and then forgetting to animate, script and putting textures on one point before continuing). Also, a lot of Deadpool's lines come from the comic books themselves, like ""I know how to say chimichangas in eight languages (from Cable and Deadpool)"" and ""Shoryuken!"" (a well-known moment of DP's history). And of course let's not forget having hallucinations, Pool-O-Vision style and the breaking the 4th wall. Pretty much everything you love about Deadpool.Another thing I liked was it has all weapons and upgrades availible to unlock both by buying the weapons and killing mobs. I liked it a lot, since you can have better time buying the upgrades than being unlocked as the game moves.What kinda brings down the excitement is the mediocre gameplay and the price.If you remove Deadpool as he is, it's a generic action game with the same gameplay you are familiar with the last decade or so, the enviroments are uninspiring, even when it takes place to Genosha, a place where mutants were living in peace until Sentinels rose the whole place to kingdom come. We have sewer levels, industry area levels, and many boring places. The combat tries to be over-the-top violent, but it doesn't have much excitement.But I believe it IS supposed to be like that, as Deadpool points out all those and making fun of them, becoming self-aware. The same way with Spec Ops: The Line, but being comedy.And what brings my♥♥♥♥♥♥down to a boil, is the price. This price is unacceptable for a game like this, especially since it doesn't have much replayability, besides some challenge maps (as usual), it's short and it simply doesn't justify this pricing.In the end, it all comes to wherever you like Deadpool or not. I like DP and his humour and the whole ride was exciting. Be warned though, it's 18+, not for kids."
,Recommended,224060,7493438,"Posted: 27 October, 2013",all,squee2088,"Deadpool, Merc with a Mouth... The games was AWESOME!!! in spite of the few times it crashed on my system. When I switched the game to windowed mode it solved the problems. Clever plot, interesting villian and a surprisingly user oriented level-up system. Often I will play a game for a while and then not finish it. This game, much like Limbo, got me hooked. I recommend it not only to any Deadpool or Marvel fan, but also to anyone who likes comical combo-based hack-n-slash games! This game is often very clever, even parodying with control types. I intend to play this again. I don't know if it's possible to max-out skills is one playthrough, but one way or the other I would like to see what that does for the character. DEADPOOL FOREVER!!! (Basically because he has no other choice...)"
,Recommended,224060,7912706,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,eliterocketeer,"I went into the game expecting subpar mechanics and some over-the-top humor; but I was pleasantly surprised.The fighting is your standard hack-and-slash against waves of enemies but (at least on the higher difficulties) I found myself actually using cover and swapping between weapons. The teleport ability makes combat very interesting - I often teleport behind enemies (especially the bigger, mini-boss enemies) and hit them from behind. I particularly enjoy that some enemies are almost immune to melee damage but very weak to gunfire (and vice versa), this requires players to assess their surroundings and modify their playstyle accordingly.The weapon upgrades are pretty repetitive, and it would have been nice to have this system fleshed out a bit more. But points are very easy to come by so this is more of a ""you'll get them eventually"" situation. The weapons themselves are pretty versatile and fun to use.The default controls are a bit weird, but I'm starting to prefer them to other hack-and-slash games. ""Q"" and ""E"" are your main melee attacks (player movement is the standard WASD, so most things are handled by your left hand). Gun combat is pretty standard - left mouse button shoot, right mouse button aim.The story is actually pretty interesting, and I really enjoy the tongue-in-cheek videogame commentary. Note that Deadpool is known to break the ""fourth wall"" quite frequently, which may not appeal to everyone. Deadpool's antics and dialogue actually had me laughing out loud at some points (but beware there are plenty of cliche jokes, particularly when it comes to toilet humor).The graphics are very good on the highest settings, and the environments are very interesting to play through.The game is very linear, but overall I was very impressed with it. It is a short game, so I'd probably pick it up during a sale (I bought it for $9.99 during the Autumn sale)."
,Recommended,224060,7386644,"Posted: 14 October, 2013",all,Codedred,do you like shooting baddies? killing people till they explode? or just plain like chimichangas? then this is the game for you! deadpool's bat♥♥♥♥♥♥crazy and thats okey because if you think its not he'll most likely shoot you with a random teddy bear that somehow has rocket packs in its♥♥♥♥♥and beheads you!
,Recommended,224060,7915005,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,wade.stopka,"yeah... definitely get this if you like killing things, blowing stuff up, deadpool, bullets, boobies, deadpool, psychotic geneticly mutated killing machine of awesome! Deadpool, bouncy castles, booty calls, and awesomeness!!! 10/10"
,Recommended,224060,7918227,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,virux070,"This game is HILARIOUS!!!. it is absolutely deadpool at his best/ every five minutes I laugh. there are a few noticeable bugs but they don't ruin the experience of the game. for every deadpool fan it's a must buy, but if you are looking for just some funny good time this is also for you. the only people who should not buy this are those who are looking for a hardcore action game.10/10"
76561198005115166,Recommended,224060,7903994,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,AdmlBaconStraps,"If you like Deadpool a a character, you'll love this. Hilarious to the max."
76561198088386745,Recommended,224060,7904646,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,L1ghtn1ngw1sp,The game is amazingly fun i got into this game which rarely happens for me ill play a game for half an hour and uninstall usually but this is worth the price its one of the few games i didnt uninstall.
76561198047215611,Recommended,224060,8167409,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,mr.dynamite,"for the hard core gamer who is wraped around the plot... this is not the game for you. however if you like dead pool and enjoy a little midless fun then i highly recomend it,"
76561198056469899,Recommended,224060,7755596,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Bronan the Brobarian,All I have to say is that this game is Deadpool. I mean it is Deadpool so it is awesome.
,Recommended,224060,5455936,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,= KoE = Dr Hofstadter,"The few gameplay errors can easily be overlooked by an ammusing typical Deadpool story, hilarity, hijinks and headcases. If you like memorable one liners when you are hacking someone into little bits, blasting them into little bits or filling them with holes, this is your game!Disclaimer Deadpool did not make me write this! Is that okay DP?""It will do for now!...BUY IT!"""
,Recommended,224060,7801271,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Sir Puddles,They break walls. Especially the fourth one.
76561198080834133,Recommended,224060,7817468,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Crane,Hilarious and awesome at the same time!!
76561198036035406,Recommended,224060,7821382,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,[NT_AS]AlbinoViking,Funniest and funest game ive played in a while
76561198061654782,Recommended,224060,6227811,"Posted: 25 June, 2013",all,johnnymarunouti,買え
,Recommended,224060,8405598,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,SPITFIRE :D,"Yeah, this game is really kicks asses! I laughed like a horse all the gameplay from the start till the very end. Jokes are stupid and main hero is a mean motherf%^cker. Aparts jokes, it has solid battle system and a lot of girls with BIG BOOBS!! Buy it and you wont be dissapointed. Recommended to all boys from 5 to 65 years old."
,Recommended,224060,8408156,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Shadow_WarHoundz,I would defiantly recommend buying this game its so freaking awesome this game is so goddamn addictive i dont know what else to say just buy it it sweeeeeet
76561197982658390,Recommended,224060,8408199,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Neutronium,In the same vain as Conker's Bad Fur Day.
76561198010274124,Recommended,224060,8409408,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Ellf,This game is a pretty accurate depiction of Deadpool in the form of a game.   I'm not sure there's much more to say than that.
76561198095067058,Recommended,224060,7235880,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,crosskiller,Awsome game i loved it funny as hell
,Recommended,224060,7956591,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Pistolslinger OG MOFO XD,One of the funniest games i ever played. Laughed all the time. Nice controls and gameplay. BUY IT!!!
,Recommended,224060,7964010,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Jay Tee,"Rude, Crude and politically incorrect, of course! It's deadpool. Complete with a plethora of adult humour and gratuitous violence.  A great game but definately not for the kids!"
76561198052590680,Recommended,224060,7874380,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,RobbyTheChaotic,"Really Great Game for Deadpool, tons of fun and jokes.  Downside is a stale combat system and doesn't have much in replay value."
76561198068173577,Recommended,224060,7874653,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,=AJSA= megadrivesonic,"If you are a fan of deadpool, you may be able to enjoy this game. However if you arent, its just a simple hack and slash game and thats about it. Overall its an average game but at least its fun."
,Recommended,224060,7876388,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Sir Master Bates,This is absolutely the most hilarious game you will ever play in your life... unless there's a sequel.
76561197969399312,Recommended,224060,7877339,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Blue eyes,it's Deadpool... 'nuff said.
,Recommended,224060,7877865,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Loki_uk,Sophomoric and sometimes the insanity is a bit forced - but great fun. Very console - which can be annoying at times. Not so much the Quicktime events (of which there are many) but the checkpoint system is a pain. However - fun to play! Recommended!
,Recommended,224060,7892095,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Cartoon Frames,"The addictive gameplay is reminiscent of Devil May Cry, and the Arkham series of games.But the humor is what'll make you play the ♥♥♥♥ out of this game.Which you should do, as soon as you stop reading this."
,Recommended,224060,26868388,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,thephreak47,Slaped the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of Wolverine 10/10
76561197967456501,Recommended,224060,26852144,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,YuuzhanV,"I got this game long before the movie, before Marvel pulled it from the store (then re-added it!)  Although it doesn't have a high replay factor, the humor kept me laughing throughout the entire game.  (You must be a fan of Deadpool though, otherwise you probably will not like this game.)"
,Recommended,224060,18283516,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,KimMeh13,finishing this game is worth all the time I've spent you can't go wrong with deadpool at all<3<3<3
76561197972729872,Recommended,224060,27028582,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,freedomisfreesxe,"Good game but very short. It has all the humor one could expect from a Deadpool video game plus some solid, if basic, third-person shooting."
76561198065008537,Recommended,224060,26932731,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ixios,"This game is full of sarcasm and dirty jokes. Also never underestimate Karma, it will catch you or your enemy in the most hilarious ways.10/10 would kill with a smile again."
,Recommended,224060,26932795,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Field Marshal Ginger Eater,"Love this, very funny!! I really liked how it was exactly the right amount of sarcasm for Deadpool.I disliked parts of it because occasionally I got stuck which was quite annoying"
76561198014695720,Recommended,224060,26945392,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,bumniss,"Really funny, a must get if your a deadpool fan, BE WARNED its not that long. Get it on sale and turm up the difficulty to the max."
76561198046404593,Recommended,224060,26964516,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,TIME_LORDS,"Wickedly funny game, so much ammo to use, and so many bad guys to kill. and so much innuendo."
,Recommended,224060,26808401,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jokrr,Very Strange but funny game love deadpools quirky remarks all round great game
76561197995711362,Recommended,224060,26811443,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,†DeatH>MeTaL<VictorY†,great display of deadpool!
,Recommended,224060,26887694,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Ulyaoth,"I highly recommend this game to everyone, who loves Deadpool and his humor.The game mechanics aren't the best, but i died laughing playing this game!"
,Recommended,224060,26888085,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,noise,Any fan of Deadpool needs to play this game!
,Recommended,224060,26892194,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,crosscut,gameplay and graphics are avaragebut the fun factor is hilarious
,Recommended,224060,26907781,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Twilux,I love the humor of deadpool!
,Recommended,224060,26917280,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Jimbodoken,"The greatest, or perhaps only, game with both Pitfall and Zelda minigames."
76561198019229730,Recommended,224060,26820262,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,dagonmt,If you love DP you will love this!
76561197972690411,Recommended,224060,26919571,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,KaukoSeta,A fun 3rd person game with a very Deadpool-esque humour. No holds barred.
76561198010568949,Recommended,224060,26837738,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Yajirobe,yay deadpool.... nuff said :)
,Recommended,224060,27018426,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Bad_Dagon,"Definitely worth the $$, anything with deadpool in it is worth."
,Recommended,224060,27681858,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Napalm Sticks to Kids,"Very generic, if you played Batman games then you can play this one.What sets it apart is the fact it does not take itself seriously, Pool will let you know when you suck, sarcastic comments congratulating you for finding the jump button.This game is filled to the brim with laughs, and yes Cable makes an appearance."
76561197968329361,Recommended,224060,7949345,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Ghost Requiem,"It's a Deadpool game. A pretty good one at that. Props to the animators and sound effects team in this game. Fans of Deadpools signature randomness and erratic behavior will love what this game has to offer.The combat is more spectacle than technical. It looks fantastic, feels fantastic, and sounds fantastic. It is however button mashy and deaths involves what feels like cheap stun locks and bad camera angles more than skill. Killing an enemy often times involves mashing buttons shiny things happens and bad guys go splat.Deadpool's options for weapons is pretty decent with each weapon handling uniquely. The ammo is limited enough that the player never spams a single weapon for too long but isn't limited to the point where conservation is ever a thing. It forces a rotation of weapons that require ammo and encourages melee to be mixed in.The counter attack does not feel as satisfying as say Rocksteady's Batman, but it still adds enough spice to the combat to keep from plain monotonous button mashing.Story is a strong word. Deadpool cares not for story for he shoots it in the face and promptly gets distracted by a butterfly on the windshield of a banana cream pie.Checkpoints are slightly frustrating with certain sections lasting a little too long than they should. Dying in those sections forces the player to replay those long sections often resulting in kiting around the map to avoid such events.Deadpool is very, very Deadpool. There's a lot of toilet humor, juvenile jokes, and of course the sweet sweet voice of Nolan North singing Maybe.It's a mediocre game with fantastic sound and animation quality but most importantly it has Deadpool! If any of those things flips any switches, it's a pretty enjoyable playthrough."
,Recommended,224060,7951029,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,ELEctricEyE,"a really fun game if you like hack and slash type games, funny,cheesy but enjoyable well worth the money spent on this, for 30 bucks its the best 7-9 hours you will find.(providing you like this sort of thing)"
,Recommended,224060,6586855,"Posted: 10 July, 2013",all,Ricochet,This games hilarious 90% of the time and is a good third-person shooter. the gameplay and voice acting is awesome
76561198056032861,Recommended,224060,5923993,"Posted: 9 July, 2013",all,Lucifer,"this game is indeed the most hilarious game i have ever played. the gameplay is really smooth too, the only big minus is, the game is just too short. and this really makes me sad, cause i just wanna spend hours with deadpool, he's just too good! well, i guess i'll play it again, right away..."
76561198067603792,Recommended,224060,6499965,"Posted: 9 July, 2013",all,StreetCornersHD,"Hammers, shotguns, grenades, super awesome powers, what else could you need in a game?"
76561198048278100,Recommended,224060,7929332,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Ubbesen,"7 out of 10if you are a big fan of deadpool like me then it is a game you should playthis game is funny as hell. I almost died of laughing Gameplay is normal hack n slash with upgradesthe main good thing in game is the jokethe game is just too short, I spent about six hours to finish the game"
,Recommended,224060,27770021,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,realremon,"I'm doing the tutorial of Deadpool and am enjoying the gameplay and banter of the protagonist so far.  I recommend Deadpool, especially if you can get it on a Steam sale."
,Recommended,224060,27767441,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,sonn31llon,Amazong game with as much tomfoolery as you would expect from this lovable goof.  very well done.
76561198067759153,Recommended,224060,27773074,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,church of options,"it had me at bounce house, kept me with tacos.everything deadpool should be.pew pew... pew pew..."
,Recommended,224060,27727379,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Crypt Lord,The combat gets old pretty fast but the raunchy style humor makes up for it if your a huge deadpool fan!
76561198109145678,Recommended,224060,27746534,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,noctisik,Funniest game.
,Recommended,224060,27615316,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,BrownieBear,"Hey, thats pretty good. :)"
,Recommended,224060,27648492,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Eskimo Jo,Best comedic game everrrrrrrrr
,Recommended,224060,27732896,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Aventandor,Crazy game
76561198200731493,Recommended,224060,27720367,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,dadypool177,this is game is amazing if you like marvel and fourth-wall breaking
76561198067113327,Recommended,224060,27740305,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,saorso,"Sweet,♥♥♥♥♥♥kicking revenge."
,Recommended,224060,27927351,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,netXfo,"You want Deadpool, you get Deadpool.Pro's and Con's of that game are quite balanced.Pro: It is DeadpoolCon: One should go with a controllerPro: Merc with a mouthCon: Some Potential wastedStill some low budget production with fancy nice graphics, just as the movie that came out recently."
76561197978076814,Recommended,224060,27352750,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Shrekels,"I was hoping for more from this. It is fun, and it's a decent representation of Deadpool, but the game isn't very long, which is my biggest disappointment with it.If all you want is to smash a bunch of bad guys in more or less random fashion, then this is a good game for that. But try to get it on sale."
76561197960292222,Recommended,224060,27071021,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Agent CraZy_DiP^^ 005,This games is amazingly hilarious! Fun combay and an entertaining story.
76561198060979557,Recommended,224060,27414749,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Allther,"this is the game everyone is searching for! wholesome fun for the whole family, even the kids!"
,Recommended,224060,27380176,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,KawaiiNekoChibi,"Deadpool is gr8, wish it was longer doe :^)"
76561198063355082,Recommended,224060,27372227,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,beowulfs.wiglaf,This game is great.
76561198002509823,Recommended,224060,27196514,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Havoc,"The most hilarious, insane game ever made.Not exactly a gem in the gameplay department, but makes up for it with humor and nonstop joke cracking, mindnumbing jokes from the merc with a mouth.An absolute must for fans of the chimichanga-commando, for everyone else: Buy it anyway, it's gonna be a blast!"
,Recommended,224060,27171901,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,LucasDenali,Deadpool talks to you...what more do you want
,Recommended,224060,26611147,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Skying High,"This game is comedy gold....and did I mention, there's tacos....LOTS of tacos."
,Recommended,224060,26605896,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,nich so,nice
,Recommended,224060,26720080,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Fishy,"This is definitely one of my new favorite games i have, its hilarious and fun to play, the comic,puns,jokes are just amazing, i play on controller which makes it way better in my opinion10/10!!!"
,Recommended,224060,27960855,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,❤Sound♥of❤a♥Corgi❤,This is bea
,Recommended,224060,27949420,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Solique,"Maybe not as good as a game itself, but the style and madness makes this worth your while"
76561197990672230,Recommended,224060,23100226,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,NineByNine,"A silly blast of a game. Ridiculous, somewhat mediocre in content, but wonderfully funny. Completed it in 10 (estimated) hours but it felt a lot shorter than that. I suspect some of my playtime was due to me leaving it running while I got called away for a couple hours here and there.It lacks content and longevity, and a reason to play it more than once, which are its major downsides.However the entertainment factor, the fact that even for someone who doesn't read comics and has basically a peripheral knowledge of Deadpool and X-men and the X-men marvel universe, it was still absolutely hilarious both in and out of combat, and with some GREAT spectacle fighter combat, mean that it still ranks as a recommendation for me.I'd suggest get it on sale because I'm not sure it warrants the £30 ($40) asking price, but honestly you'll probably have a blast with this."
,Recommended,224060,23160497,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,Leslie Nielsen,my favourite game! 10 milion / 10
,Recommended,224060,7516844,"Posted: 29 October, 2013",all,Baron von Arthur,"If you love the character and love the comics, it's really a great game to play through about once. Wait until the price goes down then get it. The whole game is one short single-player game, it took me about 4 hours to get through it and that includes load times, deaths, and genereal screwing around. There's not even any collectibles to be had.There are challenge maps and costumes, though. But in order to use the costumes, you need to unlock Infinite Mode on a challenge map -- then you unlock the ability to use outfits on that particular challenge map -- and you need to successfully complete bronze, silver, and gold difficulties on the map.+ Really challenging on harder difficulties+ Loyal to the comics+ Terrific voice acting+ Incredible writing+ Character backgrounds+ Rogue as Lady Deadpool segment+ Mr. Sinister+ The better the combos, the more points you get to spend+ The maturity/immaturity you'd expect from Deadpool- Very little replayability- Challenge maps are somewhat boring- Incredibly short story- Probably difficult for people who don't know the lore to understand the game- No Domino"
,Recommended,224060,24584583,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Gamechanger,"I recommend this game to anyone who is bored of the same old games, this one is unique and the jokes never get boring."
76561198028711579,Recommended,224060,24544579,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,E.M.J. ㋛,"Non stop hilarious & invokes a great feeling of being overpowered. Voice acting is perfect. Short but sweet in lenght, it doesn't overstay it's welcome which could otherwise be an issue with such a talkative & colorful beat-'em-up. Only complaints I have is that some controls are shared which means you may, for example, have intended to transport but you ended up attacking someone instead, or vice versa. Also the end fight concist of what I consider to be a common problem in videogames, namely *MILD SPOILER* waves of enemies upon enemies upon enemies *MILD SPOILER END*, which is just plain boring and feels lazy to be honest."
76561198070194820,Recommended,224060,17505042,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Mercer,total brainf**k xD a total crazy game i love this♥♥♥♥♥♥xD
,Recommended,224060,24025938,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,bewsa,Very fun and very funny.
76561198191711166,Recommended,224060,21431201,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,bjman678,This Game is Gold!
,Recommended,224060,24039378,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,VN.COH2-Leon,"As in the movie and comics, Deadpool the game continues to break the 4th wall every now and then.Plus it will insult you while breaking that wall."
,Recommended,224060,25334190,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,Silic0n Serp3nt,"TL:DR Deadpool is awesome and if you're on the fence about getting it, you have nothing to worry about. The game is awesome.Deadpool, similar to other superhero games, is a third person action game. However, Deadpool focuses on quick, smooth, and violent combat and it wants you to keep doing it and rewards you for doing such. In the game I loved the combat. I combined the guns and the combat, making up my own combos and being surprised by how awesome they were.The gameplay feels a lot like Metal Gear Rising. It's a steady mix of guns, blades, and hand grenades. After hours I still found it awesome to combine pistols, shotguns, and swords to kill all sorts of enemies.Basically, if you like action games and Deadpool, you'll get plenty of both here."
76561198062668414,Recommended,224060,27552616,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,{RtoB} Toqer_Smash,chimichangas!!!!!
76561198313756696,Recommended,224060,31214005,Posted: 18 April,all,Redeadfett,"Brilliant game! Perfect for any Deadpool fans and newbies. Definately follow the age guidelines though, not great for kids (unless they have grown up with sex jokes and more swearing than a devorse!"
76561198009127959,Recommended,224060,32748448,Posted: 24 June,all,Iksvomid,Even Death loves him.
76561198037747222,Recommended,224060,32747487,Posted: 24 June,all,Numb,"7/10:Negative:This Game is incredibly easy if you notice certain mechanics, its has a repetetive strict level design. You can't really explore the world.It's also very short (5hours with any minigame etc) and thats why i would never buy it out of an sale.Pretty boring brutality and nudity for an adult game.BUT: Positive:This game is totally crazy. It has the Deadpool we all love and thats the thing which doesn't only make the game even playable, it made the game pretty awessome.Short: If you like the comics/the movie buy it when its under 15€"
,Recommended,224060,32876125,Posted: 27 June,all,TheDreadingDark,"Amazing game, really shows true to Deadpool and what he stands for. If you love Deadpool you need to play this game, you'll love it."
,Recommended,224060,32684075,Posted: 23 June,all,Greentails43,"It's a fun game, I enjoyed playing it and listening to it poke fun at itself and others. No replay ability though and it only took 14.5 hours to complete all the achievements."
,Recommended,224060,27618878,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,derKoelle,5 goddamn stars for the funhalf a star for gameplay
76561198074720971,Recommended,224060,21701635,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,cranium1,It's like Arkham City with Funny.
76561197966891873,Not Recommended,224060,21762104,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Fatal Cleric,"Initially looked promasing with nice graphics and good humor but can't bind the keys and fails to accept anything but microsoft xbox controller on PC = fundamental game fail, unplayable, for those reasons only as I'm unable to comfortably test the game and refuse to give in to xbox bicrosoft fail controller I can not recommend this game."
,Recommended,224060,21762495,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,emilyallice,"Sweet gameplay, funny script, not boring to play at the very least. Worth a shot when it's on sale :)"
,Recommended,224060,19994259,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Wildow the Walrus,The real question is : How many people were brought here by the film?10/10 would slap Wolverine again.
,Recommended,224060,21515031,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,TraceTheKitteh,holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this game was amazing
,Recommended,224060,21580099,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,2Real,"Funny, a guilty pleasure"
76561198008145356,Recommended,224060,21545342,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Skeetr72,Awesome!
76561198017400483,Recommended,224060,3098538,"Posted: 24 July, 2013",all,The Creed AC,guys if you love comedy and hack and slash deadpool is for you he is sooo funny xD he game captures him so well if ur a deapool fan dont miss out
76561198217507525,Recommended,224060,21775113,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,claytonsimpson2792,"Wonderful, mindless, 3rd person fighter and shooter. If you're looking for a fun time with lots of laughs, this is your game! (Please keep away from children)"
76561198089936079,Recommended,224060,21788366,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,[DDYS] Gaming Ace,"the comedic effect is just the best, super funny. but in the corse of me playing this game i ran into 2 gliches and not the ones that deadpool knows about. like real glitches. falling through ground. the fight is just your tipical shooter but other than that i think the game is worth it in terms of the comidy. i mean he even knows that there are achevments"
,Recommended,224060,1070209,"Posted: 19 September, 2013",all,Zeph Sunstrider,"Hilarious game with countless ""wtf"" moments and lots of Deadpool humour. Not just something for comic fans.Best enjoyed with a controller in one hand and a beer in the other."
,Recommended,224060,21171256,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,lokikat52,"Typical combat moves, which is fine, I love the humor and plot for the game. Definitely had me rollin a couple of times. Would definitely recommned this game, but im not sure for full price. I got it when it was half off. Anyways, I'm really enjoying the game so far... hadn't had any errors, and gamplay runs smoothly for me :)"
76561198011349966,Recommended,224060,21349709,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,[GB] Kha☯s,Funny♥♥♥♥♥game!
,Not Recommended,224060,21261798,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Brandon657,A ♥♥♥♥♥♥ Devil May Cry game.
76561198279651680,Recommended,224060,21245491,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,cory,It is the best game ever!!!!
76561198283471165,Recommended,224060,21246350,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,影狐,"This is a fun game ,although more bugs,but game interesting and recreaational sex can make up for this problem.short game process,quality full of comic style,belong to die deadpool fans essential game"
76561198089882163,Recommended,224060,21302596,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Jcbw91,By far one of my favorite games. Needs a sequel!
,Recommended,224060,21244860,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Sheriff Narwhal,Do you like deadpool as a character and that sort of 4th wall breaking humor?if you answered yes then deffinitely buy otherwise skip it or wait for a sale.
,Recommended,224060,21243837,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,bionic_barry,"Best freaking game ever. Not for the game play, if anything, even with upgraded weapons, it was difficult towards the end. Bosses along with enemies that won't die. This game is the best because of the cutscenes and dialog. I laughed the entire way through. I hope the movie is half as good!"
76561198242826956,Recommended,224060,21242354,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,youknowsmr_g,"Say the magic words, Fat Gandalf.Excellent game very much enjoyed it"
76561198234870556,Not Recommended,224060,21240791,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,ceabs77,this game is boring and just lame
,Recommended,224060,21221870,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,AliOgun0022,this game is a 7/10 so far. When everyone says it's a mediocre third person shooter brawler I think the one caveat that needs to be clarifyed is that the story and whole package is mediocre. The combat though above average IMO. If you can get the game cheap it's worth playing if your a superhero fan. FYI the dialogue is decent although sometimes gets a little annoying. Expect Deadpool i.e. mature.
76561198153252839,Not Recommended,224060,21233308,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,boring94,This needs a patch. At the last level with those floating platforms. Its impossible to get across them because deadpool INSANELY stops in mid jump. Like there is a wall.
,Recommended,224060,21234276,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,GisRev-END_FED,"First off, this is a bit of a button masher, which I tend to hate games like that. However, his whitty banter, dry sarcasm and general insanity push this game waaaay over the ""Oh My God this game is so much fun!"" line.Highly recommend to anyone. To Deadpool fans: Why the hell aren't you playing this RIGHT NOW???"
,Recommended,224060,21230952,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,daveslayerv1™,explored deadpools apartment...literally urnited due to uncontrollably laughing!!!10/10 would uncontrollably urinate whilst laughing again!!!Edit: buy adult diapers your gonna need them!!
,Recommended,224060,21228546,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,HamRoleBlud,No doubt.. the best game i have ever played. It's so funny and it's got alot of action. Get this game when it's on sale because it's short (I finished it in 5 hours)
,Recommended,224060,21236927,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Special Agent Cooper,"Much like the film, Deadpool the game is an incredible IP."
,Recommended,224060,21265511,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,khaos,"played this in less than a day..... only because i couldnt stop playing, its funy its got a fair bit of gore funny, and insane great game all round defo a game to play, only con is when jumping to a surface, usually with a fall to death etc there is like an invisable hand that pushes you away. oher than that great game"
,Recommended,224060,21238233,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Zersto. Farmskins.com,这游戏太污了2333
,Recommended,224060,20050710,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Jahzik,"A unique game with a unique gameplay. Funniest achievements in Steam(e.g. ""Be Pretty"" in order to complete an achievement :D). The storyline is a lot of fun. No other game like this!I would rate this Deadpool/10. :D (9/10)The only con. in the whole game is that the game itself is short. For 5 to 6 hours you can pass the whole game. Still worth it though. :P"
76561198023537191,Recommended,224060,20349323,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Ereios,"I would reccommend this game only during a sale, It's nothing special in regards to gameplay but the dialogue from deadpool and supporting characters brings it up to scratch. Very short game for those who just want to do the story mode, there are extra challenges but honestly the gameplay wasn't unique enough for me to want to do the challenges, which left the game at about 10 hours length roughly."
,Recommended,224060,20407148,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Mcsantna,"This game was worth every penny. Even if just to see Deadpool in a dedicated game; but that, combinded with all the fan favorite traits, 4th wall breaks and all, it was still better even than expected."
,Recommended,224060,20449796,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Sugocy,"If you like the Marvel universe or some serious hack-slash and kill kill kill mixed with insane commentary througout the game, this is it. Deadpool is insane. Deadpool is funny. I seriously laughed so much during this game, jaw hurting much. There is no 4th wall, never ever ~ giving the game its charm.The game is not one you will play for months, the main story can easily be finished within 10 hours, but there is some great replay value. DP points, dont google the abbrevation just read the name of the game again, are collected via various way but mainly by creating multiple combo's in one go. These allow you to upgrade your killing arsenal. Besides the noticeable effects, new combo's do keep the game fresh during the story, which you havent read the script from.Gameplay: 7.5- Sometimes linear, but upgrading your arsenal keeps the game fresh and exciting. Killing everything and doing some really weird stuff from time to time.PC controls adviced to  customize! Tip: put evade/counter B on the middle mouse and relocate the weaponry buttons.Graphics:   8- Nice cartoon/comic style - really appriciated, allowed for a good cinematic translation of Deadpools crazy minds, yes plural.Sound:       9- Power of the game is in the combination of its cartoony style and the sounds/voice-overs. Directing himself to the player, constantly talking to himselfs, it suits the game and is perfectly implemented. Like Portal, but better;)Overall:      8.5- Its not a lengthy game, the gameplay is somewhat linear, but the scenary, sounds, voice-overs and combo's do add a lot of fun and even a few re-runs. Insanely fun, laughter garrantueed."
76561198041933219,Recommended,224060,20354501,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Sketchy Llama,If you are a Deadpool fan and enjoy hack and slash games it's a must buy while on sale. Even if you don't like Deadpool it's a pretty solid hack and slash with comedy thrown in to try to stave off the repetative levels.
76561198018241556,Recommended,224060,20462907,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,The Angry Goomba,"You can tell they rushed it towards the end, but I still enjoyed the hell out of it."
,Recommended,224060,20653801,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Grimheer,"Let me begin by saying that I picked up this game in a sale for £14.99 and I would only recommend buying it when it goes on sale.The game itself is a basic hack'n'slash style.  You have access to a selection of melee weapons (dual swords/dual hammers etc.) as well as a number of guns and grenades, all of which can be upgraded through the game.The combat is a combination of light and heavy attacks/combos with melee weapons and some 3rd person shooting.  It can become repetitive, but that is to be expected.The main thing that shines in this game is the writing and the comedy.  I found the game to be absolutely hilarious, and based on that alone I found a lot of enjoyment from the £14.99 price tag.So to conclude, this game is definitely worth a buy when it goes on sale.  The repetitive combat didn't really bother me when I spent the whole time laughing because of the brilliant voice acting and script writing.'Rude and crude with room to improve'"
,Recommended,224060,20484283,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,2Ltl2L8,"Awesome. gritty, funny, homegrown...slices, dice, chicken fried rice."
76561197988833604,Recommended,224060,7497977,"Posted: 27 October, 2013",all,Jetstream,Caaaaaraaaazy game!!! Very good graphics and excelent 3rd person action.
,Recommended,224060,4489391,"Posted: 6 July, 2013",all,Mujubius,"Deadpool is a funny game - great dialogue, awesome asides. I'm pretty sure that there's no medium (other than the original comics) that suits Deadpool better than video games. The game is at its best when it's being super surreal and breaking the fourth wall. Unfortunately it spends a LOT of time making you wade through pretty mediocre combat to get to the moments that make it worth it. If you can handle a whole lot of grinding, it's worth it. The game took me about 7 hours to finish but I'd have been happier for less combat and a game that was over in 4. If you hate grinding, just watch some playthrough videos instead."
76561197971288184,Recommended,224060,19989839,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,General_Store,"""♥♥♥♥♥ Slapped"" Wolverine for an achievement.Loads of daft humour, brilliant!"
,Recommended,224060,20133908,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,merp,"This game was a lot of fun. Definitely plenty of bugs, glitches, and other cons to it, but if you just take it for a bit of Deadpool silliness, it can make for a ton of entertainment. This is especially true if you have a kid playing with you who really digs Deadpool, as I did. I don't think this game is really for the serious gamer types, but for a casual gamer like me, it was just about perfect."
,Recommended,224060,20211250,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,DancefloorDale,"It's not as good as I thought it was going to be - very mediocre, but fun in the beginning. Bear traps introduce a good option for tactical use. All other weapons don't pack enough punch verses the difficulty of the enemies introduced. The perks system is kinda useless as is the weapons upgrades, which pushes the games point of the two mechanics in games are stupid. Other than that, not much else to really say but, buy this game at averydeep discount."
76561198023713376,Recommended,224060,20332607,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Einbar412,"This game was fun and funny, good mix."
,Recommended,224060,20330807,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,UltraIce_cream,"This is a good time killer.You get to kill people as your favorite talkative jackass ""super-hero?"" Deadpool.The game is loads of fun especially if you're a Deadpool fan.In the Imperial Guard they thought us to shoot mutants and you get to do that a lot in this game.The hacking and slashing is decent but It gets kind of repetitive.Thankfully the studio ""-HIGH MOON! WHAT ARE YOU DOING TO MY GAME!?"" comes up with a new gimmick on almost every new level to keep the hilarity high.The cut-scenes are surreal and trippy and just like the main character, this game suffers from a lack of concentration.If you're looking for a short game to keep yourself entertained, give this one a go, but don't tell the Commissar, he may shoot you."
76561198035793258,Recommended,224060,20329664,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Notsure,this game is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome and im 30 minutes in.
76561197981293023,Recommended,224060,21907779,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,flippy,Tons of fun but very short game was kinda expensive though.
76561198046426036,Recommended,224060,21894609,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Zortreax,"Dialogue gets repetive after a while, but it is such an awesome game.  I'm glad it is back on the Steam store, forgot to buy the DLC before it went away."
,Recommended,224060,21871136,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,PinkZach,"You should buy this game, it slices, it dices, it chicken-fried rices!"
76561197961012822,Recommended,224060,21843089,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Slaine,Thoroughly enjoyed every minute of it
76561198022090524,Recommended,224060,18180457,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,ZOMBIE UNICORN,best game ever. glad to see wade back on steam just in time for his movie. the game was funny and enjoyable. hope to see a second game soon
,Recommended,224060,18180496,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,IchiBanN,Welcome back My Friend!
,Recommended,224060,18157052,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,ucandana,lol is it cumback i already bought it ;)
76561198060610938,Recommended,224060,6175821,"Posted: 7 July, 2013",all,Twudie,Highmoon needs to stop making games like this. I'll go broke. The gameplay was solid hack n'slashacular and the story was stupid kinds of funny.
,Recommended,224060,17428658,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Direwood ﺧ益ﺨ,"Steam shows only 3 hours, but as at the time I got the game my pc was not strong enough to run the game I got it for the ps3 and completed it twice. Enjoy the Review.https://youtu.be/IWfHw7V7hmI"
76561198162173735,Recommended,224060,17414775,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,FROSCH!!!,10/10 ign
,Recommended,224060,17842382,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,zufilico,"OHHHHHHHHHHHTHanks to bring back, and will have new dlcs?"
76561198186396395,Recommended,224060,17876062,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Spiderdust8,"I played this game two years ago on console and I thought I had a good time with it. Yeah, the gameplay wasn't great but the cutscenes and the setups were quite memorable. So now I'm playing it again, this time on Steam, and in part because it has been re-released, and there's the looming Deadpool movie, so there's hype, and whatever...What I'm finding is a game that is, yes, memorable for its antics, but this time around I'm more observant and critical and this game is actually quite terrible:The comedy in the cutscenes doesn't actually work. It is built on smash-and-grab surprise such that it doesn't leave you time to think about what you just saw. Oftentimes it relies on the crass, like pooping one's self or reaching for girl's boobs. Psychotic, infantile garbageGunplay mechanic is broken. It tells you to hold the left trigger to lock on to enemies, but this only works about 30% of the time. Furthermore, shooting near wall cover never works, even with clear line of sight. Your shots are just negated. Some of the ranged targetted shots do not register, so what bullets you have are wastedRanged attack hit detection fails. Enemy soldiers are bullet and grenade sponges, and even a cooked grenade and/or a clear shot will barely take 20% of their health. The more reliable offence is to run through the line of fire and hope that your melee attack will be faster than the health drain. Up close, the enemy fire will hurt you much more rapidlyRelentless enemy fire, from afar and up close. While your firing mechanic seem ineffective and broken, enemy fire is always 100% accurate and faster than humanMini-bosses are amazingly fast and efficient for their size and can be quite hard to take down. They swat you up close, so melee attacks rarely work. They are bullet sponges, so firing on them is ineffective. So one of the only tools is to set bear traps. Bear traps keep them stationary and vulnerable. But you rarely have any in your inventory and there is no means to replenish them. So fighting these beasts can seem more like running around the area, fumbling through your inventory and hoping you might catch a solution. But you have to concentrate on taking down one of them at a time because the double-barrel attack of two or more mini-bosses is hard!Some mini-bosses drop special weapons. These seem like a relief but for reasons above, concerning hit detection and targetting, these super-weapons can be a waste of timeWeapons are expensive to purchase. There are no freebies because enemy weapons aren't dropped to be picked up and added to your inventory. Mini-boss weapons are restricted to their area so you can't take them with youAlso, because this game knows just how hard and exhausting it can be to take down one mini-boss, it spawns two more after the first. And then more regular enemies after that. As if enough is never enoughAll the points used to spend on upgrades feel futile. Weapons do not seem to get any better and your health, despite all the augmentation, doesn't seem to make you more resilient to attack. So basically the game challenge is that you're always underpowered against your enemies and you have to be quick and/or lucky to complete an area. Deadpool has regenerating health but good luck finding a safe place to rest and recover. The maps are designed to keep you exposed to ranged attacksAnd in spite of all my negatives about this game, I can't help but keep trying because the challenge is part of the fun. And I have felt challenged but not overwhelmed, frustrated, or defeated. It's a stupid broken game, but it is still playable, and I like it."
76561198125885205,Recommended,224060,17847010,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,ミス・サマンはモデダ,this game is awsome but the combat gets a litte repeditive. if your a fan of the charecter dead pool and like his style of humor then you will not regret buying this game8/10
76561198033780876,Recommended,224060,4202478,"Posted: 2 July, 2013",all,I TheRyno I,Come on! it's Deadpool! Buy it already!
,Recommended,224060,17442694,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,bubbaste,"Wow, they hiked the price up for its return eh? shameless bandwagonning. Nevertheless, its a fun game for sure, not entirely certain its worth the new price considering its age but it runs well and i had lots of belly laughs playing it, if you like the humor and are a fan of Deadpool then I do recommend it. Alas there isn't a ""kind of recommend"" so I will have to thumb this up, because I have had tons of fun with it and was lucky enough to have picked it up for the lower price on release."
76561198121477724,Recommended,224060,17445447,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,JediNick01,The gameplay may be repitive but if your fan of Deadpool like me this us a must buy. The humor also makes this game amazing. THIS IS A MUST BUY FOR ANY DEADPOOL OR MARVEL FAN!!!!!!!!!
76561197975669980,Recommended,224060,692842,"Posted: 28 June, 2013",all,sleepya,this game is crazy and fun dead pool is the best
,Recommended,224060,17133616,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,fearlesswaffle,"good game but found a glitch in ten seconds with the computer in the start, if you do everything in the kitchen, the living room and blow up the blow up doll then go to the computer when you tell him to get up he doesn't"
76561198027713442,Recommended,224060,17134446,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Scissorman,"It's back on Steam. Now you have no excuse to not play it.It's a mindless hack and slash made even better by the endless humor and wit of Deadpool. Nolan North brings the character to life like never before and breaking the fourth wall has never been more satisfying. Combat can sometimes be a chore and the game is pretty much 100% fan service for diehard Deadpool fans, so if you don't read the comics or understand the character everything in this game will go right over your head. If you DO love Deadpool, High Moon Studios does a fantastic job of giving you everything Deadpool with its fast-paced humor and over-the-top violence and vulgarity."
76561198093345698,Recommended,224060,17117271,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,I AM SALT,the best game ever
,Recommended,224060,27372226,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Keleth-Ran,"This is the best game with Deadpool, yes there are others but he is the star oif this one and it is totally awesome!Deadpool gets to slap Wolverine around a lot, repeatedly! What's not to like?So Many Laughs, So much Fun!Disclaimer: Deadpool did not have a gun to my head at the time of writing this review! Honest! (Help!)"
,Recommended,224060,27481741,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,GeneralNero,"This game is ♥♥♥♥ing incredible!It's been a while since a game made me laugh so often!It's also a game where you can rage as hell!I've started the game on the highest difficulty possible for ♥♥♥♥♥ and giggles, Ultra Violence.Eventually forgot where the upgrade menu was.. and played the first 65% of the game with only my handgun, shotgun and swords.Ultra Violence already is insanely hard as a lot, and I mean A LOT of enemies can one or two shot you. Now imagine playing that while being limited in weaponry.. Re-playing certain levels 20-40 times because you get one shot because of a stupid mistake!Great game, worth every buck! It's in sale often so best to grab it during one.10/10 would die 40 times again."
76561197997310161,Recommended,224060,27483219,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Azuruth,"Possibly one of the most funny comic book related video games i've played, and it really fits well with the comic character of Deadpool and just feels right"
76561197966437362,Recommended,224060,27503069,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,AnthroLizard,Needs more chimichangas!
76561198042052301,Recommended,224060,28238386,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,TheUnbornSilent,It's ♥♥♥♥ing Deadpool baby!
76561198135419610,Recommended,224060,22525776,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,xXTrumpTrainXx,sTILL ONE OF MY FAVORITE GAMES 3 YEARS LATER
,Recommended,224060,27488407,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Fluffeh Crowley™,"Loved this game when it first came out, and still love this game even now"
76561198164961862,Recommended,224060,27488452,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,RubberBullets,"Flying cow... nuff said.This is a little gem in my collection of games as this one offers non stop laughs with action. getting to the next cutscene or section just to see what deadpool would do next,"
,Recommended,224060,27497759,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,HartZ,"10/10,  huge fan deadpool. I know your reading this. Plz don't blow up my house."
76561197981241580,Recommended,224060,27499549,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,DeusExVino,This game touched me in my bathing suit area.10/10
76561198004459621,Recommended,224060,27500361,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,FaultierLover,Super Awesome Deadpool Fun Time!!!
,Recommended,224060,27505243,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,RageMellon,"Funniest game I've ever played. 0 Replay value though. Some levels/jokes rely on steam achievements, etc, which only work first time round..."
,Recommended,224060,27425510,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Selvanius,Smells Like Victory!!!!Best Craziest game I've ever Played
76561197995249148,Recommended,224060,27391290,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,schizophrenicalm,"Pretty dope game, especially if you can pick it up for $5.  Kind of short but true to Deadpool's style with good graphics and a decent story."
,Recommended,224060,8397409,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,*BLAST*-ninja-,"DEFINETLY RECOMMEND! this game is awesome. i really love games that don't take themselves to seriously and this is perfect. there is awesome action, good solid gameplay, great characters and great story. Deadpool is hilarious. there were a few parts where i would let myself die so i could go back and hear a joke or play a part of the game over just because of how funny it was. definetly got a second playthrough. you keep your perks after you beat the game so a second playthrough on a harder difficulty is a lot of fun."
76561198025259376,Recommended,224060,8397659,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Shipwreck,"If you enjoy Deadpool then you will probably enjoy the game. The game doesn't take very long to beat but the jokes are funny and the game play is cool. Though, I wouldn't spend more then 10 or 15 on it."
,Recommended,224060,8397879,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Hellsknight,"So i played this earlier in 2013. I must say it is my favourite new game of the year. Its basically an arena shooter/slash em up staring Deadpool. If you do not know who Deadpool, Cable or any of the x-men are, you might not like this as much as me. If you are a Marvel fan then you will love this. Deadpool is nuts as a hero. The humour in this game is hilerious, i have never played a game where i have hit the escape key in the middle of a tough spot just to crack up. In terms of gameplay and controls, everything is pretty tight, i did have more fun playing with a contoler though. The grraphics are decent, and the writing is awesome. In terms of replayability, it has a game plus and challenge mode that are ok. I prefer the game plus mode using weapons i didn't use in the previous playthrough.Anyways, pick this game up, High Noon Studios do amazing stuff with the liscences they get."
,Recommended,224060,8399177,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Drowsie,"If you like Deadpool's humor, you will like this game. If you have never read his comics... you should know rocks dont make great houses. There will be crude references, lots of violence, and the game will not really ever take itself serious. But it does have a interesting story, in a Deadpool kind of way, and references quite a few things from the comics. And there is a pretty legit pool side moment. Bang Bang... Oh, and try Marvel Heroes. It is free to play, so quit being lazy. Add me. We will pal around. Unless you are too wierd. Then I will block you while youre logged off."
76561197987816691,Recommended,224060,8399504,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,NoPantsMan,"Impossible to recommend at full price, practically a no brainer at >$15 for fans of Deadpool and/or pseudo beat'em up Third Person Shooters (ie Oni, Blades of Time, BloodRayne). Infact I'd be willing to say that Deadpool manages to come in just shy of the top tier third person slashers like DMC/Bayonetta. This is more due to the fact that it's somewhat average core mechanics are propped up with some entertaining and memorable setpieces along with some fairly strong writing in terms of comedy.It's undeniably a bit of a masculine power fantasy game so your millage will certainly vary if you're looking for balanced and reasonable characters. But for all that I've seen people say about Deadpool's game, the game does a reasonable job of laughing at his attitude towards women without really glorifying it. Games quite short and that's the main reason I wouldn't recommend it at full cost."
76561197986593337,Recommended,224060,8399506,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Ser Lyonel Baratheon,"(TLDR down the bottom, thanks)I bought this on release on account of being a big Deadpool fan. Truth be told I expected major disappointment but I have to say, High Moon Studios did an amazing job in capturing Deadpool's character. If you're a fan I'd recommend the game, if not then you don't have much to look for here. The gameplay does enough to keep you going, with an average progression system and multiple weapons (4 melee, 4 ranged and I believe 4 throwables (grenades, mines, etc)) to purchase access to with the points you've earned through murdering anything with an opinion. You also have access to some 'Super-moves'. I found it all rather gimmicky, I loved unlocking the weapons and such for the sake of using them, but I ended up using the duel Katana's throughout. The hack and slash aspect is enough to pass the time when trying to progress through to the next dialogue/story sequence, but is hardly innovative, not something a gamer would go out of his way to experience. Also, I know Deadpool looks like a ninja, but don't expect a focus on stealth sequences, they are few and entertaining for parody's sake.At the end of the day, you're playing this for Deadpool. The dialogue will keep you entertained and there is enough of it spread out throughout the game to keep you well satisfied, or at least it did for me. That this game chose to include little minigame segments that aren't really there to punish or reward the player, but show off just how insane Wade is a fantastic choice in my opinion. The addition of other big marvel players (Cable, Wolverine, Domino, etc) is minor to the story but still, it's what you expect to see in the Marvel Universe and frankly between Cable's theme song and getting to B***h slap Logan, I'm sure no one would complain.TLDR; Gameplay is average. Deadpool is amazing. Play this for Deadpool."
76561197979396064,Recommended,224060,8399985,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Dr. Baxter Stockman,I thought this game was awesome. It was a grat mix between the Batman Series and old Devil May Cry. I think all the people who thought it was a tad short are just whiners as I loved evey minute of this game and would recommend it to anyone thats even thinking of buying it!
,Recommended,224060,8400362,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,foxmf11,"Amazing Game, very funny all the way through with a control system that anyone could use no matter what style of game they are used to. lots of fun and worth the money. the only bad thing i have to say about it is it is too short."
76561198119823830,Recommended,224060,8402170,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Centerion62,This game is my legidimate favorite computer game. Its hilarious action packed intense and downright FUN.
76561198067186070,Recommended,224060,8403257,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Peace,"Deadpool is a funny game at times, sometimes it wants to be funny and fails but you will get some giggles when playing it. The combat is basic and gets old and it feels like the enemies become bullet spongy later on in the game.I enjoyed playing this game. It was fun for a bit then got boring at the end, trying to kill so many enemies. Overall a good game at best."
,Recommended,224060,8403935,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,MacLein,"Awesome Game!Yeah. That is a gun in my pants. But that doesn't mean I'm not happy to see you...©You look familiar, did I spin you like a beanie propeller and leave you in a motel room in Dubuque?©"
,Recommended,224060,8392507,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Josh,Best Game ever!
76561198276467316,Recommended,224060,28687304,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Psycho_Crimson-Ginger,an amazing funny game its gamplay keeps you playing deadpool does alot of one liners so whats not to like if you like deadpool i reccomend this game
76561198235537456,Recommended,224060,28699374,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,KDWin,"Deadpool, what else may i say? Oh yes. Deeeeeeaaaaaaddddpooooooooooool!!Amazing"
76561198047455977,Recommended,224060,28682731,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,smokeinmyeyes2,"Fun game, decent selection of different types of game play.After 20 hours, you'll start getting a little bored, but the story will keep you going on."
76561198037249706,Recommended,224060,28663320,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Death Shmeth,A very under rated game. I really enjoyed playing it and it has reply value as well. Thumbs up from me . If you love Deadpool then you will enjoy this game.
,Recommended,224060,28617409,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,ｍｉｃｏ^,This one should've be the Legit Game of the Year. No Questions. 10/10
,Recommended,224060,27533008,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,xTrueLegacy,Most funniest game I have ever played.
76561198219695464,Recommended,224060,27447014,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,dingobite1,amazing game even for the times
76561197971688247,Recommended,224060,28777682,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Toquinha1977,"As games go, it's alright, although the humour can get a bit grating after a while. I was able to finish the main storyline in less than 24 hours (medium difficulty), which puts it as a pretty short game with limited replay value (although I did start my second replay on max difficulty). Issues with camera come up during combat and generally, it feels pretty repetitive. If you're a fan of the character, go ahead and give it a go."
76561197970408752,Recommended,224060,29130204,Posted: 8 January,all,squishysdomain,"If you like the Genre then you will like this game.The most ironic thing about Deadpool is that here is a character that is made for computer games.  He heals, naturally and quickly.  There's no silly mechanisms to plague you - its in his nature :o).  So, he is the perfect vehicle for a 1ps.The missions are a bit old school - linear mazes with predictable staged enemies but it kinda works in that it does not take much thinking about.  If you get shot up a bit too much just lie low until you heal and go back in for some more. Only at the end does it get really challenging  with the innevitable final boss fight.   Its good mindless fun in the way the Wolfenstein - the new order should have been."
76561197963093122,Recommended,224060,138831,"Posted: 1 July, 2013",all,Deadpool,You will love it!
76561198112561280,Recommended,224060,31814323,Posted: 17 May,all,Baconator,"LOVE THIS GAME! Im a huge fan of Deadpool and MARVEL and if u LOVE deadpool like me u need this game! Funny saying, Funny storyline, just the best game =)"
76561198123287377,Recommended,224060,31893314,Posted: 21 May,all,hexstrike,best game I have ever played
,Recommended,224060,31759303,Posted: 14 May,all,Zach,This is a hack and slash/beat 'em up game with Deadpool humor. Is there really much more that needs to be said about it?
,Recommended,224060,32516620,Posted: 17 June,all,Transperize,"As a Deadpool fan I can say that I had a blast with this game. It's funny, runs smoothly for the most part, and is a lot of fun in general. It is a bit repetitive but that doesn't ruin the expericiance for me and I dound the combat very fun. It's not just a great Deadpool game but it's just a really good game in general. 8/10"
76561198004663390,Recommended,224060,32484715,Posted: 16 June,all,OMG Its Karter,"There were a few mechanical issues with the game that bugged me a little. The camera during combat gets too close, and you really can't see anything that's going on most of the time. While opening chests, while there are few of them, it was really buggy. You have to press the button more than once to get a chest open.I felt like a lot of the ""clones"" were actually stronger the Sinister (the main boss). Either that, or the Hammer LB+Y move is severely over powered. Any time I had a big battle coming on, I would use that and kill everyone immediately.Overall, I enjoyed the game. It gave me 7 hours of gameplay before i beat it, and I took my time and kind of explored around for coins. I only played it on the medium difficulty. I'd honestly recommend just playing on Hard. I'm sure it would make it much more challenging. For the most part...I felt invincible. Which is what Deadpool is...but it left for little challenge to beat the game, really."
,Recommended,224060,28779965,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Red Tarantula,"If you enjoy goofy humor, then this game is for you.Deadpool is one of my favorite characters of all time. The game is so immersive, you just can't stop smashing enemies and slapping the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of Wolvie!Btw, got 100% out of this game. All achievements. Some were tough, but I certainly had fun."
76561198325208863,Recommended,224060,30182006,Posted: 25 February,all,Baxpac3,"This is one of the best games I've ever played. If you like stupid, violent fun action games with a hilarious protagonist and an over the top, insane story, I would recommend this 100%!"
,Recommended,224060,28689157,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,mage,"No new game mechanics, but it's light-hearted enough to warrant a playthrough when you've got some time to kill. I'm don't think I'd replay this game anytime soon, but it sure was fun having Deadpool break the fourth wall every now and then."
76561198008335018,Recommended,224060,25796769,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Ironsights,"Well. I reall enjoy Deadpool as a character, love the comics, love the movies. I had to do the game. It had to happen. Now that it has, I am really glad I picked it up on sale. The long and short of this game is it is hillarious, loads of laughs and generally amusing. It is otherwise exceptionally mediocre. Some elements of hack and slash, some of shooter, and a few of platformer.What's good: The humor is great, as are the character acters. The graphics are acceptable.What's bad: glitchy movement, frustrating camera, painful keyboard controls, button mashing. Only 6 hours of gameplay. The ""challenges"" are just repetitive crap, ala the batman arkham asylum series. For that matter, the combay is similar aswell, just worse.What terrible: Cannot skip cut scenes. The game's difficulty decides to go from 3 to 9 for the lasat stage, meaning it becomes frustrating instead of fun. The last boss is literally such♥♥♥♥♥♥to deal with that having beten him, I wasn't even happy to have beaten the game. I felt more like I had won a fist fight with my best friend...glad its over and kind of sore.If you like deadpool then buy this game. If you are looking for a good game, move along."
,Recommended,224060,30254999,Posted: 28 February,all,CHA0T1C EN1GMA,"One of the funniest games I have ever played, right up there with Matt Hazard. Simply a must buy if dead pool is one of your favorite comic book heroes!"
,Recommended,224060,18189628,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,TheYKGames,it is DeadPool of course it will be amazing *_*
,Recommended,224060,24581848,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Miss Raptor,It's pretty good but a bit boring once you get to a certain point in the game. The puzzles are also super difficult but good I guess. I think this game overall is really good though.
76561198077910235,Recommended,224060,29409844,Posted: 21 January,all,Jen,"Everything about this game is classic Deadpool, from the violence to the crude humor to the fourth-wall breaks. If you love Deadpool, then you really should play this game!I highly recommend using a controller with this. The keyboard is very difficult to get around and I couldn't make heads or tails of it."
76561197987319836,Recommended,224060,29462228,Posted: 24 January,all,Z 28_Mechanic Eng of Q8,"First of all i rarely write a review, which means this game deserved it.Many games are the same but with different story and graphics, yet this game is very intuitive and creative and different, the way the character (deadpool) react to your behaviour during the game is very nice, also the way that shows how careless he is is also fantastic.Nice game but would like an improvemnt of the gameplay, specially the wieght of the character, dont know how to explain it but he seems so light which is old fashioned thing."
,Recommended,224060,2448027,"Posted: 26 June, 2013",all,Blackimus Prime,"Don't play this if you're easily offended by vulgarity and foul language.  Otherwise, it's a well-made third person shooter/slash-em-up with plenty of Deadpool.  They did a really nice job portraying the character, and we get to see a few cameos from big name X-Men and X-Force characters on top of it."
76561198066705372,Recommended,224060,29733518,Posted: 5 February,all,Defender#328,"The question is, why are you looking at the reviews? It's ♥♥♥♥ing Deadpool? Why isn't it in your library?"
,Recommended,224060,29696355,Posted: 4 February,all,Vegan Guy,"This is a good game, obvoiusly it was entertaining, it was funny but not hilarious, i am afterall not a child. however it did keep me occupied for 5 hours which is the one downside, it is short. other than that the achievements are fun and the cameos from other heros are nice. plenty of blood and dismemberment. the controlls are fluid, i only remember 2 or 3 areas where the collision was off and i ended falling off cliffs or whatnot, no problem really. i would recomend getting it on sale as a 5 hour campaign may not sit well for less than $8."
,Recommended,224060,1915378,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,red.jar,"Was not familiar with Deadpool before, but liked what I saw in the ads. I can only say WOW. As a character, Deadpool is crass, immature and bats**t crazy - but he had me rolling in laughter on a regular basis. This game doesn't take itself seriously AT ALL, and that's what makes it great.In terms of control, the combat feels fluid, simple and rewarding - moving between slashing and shooting is easy, and the momentum specials are entertaining.Overall, I would recommend this game, doubly so if you are a Deadpool fan."
,Recommended,224060,27815095,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,vilzujunior11,Good Game
,Recommended,224060,31758038,Posted: 14 May,all,Myra,best game ever lul haters gonna hate
,Recommended,224060,32354706,Posted: 11 June,all,Hentai,Game was ok first time playing it after that the game is pretty bad if you complete it.
76561198005900222,Recommended,224060,32361964,Posted: 12 June,all,fitoou,Awesome!
,Recommended,224060,4530138,"Posted: 23 July, 2013",all,Nabgeta,"Simple Hack n Slash fun, but with Deadpool comedy!!!"
,Recommended,224060,33656622,Posted: 19 July,all,AwwSkiSkiSki,"THE ONLY REASON I'LL RATE THIS POSITIVE IS BECAUSE IT'S FUNNY AF!!!Average button mashing hack n' slash. GET IT ON SALE! Gets really hard at the end with a really long time in between checkpoints. Decided it wasn't worth my time anymore, I'm guessing it was the last level."
76561198063121518,Recommended,224060,33716476,Posted: 22 July,all,Salty Turret,"I can't promise you'll like it if you're not a fan, but if you aren't a fan I you should probably learn more about Deadpool, I wouldn't tell you to play it before knowing more about him from the comics, you'll apreciate him more if you do."
,Recommended,224060,18346601,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Braves,"If you love games that break the fourth wall, this is DEFINETLY your type of game! Deadpool is the Merc with the Mouth! You will love this game."
76561198001330049,Recommended,224060,33925146,Posted: 31 July,all,juzzza1,It's Deadpool... nothing more to say
,Recommended,224060,33928942,Posted: 31 July,all,michaelx25a,very good game that had me laughing at multiple times. alot of breaking the 4th wall jokes in here..only complaint is game gets very repetitive with the combat but still worth the playthrough. but buy it on sale for around 19 bucks.
76561198017126502,Recommended,224060,18182359,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,standaloneworld,"While it is by no means an innovative or refined third person hack'n'slash-run'n'gun, Deadpool will keep you entertained from start to finish. And if you're a fan of the Merc with the Mouth, then getting this is a no brainer.It's one of those games you can finish in a few hours, pick it up in a few years and enjoy it all over again."
,Recommended,224060,785712,"Posted: 15 September, 2013",all,Jon,Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥this game is good
76561198171965287,Not Recommended,224060,25857459,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Siep,Game is to short
,Recommended,224060,619917,"Posted: 25 September, 2013",all,empty,"If you love the merc with the mouth I'd say buy it, But if your on the fence, wait until the price drop and hit it up. I bought it for 50% off, and it was a good buy for that price. But for full price it isn't worth it.Game play : Its a hack and slash that brings nothing new to the table, but fun.Graphics : About average for a hack and slash.Total time to complete on veteran : 6 Hours.Deadpools antics are the best part of the this game."
,Recommended,224060,34777609,Posted: 6 September,all,newblood40,"Jokes aren't exactly original but had fun with it anyway. Besides, it's Deadpool. Who doesn't love that ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥?... Probably Wolverine."
76561198219443840,Recommended,224060,34588851,Posted: 29 August,all,🍑 - Trent - 🍑,Funniest game ever
76561198330050858,Recommended,224060,32755833,Posted: 24 June,all,Bloodone,嘴炮为主，动作为辅，神经刀对话无敌好么
,Recommended,224060,460117,"Posted: 27 June, 2013",all,Malix,"Stupid awesome, certainly Deadpool. Most likely for fans only, though."
76561197985766901,Recommended,224060,18148879,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Methusalhem,"The controls are♥♥♥♥♥♥ but what a funny game, even with those controls it adds something to it. :)I'm  a fan of Deadpool and read the comics, but this game nails it. :DA game created by our hero himself go figure who is talking to us ""The player"", ""sweeeet""Going to lmao a little more :D"
