user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,224460,7794212,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,DDCP,"Just finished playing the game; about 4 hours to complete. All achievements and collectables unlocked.This game was an absolute pleasure to play. It's a short indie game telling a mature story of a young girl and her broken family trying to come back together as they make painful choices, solve difficult situations, and all the while unraveling a mysterious tale of science & intrigue closer to the heart than expected.I understand this may not be for everyone... but the deciding factor I believe we should all consider is this is a very affordable, small-team, indie game worth experiencing. That said, the amount of storytelling I experienced was amazing.If it is worth anything, I have a background in animation as a storyboard artist... I am especially keen to stories that feel ""thought through"" from start to finish, and not merely trying to get to certain moments or even the climactic finale just for the sake of it. Surprisingly the story has quite a few sad & heavy scenes that really tug at the heart.  Stay for the end... it's incredible.The difficulty is quite easy, and that may throw some people off... in my opinion however I enjoy story over challenge, so making all the collectibles glaringly obvious throughout only made me focus on their content and how it intertwined with the story rather than the pursuit. This is very subjective, so those looking for a hard time may be turned off. I've read here & there some having troubles with the shadow puzzles; this again is a tough one, as I got through all of them pretty easy... the most I spent was maybe 20-25 minutes on the last act's few big ones... still, the visuals and little rewards you are given with wonderful voice acting or visual design was well worth it.Speaking of voices, the acting was tremendous. I especially enjoyed the voice of Didi, as child voice overs can sometimes be a hit or miss.Visually the game is an absolute joy to experience. Didi and Dawn are interesting, and I even grew to love the wonderful silhouettes of the characters around them. The soundtrack is very well thought out and you can clearly see the sound & visuals were designed hand in hand to compliment each other.I know reviews can be a subjective mess for some, but I hope this helps in whatever way it can! I'm a pretty level-headed, patient man who really appreciates good art & story. If this isn't your cup of tea, I again remind you it was a fifteen dollar purchase that definitely wouldn't make you regret the experience.I'm not a hardcore ""anti-big publisher / developer"" gamer, but I do want to say, humbly, that games like this make me so hopeful and excited about indie games. They provide an intimacy and patience in story I don't see often enough in the AAA titles.Warm regards,DDCP"
,Recommended,224460,17782112,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,icaroferracini,"Contrast is a curious combination of pros and cons...The game has an amazing soundtrack that you can feel at the title screen, even before you do anything. It will be the first thing you will notice.The second one is it great visual and art from the 1920s. Every character and level are beautiful and the light and shadows effects are pretty nice.Them you get to know the story and, what a good plot it has, you will enjoy it even more when you get the collectibles and find the hidden pieces of information in the levels.The problems start when you actually have to make that jump, mixing the 3D and 2D gameplay the game brings. The controls doesn't respond very well and, I must warning you, you will fall to your death many times...There is only one thing that annoyed me more than fall a dozen times in a row, and her name is Didi. You have to do everything she says all the time, I mean, you must take care of her but Dawn could think a little for her own, it won't hurt.There are only one or two moments that Didi actually helps you and, after that she is your boss and you must just do what she says. That was the negative point for me.Contrast is a pretty short game, in about 4 hours you will achieve 100% on it. After all that I still recommend it for the experience, story and the great visual and sound it has, but not at full price, buy it on a special sale."
,Not Recommended,224460,13367580,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,MrNinjaSquirrel,"There are so many cool ideas floating around Contrast without a vessel to carry them.A puzzle platformer focused around shadows in a wondrous 1920's Paris, it showcases so much potential but fails to utilize it into something compelling. There's a sense developer Compulsion Games wanted to do a lot more with the concepts they introduce, but whether for time or budget reasons were forced to dial back and condense the experience, the results of which are often middling at best.Contrast opens itself from the start with a desire to tell a dark, complicated story of a family split apart, with a husband in debt to some bad people, a mother who just wants the best for her child, and said child blissfully unaware of the trouble surrounding her as she just wants both her parents back. It's promising beginnings however are quickly cast aside for poorly written reunions, characters that seem to recognize the own stupidity of their actions yet follow them anyway, and a juxtaposition of science fiction elements that are all rushed and strung together as if the writer lost sight of the narrative halfway through and began grasping at straws to tie it all together.Everything interesting about Contrast's plot, from its world of shadow people, impossible environmental deformation, and female led cast are underutilized and painfully unexplored. I wanted to know more about what was happening but all I ever got were a handful of documents left lying around which sketch out a scenario so haphazard and contrived that the story is worse off for including them. Compulsion went through the trouble of making a great environment for your character to explore, but stretched it too thin while simultaneously having nothing to discover if you want to deviate from the set path. It's a lifeless, sterile city that seems so mysterious from afar but ultimately has nothing to show you as you make your way through its barren streets as quickly as possible.Contrast's main mechanical hook of being able to jump into shadows is on paper really neat and creates an immense about of possibilities for puzzle designs and world navigation, but like everything in Contrast it's underdeveloped and poorly implemented. The places you're able to shadow jump (for lack of a better term) are fairly minimal, and you spend more of your time walking around in the real world lifting boxes and trying to control your finicky character. When Contrast works it's tedious and does a lousy job explaining its mechanics, opting for style over engaging gameplay which gets lost under the mountain of technical issues.Your character moves awkwardly as if it's a puppet trying to break free of its strings. I was constantly clipping on edges while attempting to platform onto places I needed to, and even simply entering shadow mode failed more often than not, sending me careening to my death as an obnoxious restart sound bite played for the umpteenth time. Audio, graphical, and performance issues round out the family of technical incompetency that more than anything sell home the fact that Contrast needed more time in the oven.With how great the foundation of Contrast is, to see it come together in such a halfbaked manner is truly unfortunate. There's a very clear vision amid the mediocrity that the developer had much bigger plans than the neutered length allowed them to execute, which makes it so disappointing they weren't able to hold the game back from release until they could be better implemented. I hope this isn't the last I see of Compulsion, but I pray they're given a better time frame for future projects that allows them to capitalize on the potential they almost completely missed this time around.You can read more of my writing onKritiqal."
,Recommended,224460,7695467,"Posted: 19 November, 2013",all,Petite Fleur Sasha,"Contrast is a mixture of dark noir atmosphere and puzzle-platforming adventure. One of the real treats of the game is the music - perfect jazz and sexy voice of Kat Malenkaya (what a nice character name). The main  theme reminds me of a song ""I wish you love"" from ""Eye of the Beholder"" and Jessica Rabbit's ""Why don't you do right"". It is so romantic, sensual and emotional. Dawn is a very interesting main character (now I want those striped leggings), but I want to know more about her, her mysterious story was not fully told. Contrast is a game full of beauty, the dialogs make you sympathize with characters, 1920's Paris, the lights, burlesque and the circus are absolutely gorgeous. There are couple dissapointments - the movements (jumps) are glitchy and the game is too short. Thats it. For me - it's definitely worth playing."
76561198094504316,Recommended,224460,32752194,Posted: 24 June,all,fairymorph,"Let me start with, this is my favorite game on steam. Its not my favorite because of its complexity or its stunning graphics (although the artwork is beautiful and animation very well done), but for its quaint story and the way in which the story is revealed. I have found other games that use this same tactic to include plot with puzzles, but this game is the one that left a lasting impression.This game is a short, atmospheric, clever platformer with a lovely and intriguing plot. You unravel the mysteries of the chracters as you solve shadow puzzles and gather collectables. I only ever play on pc and the controls arent as awful as people claim, as I was able to maneuver the characters just fine. The puzzles don't get dull and there is variety in how the plot is revealed to you which I appreciated. All in all great game, great soundtrack, great concept, and great art. Purchase if you appreciate small cute stories and puzzles and perhaps the noir era."
,Recommended,224460,13862387,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Maxyall,"This game is a piece of art, An art doesn't have to be lengthy, exciting and action packed. An art is what makes you feels something...This game is short, The story is simple, but something in it makes me feel so attached to Didi and Dawn, Two girl in the shadowland with big romantic blue moon above noir street. This game makes me feel lonely and abit sad because the world you are in, nobody can see you, and you can only see their silhouette. Only person who can see you is Didi, a little girl who lives in both world.Environment design and music is superb! the only thing that fraustrate me is that sometime you got shifted out of the shadow with no reason at all.9/10 <3"
76561198054050389,Recommended,224460,12667609,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Sársauki,"1 word: LOVELY.This game truly is a piece of art, the most charming game I’ve ever played. The artwork is gorgeous and simulates a surreal, detailed world in an atmosphere similar to France in the 1920's. The soundtrack is also amazing and fits the game and environment perfectly. Contrast is overall quite original, from the shadow-shifting between two different worlds to the special artistic style.It takes about 5 to 6 hours to complete. You could think this is rather short, but the delightful artwork really makes up for it. This game really is a story-driven experience, so if you're not into this, maybe this isn't really the kind of game for you.I really like the story and the characters. They did a great job on the voice acting. The story is touching, lovely and well thought out, kind of mysterious due to the two different worlds. In the end, I still don’t really know which one’s “real” and which one isn’t.The puzzles are special because of the shadow-shifting mechanism. Each puzzle is different, fun and challenging, not repetitive in my opinion.Sometimes the game's a bit buggy, like the shadow-shifting mechanism between 3D and 2D at certain moments. The camera can also be a bit buggy and clumsy sometimes, but it doesn’t ruin the game.Something you need to know: you can't change the controls. The game works with a QWERTY-setting, so keep this in mind. You can also play this with a controller, which I think suits the overall controls better. I still have to try this, though.If it’s in sale, buy this immediately. Totally worth it."
,Recommended,224460,7745083,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,zinnia,"★★★★☆The game was enjoyable, so enjoyable I got everything thus far. But it isn't perfect. The controls are noticably stiff at times, but one can argue that this is purposly design because your character is walking around in heels. Not much opened endedness, which seems like it should but you are stuck on a one way path. But, the good things about this game is the platforming sections and it's unique ""shadow"" mechanic. The platforming feels like it wasn't just a another ""ok, let's just put this here, that there, and this over there"" kinda platforming. I honestly felt like I was playing in a Banjo and Kazooie style platforming, something crafted over time and really thought about, not just something crafted in a few minutes. The story is kinda there, and not. Your character is utlimately ignored in the main story, only a few people will talk about your character. But they never provide much information about you, and your character never talks either...so that doesn't help with this mystery about your character. The game can be done in a matter of minutes, or a few hours, it all matters on your skill level and how fast you are capable of beating platformer games. But, I will tell you this, you won't regret this experiance if you liked banjo and kazooie."
76561198049930974,Recommended,224460,12594232,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Bambi,"Contrast.. is a rather intresting little gem, it takes less than 6 hours to complete fully - but the ride is so enjoyable and the mood is hit perfectly that I really have no regrets. I will however touch on a few issues; the controls - the whole shifting into shadows and out again sometimes bugs out, tossing you out of shadows for no actual good reason. In addition, some puzzles require you to stand in a specific place before it'll show you the progress, having spent about 30 minutes trying to make an impossible jump I face palmed fiercely when I found out by accident that I simply needed to walk onto the shadow of a cigarette.However, those two issues aside? The game is worth the money, I wouldn't say you're getting spoiled rotten with content, but you will get an appealing little tale, with decent graphics, amazing music score, and a fresh take on the platforming genre."
,Not Recommended,224460,7666540,"Posted: 15 November, 2013",all,The Root Of All Evil,"I really want to like this, and there's a lot to like. It's pretty, it's got a good story, it's got fantastic ideasBut...it's sloppily coded in a small area. If you've played The Milkman Conspiracy on Psychonauts, you've already played better.Huge possibilities, awful execution."
,Recommended,224460,24980153,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,JacquesLeSauve,"Before I begin the review proper, I'd like to take a moment to acknowledge what a complete f*cking idiot I am.When I first played this I went through it entirely using mouse and keyboard, despite the fact I was frequently grumbling about how heart-breaking the controls were and the slight but still awkward disconnect between button press and character. But I still persevered because, well... sure, I do have a control pad, but since the mouse and keyboard were already hooked up and I was already in my pyjamas, I was hardly going to lean over a couple feet to my right to grab and connect a controller now, was I? But before writing this review I decided to give it a shot just to be sure, and damn, am I a complete f*cking idiot. It was a revelation. The difference might be small but the impact is massive, and that tightening of movement and control pretty much eradicated the major complaint I had about the gameplay. So I've learned my lesson, control pad for 3rd-person games from now on. Though, whichever control method you use, you should still find a lot to love about this game.Contrast is a 3D, semi-open world puzzle game with platforming elements. You play as the mute Dawn, an acrobat and circus performer... and also the imaginary friend of Didi, a precocious little girl living with her single mother in 1920s north America (I can't pin down exactly where it's set, as the world has a very European or maybe even Parisian vibe to it, but everyone has an America accent and dollars are a thing here. So possibly Canada? I dunno). Didi likes to sneak out with Dawn and follow her mother to watch her perform at the cabaret club at night, but this has landed her in trouble as authorities threaten to take her into care away from her ""negligent"" parent. And so, Didi and Dawn set about trying to make things right again, helping her mother reconnect with her estranged father who is down-and-out and in hot water with the mob, but also means well and is trying to do right by his family. What follows is an equally whimsical and saddening tale of a young girl's adventure through the dark world of grown-ups and her own upbeat imagination.The main hook of the game is Dawn's ability to shift into the world of shadows. Simply move up to any wall with strong light and shadows against it, and you can change to a 2D silhouette. But what's really clever is allowing the player in some cases to move objects between the wall and light source - or even the light source itself - to adjust the shapes and sizes of shadows for some platforming puzzle shenanigans. Sometimes these can be a bit fiddly as you might find yourself having to repeatedly re-adjust and finesse the exact position of things around in order to progress, but that's probably to be expected given the nature of the mechanics of play and would be all but unavoidable unless the movement of everything in the environment was severely limited.One look at a single video or screenshot should tell you all you need to know about the beautiful art design. The slightly dark, grim world being completely overshadowed by the colourful and elegantly animated Dawn, with only her and Didi appearing as solid models, while every other character is shown as a silhouette against a backdrop of any given scene. This is partly a happy accident due to the time and budgetary constraints of the developers and wanting to keep animation costs down, but a lot of credit does also have to go to the direction of the game and its intention of portraying a child's feelings of isolation. As too does the voice acting and music and audio in general. It's incredibly easy to have kids be annoying and grating in anything they appear in, but whoever voiced Didi did an amazing job at making her a lovable and sympathetic character that we want to see happy, which is lucky since we're essentially escorting her for the whole duration of play.With my five hours or so with the game I did occasionally have my issues with it, like some awkwardly executed puzzles (which, in fairness, may have been the mouse and keyboard controls getting in the way more than anything). But overall, I have little but kind words to say about the game, and even though I'm a bit on the fence about the ending, I like how open they left most aspects of the game. There's a lot of room for interpretation as the lines are heavily blurred between fantastical reality and hopeful imagination or the perception of Didi's own view of the world. The game has a lot of creativity, style and heart, and I really think it should be rewarded for that when so few other games seem to get that mix just right. As happy as I'd be to play a sequel in the future, even if this is all we ever see of the world of Contrast, I still had an amazing and mostly joyous experience that I wish other games would take note of and be adventurous or confident enough to try themselves."
,Recommended,224460,19556144,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Orge Lambart,"Contrast is a very beautiful game, it has a unique and interesting art style, the music is top notch, and the game play is pretty unique with using light and shadow to travel.  The story is pretty compelling as well, it has quite a few heavy subjects done in a way that seems genuine and not just thrown in for shock value...  The game has a few somewhat open areas to play through in each Act, the game is comprised of 3 acts,  each act will probably take about an hour or so.  The puzzles are fairly simplistic, although that isn't really a bad thing.The story centers around a little girl known as Didi, she has an imaginary friend named Dawn, often being left alone at night so her mother can preform Didi enlist the help of her friend Dawn to sneak around in a landscape which is set in 1920.  Going along with Didi, the player (Dawn) will be introduced to numerous interesting characters shown only via their shadows.The length of the game is rather short, I have 11 hours clocked in but over 8 of those hours were from  idling cards while I slept.  I played the game completely and got all the achievements in a little under 3 hours.I'd recommend this game for the gameplay, interesting art style and compelling story.  I personally found it well worth the price I paid, but if you are a stickler for games having a lot of meat and potatoes, I'd think you may be better off skipping out on this one.  Fans of good games will enjoy this in spite of it's short length.."
,Recommended,224460,16441117,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Gottheart,"Contrast has to be one of my all time favourite games. The puzzles are very unique, making you think outside the box.Working with shadows and lights, makes for a very different atmosphere and way of thinking. I am just absolutely in love with this game.The only downside is the story line isn't as full as it could have been. But I know the developers were low on funds and time and had to cut a MASSIVE part of their plans out. Looking forward to their upcoming game :)"
76561198131421664,Not Recommended,224460,15242070,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,randomguyrock,"Great premise, potential to be amazing but ultimately falls short.Puzzles are to simple, It setups for a great story but doesn't do much with it.The shadow mechanic has potential for very complex puzzles with moving light sources, but boils down to pulling a leverto rotate machines on a fixed path until a path opens.Also very short, I completed the story, found all the collectables and got 100% on my first playthrough in only 4 hours"
,Recommended,224460,17970865,"Posted: 10 September, 2015",all,Sleepies,"""Shadows talks, didn't see the people walks""May be let the shadows to represent most of the characters is not a good idea. First few minutes find it special, after that it just become dry and plain.Good:- Good direction of design to show a 1920s world- Great soundtrack and vocal- Interesting graphic for interacting real landscape, lights and shadow- Puzzles are unique- First half of story is attractiveBad:- Have good mysterious story beginning but ends up with rush and waste- Checkpoint in later game insufficient, once fallen or exit the game needs to redo previous 15 min solved task- Some shadow platform moving puzzle is pure ""Trial and Error"" experiment, which is tedious- Only 2 real world characters (and one is mute) is too weak for the story line- Neglect the Trial and Error time, the whole game is short and around 3 hours to completeVerdict:Get it on big sales only, it's fun to try but not very fun to complete itScore: 6.5/10"
,Not Recommended,224460,8561974,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,krimhorn,"Contrast is an interesting game. 3D in the main world, 2D in the shadow world. Puzzles are built around the concept of traversing shadows to get to places you could not otherwise reach. Unfortunately the execution is lacking. The game is VERY finicky when it comes to where you can enter the shadows and if you get even the slightest bit off while in shadow you'll pop back into the 3D world and have to begin what you were doing from the beginning.Further, there's no educating the player going on at ALL. Studying Half-Life 2 and Portal's puzzle education should be mandatory for all aspiring puzzle game developers. On several occaisions Contrast throws some new concept at you and forces you to realize it's there. The end result is a game that you're fighting with in order to play instead of one you're figuring out. Frustration abounds, not because you cannot figure out what to do, but because the execution has to be pixel perfect or you have to start over.I would LOVE to be able to recommend Contrast. I really would. The music, the art style, the gameplay concept, the story of a kid with a troubled home life seeking to fix her world in any way she can. It's all great, but the core mechanics are just not there. Perhaps with some polish Contrast can become a game that I can recommend. Until then, only buy it if you reall love platformers AND it's cheap."
76561198035054806,Recommended,224460,13146079,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,sara_bear,"This game got a lot of love in it's production. Sweet graphics. Smooth controls. High production value music. A nice story to boot.If you enjoy platformers on any level. Noir, France, Burlesque, imaginary friends.. any of those asthetics. Or even just a really well made game. You have to buy this."
,Not Recommended,224460,12453700,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Mykwon,"Contrast starts on a very clever gaming mechanism but ends up falling short. The story is dull, the characters are botched, the game-play is repetitive and the controls are clunky. The whole game can be 100% completed in one seating of 4 hours.That is a pity because the premise of this game, the atmosphere, the era and the soundtrack are top notch. All the ingredients were there to make this game mythical. However, the poor execution ends up ruining the show and the whole thing feels sour in the end."
76561198079313108,Recommended,224460,24874626,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Mink2016,"This game has a great story, fantastic graphics and a captivating concept. I love the idea of merging traditional platformer with 3D story-rich. There is however, one MAJOR flaw that has nearly put me off even trying to finish this game. There is no way to actually *save* your game. Instead you are at the mercy of the game's ridiculously spaced out illogical autosave points, which are not even properly indicated when they activate. Apparently the developers think that everyone who plays their games are all day games who never ever have to close their game in between sessions, so be prepared to lose ages worth of work in one go because heaven forbid you have to shut the game down! I read in one of the earlier discussions that the idea of a tradional manual save point was ""discussed and dismissed"" by the developers, dumb move! If your'e going to force auto-save only then have a LOT of autosave points, I'm losing interest in the story and the concept because I have to keep redoing the same frustrating tasks over and over again every time I launch (and please dont' say I should just leave the game running, that's bad for your machine and I shouldn't have to...manual saves in story/task-risk games are expected features for a reason!)"
,Recommended,224460,24754892,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,SpaceCouncil,"Teal DeerDevelopers:Compulsion GamesPublishers:Focus Home InteractiveInitial release:Nov 2013Genre:Platformer, Puzzle, Adventure#Worth/NotWorth:#WorthExposition, Concurrence and SummationContrast is a 3D puzzle platformer with an interesting noir-ish art style that stems beyond a purely visual effect.InContrast, you control Dawn. An imaginary person for most intents and purposes; The imaginary friend of Didi Melakaya. A troublesome gal whose parents have had some hard times. Totally understandable and relatable hard times.From Dawns perspective the world seems rather empty, as Didi is the only person she can actually see manifested in non-shadow form. Dawn is rather unique in that she herself can turn into a shadow. As a shadow she can walk and interact with other shadows and this is the main aspect of puzzle solving in the game.Moving light sources and traversal of the 3D platforms as well as the traveling between the two dimensional shadows allows for some interesting puzzle solving. This can be slightly mind bending at first while some puzzles suffer from mildly clunky controls but it's not that big of a deal in all fairness. Dawn seems to be a fairly lanky character and moves rather quickly for the size of the environment. This is a very minor thing but it's just something I noticed that threw me off a little.I mentioned that Dawn can become a shadow and that Didi is the only person she can see. All other people in the world are only shown as shadows. Though their voices can still be heard. Gives it a very noir feeling aside from the art style itself. I have always seen Dawn as more than an imaginary friend of Didi's creation and much more of a “how she sees herself as an adult”. Her inner desires manifest for the sake of gameplay and story telling device.The voice acting is very good indeed. Didi's father being the most noticeable without having to do much research. Quickly recognizing him as the same actor that played Aden Jensen from Deus Ex.I actually finished this game a while back but decided to revisit it briefly in the wake of “We Happy Few” from the same developers.THE GISTWell made character adventure puzzle/platformer with unique art style.Follow my curation for more"
76561198014146141,Recommended,224460,14909502,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,°vǿĺčǻņǿqûǻƙë°,+Developed world(s)+Art design+Voice work+Music+Shadow strife+Mooooonnnn+Contrast 2 would be great with the same music era choice-/+Story can be a bit odd at times-Puzzles that can get very annoying-No way back to uncollected Illuminaries without a new game-Can become a bit buggy with keyboard commandsOverall a fun game that is worth buying even with some of the problems.
76561198076535403,Recommended,224460,25354986,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,kingsdude,Great game!  I loved the mechanic of switching into and out of shadows.  Projecting a light through a gear and then climbing its' shadow to an otherwise unreachable place was awesome.  It is also a short game which is nice for us older players who have kids and a 40 hour work week.  Great game! Good Story. Enjoy!
,Recommended,224460,23663739,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Child of Carnage,"Flawed, but interesting. The animations are dated, the levels pretty lifeless and the primary mechanic isn't used to its full potential, but there was a sequence or two I thought was interesting and I think games like this are important and should be experienced."
,Recommended,224460,7796146,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,S1nGeN0r,"Contrast:  This is a game of light and shadow. A simple three-dimensional platformer where a flick of the wrist turns into a two-dimensional platformer. Such a decision we have already seen in several projects, unlike Contrast - to use lights and shadows to create and manipulate level elements.Contrast short game: Three acts can run for 2.5-3 hours, even with search collectibles and secrets. The final stories are so predictable that they are even insulting. The visual style and mood of the game promises some mystery , detective story or drama, and as a result we get some banal family history, a place that in some lowly daytime drama. A pity.Gameplay:  This puzzling platformer built around the ability to turn into a two-dimensional character shadow. You press the button, the camera hangs somewhere on the side, and Dawn leaves from himself only a shadow in the form which overcomes obstacles and chasms . Depending on the shape you need to change the situation: a break in the wall will not go through the shadows, but to circumvent it in bodily form can be easily. On the other hand, the flesh will not leak, for example, through the glass, but the light (and shadow) will penetrate through it without any problems.Emotional Impact:  The emotional impact that you receive from the story is the jewel of Contrast.  This leaves you with a very memorable performance throughout the three acts.Visuals:  Incredibly stylish and beautiful thing. Almost every game screenshot can be long and enthusiastically regarded as if considering - a jazz fan, retro, cabaret and burlesque - the pleasure is doubled.Story:  The whole essence of Contrast - in the plot. Didi not the happiest child in the world : the parents at odds , mother rambles in the entertainment business , his father trying to deal with their problems , but even more breaks in them. But meanwhile, the sly little Didi goes into his inner world - a natural reaction of protection against the constant attacks of the vernal world. And the inner world in turn leads you, purely friendly shadow named DawnSummary:  Contrast is a game full of heart, beauty, and at least a few excellent puzzles. It’s at its best when it marries its poignant story to its platforming, and at its weakest when it’s about moving boxes, but it rarely goes very long without showing us something worth playing."
,Recommended,224460,17048082,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Budi,"Contrast is a puzzle game with a mix of 2D and 3D platforming. It tells the story of a young girl named Didi who is cought up in the middle of a broken relationship of her parents. It's thick with noir atmosphere.But you play as Dawn, a mysterious woman who can transform herself to a shadow and run on the walls whenever there is light. This is when the 3D gameplay changes to 2D. You can use same abilities in the 2D and the 3D world. Which aren't much, movenent, jump, interact  and dash. There is no combat in this game, but on one scene you need to use your wits to overcome an enemy.The world and the characters look great, although the world is really empty. You can only see Dawn and Didi in this world. While others are shown only by silhouttes and this only happens in small cutscenes and other storytelling parts during the actual gameplay. The Jazzy soundtrack is really great whenever you get to hear it. Voice acting is top notch, highlight for me was Adam Jensen from Deus Ex: HR (Elias Toufexis) narrating a children's story!The problem with the game is that it feels unfinished. Odd hit detection, impresice controls, glitches and abrupt ending. Furthermore it's really short, but even with its current lenght it mostly needed improvements on other areas. Some of the story is also explained with the collectibles only, so if you want to get the whole story you need to collect those.Fun little game that clearly needed few months more developement time before publishing.[Score: 79]"
,Recommended,224460,8544134,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Cygnus,"Take a moment here to remember your childhood. Remember how afternoons after school could be filled with fantastical worlds brought forth from the trees, the rocks, the tall grasses in the backyard or the field near your neighborhood: all you needed was your imagination. Remember as you went to sleep at night and stared at the shadows in your room, sometimes in wonder, and sometimes in fear of the shapes they made. Remember how life could be magical in the most ordinary of things and how, as you grew older, you longed for the days when reality didn't have to be so damnedrealall the time: homework, bills, politics, relationships, family...That longing is at the heart of Compulsion Games' lavishly realized and gorgeous platformer adventureContrast. Set in 1920s Paris, it paints a dreamlike world of cobblestone roads, nightclubs, and carnivals, all of which will at once remind you ofBioshock Infinite'sart deco atmosphere, the simple drama of Hollywood's Golden Age, and with perhaps a helping of the musicalCabaret. Didi is the young daughter of a quarreling nightclub singer mother and a sometimes-there father who is trying to strike it rich with some shady investors but, as often is the case with shadiness, never quite seems to get a break. Didi copes with all of this with the help of the player in the form of Dawn, Didi's tall, waifish, silent imaginary friend, and the game leads Didi and Dawn through the nighttime town trying to help her family with their woes. To say any more of the plot would be a disservice to you, so let's move on to the gameplay.Anyone who recalls making shadow puppets on the wall as a kid will instantly feel in tune with the core mechanic here which involves Dawn's singular ability to become a shadow on the wall, quite literally. There is a sense of astonishment every time the game opens up a new platforming section because it is all done with light sources: streetlights and spotlights are switched on and suddenly and quite beautifully make the most ordinary setting, like the facade of a storefront or the walls of a hotel, into a visually striking obstacle course for Dawn to traverse. While sometimes the gameplay could occasionally be a tiny bit tighter, it never gets old to ""shift"" into shadow, and you will be challenged to think in some strange ways to solve some of the puzzles in your path. This is a mechanic as new and different as Portal's portal gun and it's something you will remember long after Didi and Dawn's story has concluded.That conclusion, unfortunately, comes much too soon as this game is quite short on the order of four or five hours, although you could spend a long time marveling at the charming art style of the characters and the setting of the moonlit Paris suburb, not to mention looking for and gathering each of the areas' collectibles, which add little distinctly artful flairs to the main story here and there. Normally I would find this too short of a game, but I can't bring myself to complain and here's why. A lot of story-driven games want to say and do a tremendous amount of things in the course of their stories, because, understandably enough, the developers want to have as many opportunities as they can to wow the pants off you with crazy setpieces and wild spectacle. The trouble with that is they almost always seem to get off course somewhere along the line and it can feel like a total sensory overload that in the end leaves you reeling, and not always in a good way. (I'm looking at you, Bioshock Infinite.) ButContrasthas a single story to tell through Didi's young eyes and, without distracting you with twenty different characters and eight bizarre environments and thirty different weapons, Compulsion Games excels at telling it, a very ordinary, touching, human and absolutely enchanting story. One of my top games of 2013 and I very much hope it receives the wide recognition it deserves in 2014."
,Not Recommended,224460,31929559,Posted: 23 May,all,karthikprashanth87,"Contrast is a puzzle platformer with great atmosphere and some very clever puzzles that make use of the unique light-shadow mechanic. And it has a pretty decent familial story set as the backdrop. However, and this is a major problem, the platforming is made extremely difficult by atrocious character movement that is floaty and imprecise. For a platformer this is  a make or break thing and I feel the developers missed the target here. However it is a relatively short game at about 3-4 hours. So if you can tolerate the imprecise platforming which leads to multiple cheap deaths, Contrast is a pretty decent game to spend time on."
76561198007376863,Recommended,224460,34185407,Posted: 12 August,all,Opulence,"Short and sweet. Nice puzzle platform game. There are some instances where you need reactions rather than intelect to comlpete task, but overall it's a perfect mix.I wouldn't say it's a game with replay value.  Once you've completed the main story I don't see why you'd ever revisit it."
76561198029144567,Recommended,224460,34846716,Posted: 9 September,all,Aboody,"Masterpiece!Pros:1- Creative idea.2- Intriguing story.3- Didi is adorable.4- Great noir soundtrack.Cons: Too short.My favorite character is, bravest knight in the kingdom, savior of princesses, the one and only, Fred!"
,Recommended,224460,12679367,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Isorun,"Contrast is a good game for people who are just starting out in the puzzle genre, but the more experienced puzzlers will not face any big challenges when playing this game.The shadow mechanic is interesting and the puzzles are fun, but there aren't very many and they aren't hard either. I was expecting something more and a lot harder. The larger puzzles still only take a few minutes to solve. If you're looking for a real puzzle game, you will be dissapointed.However, the atmosphere of the game is great: the puzzles tie in nicely with the story, the collectibles (documents and photos) are actually worth collecting, as they add some background to the story and the story is quite funny at times.If you're looking for a challenge, this game probably isn't for you. If you're looking for a nice story with a bit of player interaction, you'll most likely enjoy this. However, I'd suggest you wait 'til the game is on sale, as you'll easily play through it in under 4 hours.In short: Are you looking for a good story? Get this when it's on sale, it's very enjoyable but too short! Are you mainly interested in puzzles? Better look for a more dedicated puzzle game."
,Recommended,224460,11052690,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,shqke,This colourful and atmospheric game will put you as beautiful shadow inside 1920s film noir dreamscape to help a little girl solve problems with her family.
,Recommended,224460,25282387,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Azrik,"A puzzle game where you become a shadow to traverse shadows on walls to complete various objectives helping a little girl named Didi to solve various problems she has.Pros:+Clever puzzles+Good atmosphere+Interesting charactersCons:-Can be buggy at times-Controls can be akward sometimes though this isn't a problem most of the time-Very shortI did enjoy this game, but it ended far too soon. My advice: Pick it up during a sale. It is worth playing, just not sure if it's worth the full price."
76561197987843932,Recommended,224460,24247006,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,spessu_sb,"Contrast is a puzzle platformer game which is set in a noir athmosphere. The game is about shadows and you proceed in the game by utilizing light to cast different shape shadows to create walking ground. You are a person named Dawn and you're an invisble friend of a little girl called Didi. You aim to help her with her problems such as finding out what her parents are doing.Contrast is running on Unreal Engine 3 so the performance is good and you can do some tweaking of things via the config file if you want to. It is somewhat annoying how you are being basically just funneled in the game majority of the time. Didi runs somewhere and you're supposed to follow her. Though, you do option to decline and instead hunt for some secrets and collectibles which help you with locked devices and tell more background to the story and kinda enlighten the events which are currently happening.Game is really short. According to steam I finished this just in 3.6hrs. So I'm not really sure if I could recommend this at the retail price of 14,99€, since the experience doesn't last that long and there is no additional things to make it last longer, such as difficulty settings or some extra modes. I'd say.. get it if you can get it for atleast 50% off because the lenght really is short. Then again.. considering how the story goes.. It might not be bad thing that the game is so short because you can actually ""buy"" the story still. Maybe if it went on for longer, it would get tedious?So final thoughts.. Get it from a discount, play with a pad or m+kb (I played it with a ms xbox360 pad and it worked well) and enjoy it."
,Recommended,224460,32008655,Posted: 27 May,all,Thomas.j.hartnett,"Gorgeous artwork, inventive gameplay, an engaging storyline - and did I mention how exquisite the artwork is? It's not a terribly complex game - once you get a feel for how the puzzles go, you will find yourself able to move from location to location pretty quickly - but there's just enough variety here to keep things from getting rote and boring. The final act was surprisingly moving.One word of caution - because of the mechanics of moving between the physical world and the shadows, and teh trickiness of a handful of the jumps and maneuvers one must make to complete certain puzzles, a game controller is strongly recommended. I was stuck at one point fairly early in the game while playing with mouse and keyboard, but once I played with a controller I was able to progress with ease."
76561197981438917,Recommended,224460,11016221,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Play refreshed ©,"Story, Gameplay, Graphics = TOP   10/10Game-Duration = short (5-7 hours without Achievement Hunting)    05/10Would i buy this game again? Yes, when it´s on sale, like now! So get it - 50% off is absolutely ok!For me the Surprise of 2013!"
76561198008692494,Recommended,224460,12525126,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Dr. Sedula,"Contrast is an exceptionally good game, if you enjoy what it does.The sterotypical 12-year-old Call Of Duty player, or the stereotypical Madden-fanatic dudebro, are not going to like this game, nor are they going to understand what makes it so cool, or so fun to play.But if you're the kind of gamer who can appreciate beautiful visuals, innovative gameplay, and a story-driven experience, Contrast is definitely worth a look.First off, the artwork in this game is gorgeous. It's a stylized, animated style which summons up a surreal Jazz Age Paris (?). It's affecting and evocative and surprisingly detailed.The game's shadow-shifting mechanic is novel, and the puzzles I've encountered thus far are unusual, but not frustratingly so. The story's the thing here, in the end, and the traversal puzzles and the jumping are just what you do while moving through -- and moviing forward -- the plot.Ultimately, this is a game which tells a story. It's told mostly through cutscenes, but the voice acting is generally superior, and the writing is solid, which keeps it all interesting. As has been said, there's a vaguely Bioshock feeling to the storytelling -- there's a mystery unfolding, and a faint air of tragedy or melancholy surrounding events, as if something sad is about to occur, unless it can be outrun or outthought.You play as the shadow-shifting ""imaginary friend"" of a little girl named DiDi, whose parents are on the edge of serious trouble. The game doesn't fully explain itself at the start. and certain events make you wonder if the often surreal landscape you move through is simply reality colored by a young girl's imagination or something ... else ... yet to be discovered.The game isn't perfect, of course. The shadow-shifting mechanic doesn't always activate as intended, forcing retries of a jump puzzle sequence. Also, for Steam PC users, the controls for this game were clearly designed for consoles, so if you have a USB game controller hooked to your PC, you'll almost certainly have a better time using that.And again, the puzzles and the narrative style of Contrast will not appeal to every gamer, but if you're intrigued, I'd say take a look.Contrast may well be a flawed gem, in some ways, but it's still a gem. Gamers often say they want ""something different"" in their gaming. Here it is. Recommended."
,Recommended,224460,8685651,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Chris Fifty-Two,"An interesting puzzle platformer with an shadow dimension mechanic allowing you to use light sources to shadows that you will use as platforms to move around in the levels. It has so much potential with an interesting and fairly unique mechanic, a half-decent story and an interesting setting but sadly the game falls short of what it could have been and I think its due to lack of polish and at time inspiration (some parts just feel very ""meh"" and uninspired).The achievements are decently desgined with a heavy focus on finding collectibles (which are really easy to spot) and just beating the game. There are only a few missable achievements but they can easily be reached with the use of the chapter select.Time to 100%:3 hours"
,Not Recommended,224460,32184525,Posted: 4 June,all,AuroraGoryAlice,"I had really high hopes for this game.  I really did.  The art and music are so beautiful and it is a unique game concept.  However, the whole thing is ruined by clunky game controls.  It is perhaps one of the most frustrating gaming experiences I have had in a very long time."
,Not Recommended,224460,9068767,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Eas,"The basic idea is new and interesting, which is why I voted for it on Greenlight back in the day. But in the end I can't recommend the finished game. Its main problems are:Negatives:- The gameplay constantly gets interrupted by cutscenes. And by that I literally mean every 10-20 meters of walking distance. It's as the makers couldn't decide if to make a movie or a game.- Didis' dialogue and ""hints"" are often annoying and not helpful-Setting up the shadows (by moving lights or objects) in a way so that using them for advancing is possible often takes longer than it should.- The puzzles did not give me the feeling of achieving something by getting them right. They're pretty ""meh""- It's pretty short. I completed the game in 3 hours without dragging the playtime by doing all the achievements or finding all collectibles.Positives:+ The music is very good and fits the mood+ The artstyle and character-design is nice to look at+ No bugs, besides shadows very rarely glitching a tiny bit+ The shadow-world is a innovative idea+ Controls are alright with X-360 pad"
,Recommended,224460,13357947,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Ohnefuenfter,"The game has nice visuals, good story, perfect (as for me) music, and... hollow gameplay.Still i would recommend this game to mark visual, sound, and story designers.Гра дуже добре виглядає, має гарне опвідання, чудову як на мене музику, але взагалі порожній геймплей..."
,Recommended,224460,23694219,"Posted: 21 June, 2016",all,Guido,I did kind of like it but it's a very short game. The story bit is OK enough but the ending gets spoiled later in the game. Also I felt there was not enought gameplay with all the cut scenes interrupting it constantly. I also often had weird glitches with the character just randomly poping out of shadows. I felt it all rather ruined the quite promising platforming experience.All in all I guess I could reccommend it but do get it on a sale.
,Recommended,224460,25383471,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Leonard,"Beautiful game, brilliant concept and its implementation. I'm also satisfied with conclusion of the story and the plot elements.Pros:+ Lovely main character+ Fluid gameplay+ Easy to learn+ Easy to get 100% completion+ Good puzzles+ Relaxing+ Decent atmosphere and concept+ Music <3Cons:- Game crashed few times, dunno why- I know it's her character, but Didi talks TOO much -_-'"
76561198141177314,Recommended,224460,23478681,"Posted: 9 June, 2016",all,Miss Muffet,"This game throws you a curve ball, and it is awesome! The game itself is shocking short but for its small size it throws a sucker punch ending. In truth it only took my a couple hours to get through this game and get a majority of it's collectibles but in my opinion, this game is worth the money you spend on it.It has a unique and artistic style on how they approach the characters and maps, not including the extremely unique way of game play.I have seen and played regular games that focus on realism and games such as Limo that focus on shadows, but I have never played a game that focuses on both!I give this game a 9 out of 10 and recommend others play it.On a side note, if you play it you should attempt to find a majority of the collectibles because it helps with the backstory of the plot but it is not needed."
76561198103753297,Not Recommended,224460,14751965,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,martijnhoekstra,"Who would love a game that mixes the atmosphere of Mateusz Skutniks Submachine, Film Noir, The Prestige and Art Nouveau, wraps it up in a neat story, and built a platform puzzler around it with innovative gameplay? Hands? Everybody?Thought so.But you'd be wrong. No matter how much this game pushes all the right buttons in atmosphere story telling and art, the gameplay itself is so lacking that it manages to make a mediocre, maybe even downright bad game with all these wonderful ideas and this amazing artwork. The innovative gameplay soon becomes a gimmicky, and the only times it becomes really challenging, it is because you're struggling with the controls.The engine and gameplay glitches are jarring enough to make you lose immersion - at one point I managed to get the camera inside the protagonists head; her eyes sure look freaky from the inside. All the stunning backdrops in the world, and the artwork, again, do deserve the highest praise, do not a game make.The plot is mediocre. It more an outline for a stroy than a story. It could be completely told in maybe three paragraphs. While the reveal at the end is nice - I was surprised, though all the hints were there - it just doesn't have enough flesh on its bones to be really much of a story line at all.I wanted to love this game so badly, but in the end, the mechanics are so lacking, the game is so glitchy, and the plot is so much of a sketch rathery than a story I can't in good concience recommend this game. Development team, please, make a better game next time, becaue I'd love to play it."
,Not Recommended,224460,7680243,"Posted: 17 November, 2013",all,Dried Monkey,"While Contrast's gameplay is very interesting and unique, the game itself is very buggy, and may result in the player having to replay large portions of the game after getting stuck. There were many times in which I got stuck in walls and objects which disabled me, forcing me to revert, but I could only revert to the beginning of the last chapter. This meant that the entire chapter had to be replayed, including the collection of the luminaries. Many puzzles were far too easy, and often seemed as if the solution was directly given to the player. The game seemed choppy and could have had much more fluidity. Contrast was fun when there were no bugs interfering with my playthrough, but rarely was I fully immersed in the game."
76561198030629945,Recommended,224460,7858799,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Cicerone,"Can Smell the SmokeContrast won't take a lot of your time, but it's worth every second. Clever puzzles. Stylized ""noir"" ambiance withArt Noveautrimmings. Unique shadow mechanics. Engaging story. Utterly brilliant.And did I mention I can't get enough of the soundtrack? So good!"
76561198023266729,Recommended,224460,25417464,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Hydorus,"It's good, but you should know what you're getting into. This is not a head-scratcher. This is not a sprawling adventure that will fill hours of your life.This is a charming, light puzzle game that you'll finish in a couple hours (In my 3h of playtime I've even got all the achievements, and I had to replay a section for one of them). For its price, I think it's more than worth it, however."
,Recommended,224460,15243286,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,dreamtunnel,The Daniel Radcliffe of games. Really pretty but really short.
,Recommended,224460,19952216,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,girldoesrant,"Ended up getting this because the mechanics looked interesting and it turned out to be a great (and underrated) little gem. Your character is a woman with the ability to shift between the tangible world and the shadows. She watches over a little girl and her family while navigating a strange city in a parallel universe, where the inhabitants are shadows and your character is invisible to all but the little girl.The game is a puzzle-platformer and your character must use the shadows cast by real objects (and people) to achieve her goals. This often involves moving light sources in such a way as to line up shadows just right to reach a ledge or time a jump over the shadows of moving people. The mechanics aren't perfect, but for the most part, the flow is smooth and fun.The graphics are detailed and unique, with a moody, jazzy soundtrack and a very endearing storyline. Definitely recommend this."
,Recommended,224460,16682191,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,The Snacrifice,"A Cute, enjoyable Noir gameContrastis a fun, neat little platformer. InContrast, you play Dawn, the silent 'imaginary' friend of a young girl named Didi, whose mother is a cabaret singer. Throughout the game you help her solve puzzles and get past obstacles by using Dawn's ability to 'shadow walk' in 2.5 style platforming sequences.While the game is not a technical marvel,Contrastoozes atmosphere. Inspired by a 1920's vaudeville style, the game features impressive if somewhat linear levels. The choice to make almost all of the characters actually shadows of themselves thrown on to a wall Dawn is platforming across is a very nice touch that allows for almost all of the story to be explained while you're playing the game, so cutscenes are down to a minimum(in fact, there are only two or three actual 3d models of characters in the entire game, one of them being Dawn, the player character) while giving you something to pay attention to in cooperation with the gameplay.Gameplay wise,Contrastis fun, but is hampered somewhat by glitches and clipping issues. Some parts can be aggravating simply because Dawn clips weirdly into a shadow or hits a part of a wall that randomly ejects her from her shadow persona, usually over a bottomless pit that resets you at the start of the current section. Despite this, the shadow puzzles are well thought out and interesting, and despite hearing a lot of complaints in the reviews on the camera, I found that the developers managed to make the camera do what the player wanted(many times I found the camera 'locked' to a certain axis, which made platformer easier and highlighted spots I should be focusing on). There are many times when Dawn got caught on pieces of the level, or clipped at the edge of a shadow and simply threw me back out again, failing the puzzle. However, these issues were minor enough that there were only one or two times I truly felt the game was entirely at fault.Contrast's level design is pretty solid, though very linear, with the world well conceptualized to mix between shadow movements and 3d overworld sections, which serve to move you from one section to another. Occasionally I did find sections where it wasn't clear where I was supposed to go(In one, I had to resort to a walkthrough simply because the game's lighting hadn't highlited a jump point properly)This is not a very long game, but I think I like that(the entire game and all collectibles took a few hours at best). Not every game has to be 60 hours of content. Like a movie, this game has a story to tell and it's good at pacing itself for that story without dragging. The best description I can give for the playthrough is 'comfy'. It's not particularly hard, but a few of the puzzles make you think. And that's reallyContrast's largest failing, in that the game is relativelyeasyfor these sorts of games. I think this is by design, as it feels like some things were made simpler for a younger audience. Collectibles are sprinkled directly in paths you'll be heading anyway, and simply add little flairs to the story exposition wouldn't be able too, so I have no complaint with them.All in all,Contrastis a pretty decent buy for the price, though some leery of its short play time might want to consider wishlisting and waiting for a steam sale.ProsNovel ideaInteresting StyleChildren-friendly gameplayConsOccasional glitch/clipping issuesShort play time.No replay value."
,Recommended,224460,19257721,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,NIRVANA78,"Contrast is a funny and innovatory experience...That was the first few thing i was thinking when i started to play Contrast...The story in itself is not a Masterpiece but is good and trustworthy and fits just fine. The game scenery is 1920 noir-style city...You play as a little girl named Didi's invisible friend a young lady named Dawn. Who has this amazing ability that she can become one with the shadows...She can shift into shadowform aslong some lights making shadows...It's a very funny way to play and i can't remember that have seen that in a game before...Thats why i think it's a innovatory experience...And don't worry there are some very creative puzzles who need Dawn in shadowform and it works like a charm...At the moment i have just complete Act 1 out of 3 and the game is still as fun...What is the story then? Well you are helping Didi with various things like making a path over a void, opens a door from the other side etc. and many of those demands Dawn's shadowform. The game starts with Didi following her Mom Kat to a theater where she makes a living as a Cabaret singer and focusing alot on her career...Her husband Johnny and Didi's Father has been kicked out because of problems in their troubled realtionship you better self experience playing the game...Anyway Didi is very attached to Johnny and misses him deeply...Johnny's plans is also a thing you better see for youself. So in the first act you are actually spying on Didi's Mom and Father and that is how the story has evolved so far.So if you like to try puzzles in a different way and even play in a different way then Contrast is a game you shouldn't miss!My Judgement: 9/10This is my first review in English so if some of the text sound strange and/or odd then bear with me...It will get better! ;o)Peace out Peeps!"
76561198026362756,Recommended,224460,28337422,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Angfucious,"This is a beautiful game from every angle.  If you love the 'film noire' type setting, this game is spot on.  The ability of Dawn to move between 3D and shadow was brilliant!  I wasn't too sure at first how they were going to incorporate it into the gameplay and not make it clunky, but they managed to pull it off.  The puzzles aren't too hard (although I think I impaled myself on the bamboo at least 10 times), which is great for a casual gamer.  Take your time and enjoy the scenery, the beautiful voice of Didi's mother, and prepare yourself for a story that will make you laugh, might make you mad, and maybe even a tear out of the corner of your eye (just move your beer)."
,Recommended,224460,7937665,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Sol Invictus,"What to say.... here we have a nice little precious gem. If you are tired of mainstream games where you kill &shoot and would prefer something more arty and different then you should try Contrast. It's a 2D/3D platformer with fascinating story and catching narrative. It's like reading a little child tale. The setting is very fascination resembling Paris (France) of the 1930s with a little bit of Noire style.Although it appears to be a game for kids in reality is not. The thematics and the deep sarcasm inside this game are designed for an adult gamer. The game itself is not very long (like every indie game) but the refreshing gaming mechanics (in the platforming part) united with a catching story and athmosphere are going to keep you attached to the game until it's finished, like the good child tales we were used to read when we were kids. If you want something different this is definitively the game for you."
,Recommended,224460,7965169,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,•SADBOY•,"This was very interesting. The whole time you're playing you wonder how the story will pan out. Took me a few sittings to beat, Though it is a short game. I just spaced it out. Didnt quite understand the ending, Its probably just me but it went over my head. Not the usual to have a 20's-30's theme setting, So thats quite enjoyable. The songs were well sung and its a really pretty atmosphere. I'll give it 9/10 i only wish the ending could be a bit different and the whole game longer."
76561198070381407,Recommended,224460,12491199,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,RetroJames101,"A great game well worth the price the detail that it has is amazing!The only bad thing is the length of it, took 5 hours to 100% but worth it!"
,Not Recommended,224460,17936573,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,M.I.R.A.G.E,"For the longest time I can remember, I have wanted this game. I recently bought the game while it was on special and have been very, very disappointed with it. Let me explain:The game, overall, has immense potential. The plot was quite interesting (for an 70's/80's setting), but you keep waiting for that 'oomph' factor that never arrives. Instead, you're reduced to a puppet who follows the instructions of a little girl who ultimately, towards the end, becomes very annoying.Your character learns some valuable skills, which you will probably never need to use ever again. Its just disappointing. Certain skills (like dash) you might need later on, depending on how you play really.The controls are absolute♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ABSOLUTE.♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ You think I'm joking? Go ahead and play this game and then join me in saying its♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ because it is. I don't know about those who used a controller, but for anyone using a keyboard, I'm so sorry. I can imagine what you may have gone through because of this game.The camera IS WORSE. Its terrible. Absolutely terrible. I can rarely turn a corner WITHOUT the camera making a 360 around me. I honestly need to pause and regather my surroundings before moving on.THE SHIFTING. OMFG. The shifting in this game is an absolutely wonderful concept but you'll rarely need it for any good purpose. You only need to shift to move objects, solve puzzles, and very rarely, to attain items. THAT IS ALL. To make matters worse, sometimes you will get stuck as soon as you shift, unable to move at all, OR you'll suddenly be thrown out of your shift (this is often not going to be your fault).The game is set in a very surreal map that's sloppily done. You can easily glance through walls, end up in several hundred glitches, die making a very small jump, think you have discovered a secret area where you might find an item only to discover that its a dead end that the developers left to screw with you. Haha. Screw this♥♥♥♥♥♥In all faireness, Contrast is an exceptionally interesting puzzle game which I would have highly recommended, however, as it stands, I'm afraid I cannot. Like many others have mentioned, if you do find this game on sale (75 - 95 percent off) then grab it and give it a try, otherwise, you're better off saving that cash for something else."
,Recommended,224460,9237951,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Digi,"Conceptually, I like the idea of a puzzle platformer that shifts from 2D to 3D, but controlling the character feels glitchy and unintuitive in this dynamic environment. The story is simplistic and feels short at 4 hours of gameplay. Despite these drawbacks I'd still recommend this game. It's unique, creative and the pallid, film noir style and antiquated soundtrack create an engaging, authentic atmosphere.Digital Logik PC Gaming"
,Recommended,224460,8425283,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,McLovin,"Contrast - a three-dimensional platformer with puzzle elements. The game's plot unfolds in a surreal world. The player will assume the role of a girl detective named Dawn, who has the ability to turn into a shadow and interact in a way with the world of the game."
,Not Recommended,224460,9228256,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,YellowLab,"I had much higher hopes for this game. The premise is neat - you control Dawn who can literally ""shrink into the shadows."" However, the execution is poor; the controls are clunky; the story is cliche; the writing is atrocious; and the voice acting is grating.The game is broken (intentional pun) into three acts and tells the story of Didi who is the only one that sees Dawn. While you can shrink into the shadows, the lights only light up in the areas where there is a puzzle. Everywhere else, there are no shadows. Given some of the platform jumping needed for the puzzles, the controls are wonky. They are extremely loose and the camera wanders which makes the POV confusing. Sometimes you will do a puzzle and the camera is in one location. The next time (because you fell) it is located differently and can't be moved to a better location because it is stuck or something.There are collectables in the game that are easy to collect. They are usually in your path and have blue sparkles swirling around them. In addition, there are several luminaires in the level. These are balls of lights that can be used to power equipment. These are spread through the level - some in your path (enough to finish the level) others in harder to reach areas. However, in many cases if you don't get them you can't get them later. In order to get full completion, you have to start over. I did this several times. Frustrating...There are no people in the game, other than Didi. Key story points are told through shadow figures. (My wife saw Didi's mom and made a comment that she wouldn't be able to stand and likely would end up on her face she was so top heavy.) This is interesting enough, but the shadows clip through the environment. Along with the voice acting, I was pressing the ""Y"" button to skip them. Some special swirling items activate ""special"" shadow show puzzles to flesh out the story.Its notallbad. Some of the puzzles are clever. Act II is pretty neat. Didi needs to fix a circus for her dad. And as I said, the idea has potential, just poorly executed in my opinion. It is hard to recommend this game, especially at full price. Wait for a sale. A good sale and don't expect too much."
,Not Recommended,224460,22701066,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,||BIA|| FitzChivalry,"FIrst thing you need to know: this is a very short game. Even taking it slow and going back for 100% achievements I only got about 4 hours out of it. On that basis alone you probably want to wait for it to go on a pretty major sale. In fact the length of the game is one of the main reasons I'm not recommending it. For a game to be so short I feel that it needs to make up for it by being either increadibly good or extremely original. Or very very cheap. I seem to be in the minority, but I don't think Contrast quite made up its length on any of these.As far as the game itself; it was fairly good but there were a few things I felt let it down. The story was a little childish, naive, and predictable. While it delt with some darker topics, things turned positive way too quick to seem real or satisfying. The world in which the game was set was interesting and had some great ideas, but also suffered from a slight vagueness which I think was meant to be mysterious and intriguing but didn't ring true to me. Personally  I'm used to my fictional worlds being a little more conrete and storylines a little less sickly sweet, but given the other ratings that seems to be a matter of taste.The platforming integrated with the shadow mechanic which the game centres around was both novel and enjoyable if straitforward. The levels were fairly pretty, and the jaz theme throughout suited it very well, but they were also quite small and sparse. Honestly if it was longer (both for playtime and to stretch the conclusions to storylines) it could have been a very good game. As it is, it turned out fairly good but not something I'd recommend. Excepting on sale."
,Recommended,224460,15136025,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Havryl,"Initial ImpressionsContrast has quite the draw with the art style and the shadow mechanic. They combine particularly well for the noir atmosphere and also greatly accentuate the shadow play storytelling.Current ConsiderationsThe voice acting is fantastic. It reminds me of some older films that I watched growing up. While the story itself isn't anything new, to see the drama unfold as a proverbial fly on the wall makes for interesting storytelling. Though perhaps ""shadow on the wall"" would be more apropos.Future FixationsI played through the game in english and did a brief replay in french to glean some extra emotional context. I had heard enough of the game to want the soundtrack and mayhaps to dig out some old jazz songs to listen to later. Much like the game's titular song; the game is unfortunately short, wonderfully sweet, and oh so splendid."
,Recommended,224460,25184174,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,L O B A ❤,"Contrast is a 3D puzzle game with platforming elements. You play as Dawn, an acrobat and circus performer, and also the imaginary friend of Didi, a little girl living with her single mother in nearly 20's. Didi likes to sneak out with Dawn at night and follow her mother to watch her perform at the cabaret club, and there the story begins, so I'm not gonna spoil you.The main hook of the game is Dawn's ability to shift into the world of shadows, changing to a 2D silhouette. This mixture of 3D and 2D are just awsome. Who ever thought about making a game like this? This concept is just awsome, and the story and picture style that is completly an art, the characters itself, make a complete pack. I've never seen something like that.OOOOHHHH, I MUST MENTION THE SOUNDTRACK. the soundtrack fits perfectly to the ambiances, and it's just aaaaaaaaaaaaawsome, I LOVED IT.I wish with all my heart that they make a sequence in the future!"
,Recommended,224460,7686269,"Posted: 17 November, 2013",all,Nat Cat,This game is awesome. Fantastic and creative platformer with an eerie and very unique atmosphere. Almost worth playing just for the soundtrack. Completely worth the time and money to play this.
76561198071618855,Recommended,224460,8536699,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Fleur.du.Mal,"This game won my heart. Few games can be considered a visual and audio delight such as Contrast is. It is definitely not for everyone, not action packed or with potential cliffhangers but it’s by far a star.It’s the result mix between the 20's- 30's atmosphere, the vintage representation of the decadent circus life, the dream shards of a Parisian street, and the film-noir instrumentals. It has clever and most importantly aesthetic puzzles, playing with memories and shadows.It does however have its disappointments: few bugs and glitches that may at times annoy the player a bit. I also heard that people have problems playing the game itself because it freezes (it happened to me as well but only on short period of times) and crashes; and of course, the biggest problem of the game is that it’s too short. I would have adored to spend more hours of gameplay; not only that but because the game is too short we have to take the characters as they are, with few information about them and we have to adjust to the ‘momentary’ feeling of the plot.In what concerned the characters and the story telling: it’s a great plus. Until the end it makes you wonder what is reality and what not, what is fantasy and what is science. You get to see all these interesting side characters and discover that, in truth, the story is about them.It’s a game perfect to play during the evening and I encourage anyone with a bit of taste for the aesthetics to try it."
76561198001393342,Recommended,224460,12806724,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Holophrastic,"Very short game -- 3 hours.  It's well-guided, and by that I mean intentionally directed, so it's not like you can get lost or take much longer.That said, it was fluid, gorgeous, and a fantastic concept -- in exactly the same way that the original Portal game was.  An example of an innovative and creative game mechanic.I'm wishing for much more.  Whether or not it's worth the full price, it's definitely worth the discounted price.  And the jazz music is perfectly my style."
76561198042577828,Not Recommended,224460,11718315,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,aldanae,"I really wish I could recommend this, but I'm afrain I can'tI'll start with the Pros:+ Nice Soundtrack: The jazzy Tunes got me from the start, but there could have been more on that end.+ Beautiful sights and ""style""+ Arguably well told storyThe Downside tho:+ 3 hours gameplay max, no replay value(for me at least)+ Mechanics, that could have used some fine-tuning+ Messy puzzles, that you have figured out, but can't solve because of wacky mechanics+ Very overprized for a game this short+ Invisible walls that could have been avoided easily by some proper level design.+ Annoying girl following youThe trailers looked far more promising than the real deal.You migh give this game a shot, but wait until its on sale.You can go a lot better for 15 €"
,Not Recommended,224460,13662992,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,♡ bibingka ♡,this game is disappointingly short :c
,Recommended,224460,14173437,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Modest Penguin,"This is a whimsical game taking place in a 1940's noir dream world.  The art is gorgeous and the story is about a little girl's quest to find her family.   The game consists mostly of platform puzzles that use a  mix of the real world and shadows.My only complaints are that some of the puzzles were a little too difficult and some of the shadow puzzles were just buggy.  Other than that, its a super fun and and I highly recommend it! :D"
,Not Recommended,224460,13371378,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,sebullba,"Horrible playing, amazing concept and story5/10------------------------------I really really wanted to like this game.  But it just... is not that good. The concept, the art style, jumping between to worlds seems amazing and in fact really is but on the other hand playing is totally frustrating sometimes.Thing is you start this extremely weird looking game and be like ""oh god this looks awesome"" and after some time you discover that you can switch between 2 worlds and you go ""that is AMAZING"". But after that you really play it and it is just HORRIBLE. Every 5 minutes you get into the moment when you know what to do, how to get there but the game is somehow broken and you just cant do it. Massive bugs and awful checkpoint system make it a bad game.When you 10 times fall from the ledge and the girl tells you for 11th time to ""hahah i know what to do..."" and repeat that same monolog she already did 10 times.. you just wanna throw a brick in her face.Contrast has looked sooo amazing at the store page so I've bought it in sale for like 5 € and I would really regret buying this game if it was at the full price. I have had to convince myself to give the game another shot to finish the story but it was for the purpose of finishing the game and not enjoying. There is a little chance for you to enjoy the game but for me it was just a horrible experience which is a shame because i mostly love these arty, weirdo games."
,Recommended,224460,21195993,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,DidiBash,"I only purchased this game because the little girl was named Didi and what I got in return was so much more. Beautiful music, stunning views and a gorgeous Player Character. The noir atmosphere made me want to listen to Jazz music, drink whisky and smoke a cigar or two. There were some moments in the game where the shadow mechanism made me salty as fook to the point where I wanted to swallow a grenade, but eventually I got passed it. The collectibles were fun and the witty achievements were cute, but the development of the overall story as whole won it over for me. I just wish it was longer and a little more in depth with the ending."
,Recommended,224460,24001387,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,[LUE] TormakSaber,"A short (~4 hours, with all collectibles) romp through 1920's vaudeville culture that tells the story of a broken family trying to pick up the pieces of shattered dreams, and a little girl trying to make the best of everything, in spite of it. The game is short, to the point, and entertaining, though slippery and squirrelly controls at some parts give a bit of frustration to some of the more precise platforming moments. Puzzles are mostly simple and serve just to break up the platofrming flow, which is nothing super timed or intense. There is no combat in the game whatsoever, despite what the trailers obtusely hint at. It is pure platforming. The game is very linear, with side treks purely for collecting objects that lend a bit of backstory to the events that occur in the game.Everything in the game comes together to emphasize the environmental aspects, pushing the circus and performance aspects with heavy jazz and lounge singer themes, and it all comes together wonderfully. Some story bits at the end seem to have been left intentionally vague and up to interpretation, and it causes a bit of heas scratching as to how things ""actually work"", but it's nothing that detracts from the actual experience.An easy recommendation for almost anyone."
76561198165274171,Recommended,224460,31405671,Posted: 27 April,all,Jim Dandy 77,"Good game, I enjoyed it.   Put together well didn't have any problems and the Story was good.The puzzles were fun. This game is worth it."
76561198101301962,Recommended,224460,33400883,Posted: 9 July,all,ilfirin_ms,"It's not high budget, neither long game.And it's unfortunate, that budget makes content cuts and messes ending, well even more room for continuation.Now, straight to the point. I don't use this word much often, so... AMAZING. The style, the music, the graphics, the original gameplay concept, original surroundigs, original feeling and finally, the cuteness of companion (little girl), especially in circus.And even if I wanted somehow give negative review, the only scene ""princess fairy tail"" was so unexpected, original and enjoyable, that this scene only would turn it possitive at the end.I am very looking forward for continuation and throw money on the monitor, when it comes."
76561198055269636,Recommended,224460,30332511,Posted: 5 March,all,Ron,"A lovely Platform Adventure where you control the ""imaginary"" friend of a little girl who is trying to help his parents to get out of some troubles.The idea of going in and out the shadows is brilliant and very original and is the best part of this game.The Noir graphic style and ambientation are cool.The game starts with very easy puzzles at beginning and ends with average-hard ones at end, but overall difficulty is balanced enough.The weakest part of this game is its longevity, sadly will not give you much gameplay, a real pity.Recommended to everyone.My Final Score is88/100"
76561198292273381,Recommended,224460,35375973,Posted: 1 October,all,FatalJoy,10/10 beautiful graphics10/10 innovative gameplay10/10 great storyconclusion: this game is ♥♥♥♥ing piece of art
76561198086714519,Recommended,224460,10996611,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,-         Faiera~ ❤ -,"Contrast is a very short puzzle/platform game in the 1920's. I absolutely love the game style with the switch between 3D and 2D. Also, the 2D characters are really interesting to watch, as you can only see Didi/yourself in 3D. The achievements are very easy to unlock. I wish the game had a longer story line. Hoping for Contrast part 2! Would definitely buy it :)"
76561198112947376,Recommended,224460,8325594,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,GoddessofSorrows,"I have been wanting to play this game since I seen it was out. The story line is good along with graphics and gameplay. Short game but to me it was worth what I had paid for it. I would love if more was to be added to this game, more story, characters, ect. That would be amazing! If you love good story, but something that isn't so long your life is limited to this game then get it. You will LOVE it!"
,Recommended,224460,9741922,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Azimuth,A short but interesting game in which you play the imaginery(?) friend of a young girl who seems to have been neglected by her parents and running amok a somewhat barron town late at night. You phase in and out of the shadows to bypass obstacles and help the young girl Didi prevent her father from being killed by some thugs with whom he is indebted to by helping get his latest get rich quick scheme a circus to actually run successfully. Through this adventure Didi will discover the truth about her parents and her heritage. I would recommend picking this game up when it's on special as it's worth playing but not at the $15 price point.
76561198113538385,Recommended,224460,12525804,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,AEngland,"I really enjoyed this game! The puzzles were fun and challenging, the graphics were awesome and the soundtrack amazing. I only wish that is was longer."
76561198086276748,Recommended,224460,12456668,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Bunny (ﾉ◕ヮ◕)ﾉ*:･ﾟ,This is a beautifully done and very underrated game. In my opinion I think it should be much more popular than it is. The gameplay is gorgeous and very unique and the story is touching. I wish the game was longer because it is so good but definitely worth it and right now (at this moment it is on sale) it is a complete steal!
,Recommended,224460,13332708,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Fanotak,"Contrast was really a beautiful experience. Glad to have discover this great game with the Focus Creative week sale.The graphics are extremely pleasant and will bring you back to the 20's nostalgy, with a beautiful mix of influences, from the Vaudeville to the parisian streets abundant with Art Nouveau and Art Deco building, passing to the Film Noir.The Gameplay is addictive and original; (I suggest to use a controller for a better experience) permitting you to pass from the physical, 3D world to the shadowy's in 2D.The OST is astonishing and will please for sure to every Blues/Swing/Dixieland/Jazz Manouche fans and emphasize your immersion in this unique world.The game, sadly, is super short... It would have deserved a longer story! But in the end, you'll definitely love it!----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Contrast fut vraiment une belle expérience. Ravie d'avoir pu découvrir ce superbe jeu durant la semaine Focus Creative.Les graphismes sont extrêmement plaisants et vous ramèneront dans la nostalgie des années 20, le tout avec un merveileux mélange d'influences, du Vaudeville aux rues parisiennes foisonnantes de bâtiments style Art Nouveau et Art Déco, en passant par les classiques du Film Noir.Le Gameplay est addictif et original (je conseille d'utiliser une manette pour plus de plaisir) vous permettant le passage entre le monde physique en 3D et le monde des ombres en 2D.L'OST est étonnante et plaira à tous les fans de Blues/Swing/Dixieland/Jazz Manouche qui se respèctent, tout en amplifiant votre immersion dans cet univers unique.Le jeu, malheureusement, souffre d'une durée de vie trop courte... L'histoire aurait mérité quelques heures de plus! En fin de compte, c'est un jeu que vous apprécierez à coup sûr!"
76561198058942829,Recommended,224460,31942238,Posted: 24 May,all,LigH,"I really wanted to enjoy this game.It has a unique, unusual concept. The story is not easy to grasp, but quite motivating overall. Just ... the balance is not made for me. I am not 14 anymore, rather 40; my reflexes are not good enough for the demands of some levels (I hardly survived the spider in the silhouette theater).The frequent change between 2D and 3D movement, as well as the increasingly tighter timing and more complex combination of contrary elements of motion (well dosed acceleration before a jump, shift into shadows and out of them in the midst of it), and camera limitations which also limit the foresight of consequences – all that got me stuck eventually, no chance to advance any further. There is no ""easy mode"".Try it if you get it cheap. It is worth the try. And if you beat it, you beat me as well."
,Recommended,224460,14422989,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Bortch,"Late 2014, local bar in the middle of who cares USA.I was sitting at the bar alone, like usual, watching as groups of people all around me were having fun and drinking. Some were catching up with old friends like Half-Life 2 and remembering the good old days; others were becoming well aquainted with the new guy in town, his name was Far Cry 4 and he was busy wowing people left and right with his fantastic adventures. Yet in between seeing someone introducing themselves to Octodad with hysterical laughter and another person meeting Bioshock Infinite for the first time, a young lady caught my eye. She seemed different, almost as if there was a charm to her existence that pierced the heavens with her classy look; it's as if she had just arrived in town, yet I could have sworn I met her before.I asked someone sitting at the bar next to me who she was. The response was worse than what I had expected, ""Oh that's Contrast, lovely girl; I heard she's pretty cheap too but I wouldn't risk the missus finding out so I don't know personally."" What a dissapointment, I must've seen her standing on the side of the road one day; and to think, for a $15.00 I could've gotten to know her better, but I was a taken man myself. I place heavy emphasis on the WAS. My night wasn't getting any better, I was lonely, depressed, I needed to feel something again and I figured she would be the one.I walked up to her and introduced myself, she hardley seemed interested in what I thought of her, yet her artistic nature spoke volumes to me. ""What's a classy platformer like you doing in a bar like this?"" She turned away from me, almost as if she was preparing for the onslaught of abuse I had planned for her. ""Do you like platformers?"" her voice was shaking, she felt the judgement of the whole bar raining down on her as we talked. I leaned in close, grabbed her shoulders and whispered, ""I love platformers."" She turned back around, her face was stone cold but I could see into her eyes, they were filled with happiness and ecstasy; I must've been the nicest person she's met in years because she said, ""for you it will be $3.00."" Now I may not be a detective, but from the way her eyes rolled towards the ground, I could tell she already regretted dropping the price for me. That didn't stop me from accepting the offer, but I did feel like I should give her more anyways, just so she feels better about herself.We head back to my place, this couch has seen much action but this was a rare exception. How could someone of this beauty and elegance possibly put up with her lifestyle. Just before I turned off the lights, I touched her back and brought her close, I could hear her breathing intensify. But she didn't bring me in closer, she pushed me away; she answered my confusion with a question of her own, ""can I sing for you first?""""What?""""Most clients love it when I sing to them before... we get down to business.""A little confused, I figured it would be best if she was as comfortable as possible before we began, so I gave her permission. (Listen to this:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cB_RzlqbV98). As she started singing, I got mesmerized. Her story was strong and to the point, she has been hurt, perhaps that's what lead her down this road; her voice was beautiful, the song was perfectly put together, slow, smooth and reflected what to expect from this game.Contrast is one of a very small group of games where I feel the artistic vision is met to my satisfaction and doesn't appear to be trying too hard or too little to get across what it wants to portray. You view the situations that happen throughout the story both through the eyes or an innocent child and your own personal observations, giving the game a sort of dual perspective that leave the second part entirely up to your own observations. There is a plot twist as well that leads to a revelation I couldn't even fathom feeling for myself, leaving my reaction up to what the child felt when everything was revealed to her. The bond you have with the child as you play all while being a silent observer of the story made me feel different from other games, almost like another game I played recently and would love to play again (not going to mention it here).Other than the story, the gameplay and graphics seem to compliment eachother really well. The game takes place in  a Noir styled France stuck in a sort of purgatory where people can switch between either being a shadow or manifesting themselves in an actaul human form. I know, that sound weird, but the shadow swapping leads to some really cool ideas when it comes to the puzzle sections. You will occasionally have to think while moving objects in the third dimension in order to create and modify shadows in the second dimension in order to reach new areas. It can be tricky at times yet feels very satisfying when you succeed at some of the trickier puzzles.Yet, at the end of the day, the time I spent with the lovely lady was short lived. 2.9 hours on record is a bummer considering I actually went out of my way to collect as many of the hidden collectibles as I could find and still beat the game short of 3 hours. The world is very interesting, the gameplay is challenging (despite the controls feeling a little off) and the story is realistic and a little troubling, but in a good way. At the end of the day, I would recommend her to anyone who likes puzzle platformers, just be sure treat her the same was I did, or she's not worth your time."
,Not Recommended,224460,16477839,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,ᵛᶫᶺ,"Once again a gorgeous concept with poor implementation.Controls are distorted, camera lives it's own life, physics are ugly. On top of it there is a bunch of bugs I faced. I stuck in textures right in the 1st room at the beginning and had to restart the game. Later I jump somewhere but instead of dying I stuck in an invisible texture and had to restart the game again. And later I somehow end up having right-click skill particles around me permanently.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=463242647http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=463242452http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=463242558"
76561198098372841,Not Recommended,224460,11620777,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Osu' BengOsu',"I had high hopes for this game and was really disappointed. I really like the surreal environment, the music and the 20's settings  but the execution is awful. The controls feel clunky, the jumping does not feel right, I know she has big legs but with just a push of the button she walks half of the screen, she is allover the place. The voice acting is meh, the object interaction is bad, she can interact with an object even when she's a meter away and facing the other way (she reaches out with her hand and the door opens behind her).You can take it during a sale if you want to play it for its aesthetics but I wouldn't recommend even that."
,Recommended,224460,18069644,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Astrifera,"This game is good. The ambience is little old, very *jazz time*.The girl is pretty cute even if she is weird. The girl we played, i donno, i didnt like her much, maybe cause she don't talk or.. but her power is great. the way 2D-3D is good too but sometimes fail.It's a good game, but not so long (i finished it after 3 h). So I recommend it, but only if it there is sale... 15 €, it's pretty much.Good game!"
,Recommended,224460,21388418,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Alzrael,"A near perfect game. The concept of using shadows as part of a puzzle is a brilliant idea, that was a perfect fit to the story. The music and level design worked wonderfully together, giving a slight feeling of melancholy. The odd time, you could jump on a shadow if you got too close to the wall without being a shadow yourself, but apart from that a near perfect experience. Short but sweet. 9/10"
76561197960931103,Recommended,224460,26019509,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,caruch2001,"This is a fantastic puzzle/platforming game that has some unique gameplay elements, a great story and wonderful voice acting. You play as Dawn, who goes around helping a young child named Didi fix various things in an attempt to save her father from trouble and resolve some turmoil with her parents. You’ll also uncover some twists along the way.The time period, art style and graphics are all very well done. It’s set in the 1920’s and it captures that vibe perfectly.Gameplay is unique, well implemented and fun. You’re able to transition from 3d space to 2d shadows. If you switch to shadows, then that becomes the ground or “physical” part of the world and allows you to traverse areas that wouldn’t be accessible otherwise. Shadows in general is a massive part of this game. The story is told via silhouettes and you even have to solve some puzzles while a silhouette scene is going on by using their moving shadows as a way to reach higher areas. It’s really cool. The puzzles serve up a small challenge. Nothing hard, though. With a little bit of thought, you’ll be able to solve them.Voice acting is terrific. Every character is unique and has their own personality.This game is very short. I logged about 4 hours to complete it will all achievements.The controls (I used a 360 controller) are decent. Character movement can be awkward at times and felt like they could use more polish.Pros+60fps+Great gameplay with shadows+Engaging & interesting story+Solid Music+Terrific voice actingCons+Short, about 4 hours+Character movement sometimes awkward8/10Very good"
,Recommended,224460,7875592,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Maverick,"It's really short, but it's a great game.Very clever puzzles and a beautiful atmosphere. The Soundtrack is 10/10 and the story mixes the simple with the wonderful.I highly recommend this."
,Recommended,224460,8439441,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,evylseme,"This is a great game! Quite the unique style. Such a shame it's so short.Hoping for a second story, with much bigger story line.Also want the soundtrack now, but I'm just gonna have to wait for that one to be available seperately then."
76561198081580859,Recommended,224460,8503253,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Rebellious Teen Kaiju,"Prepare for a teeth-pulling, har ripping experience with a girl/sidekick more annoying than navi from the legend of zelda. at least it was for me, anyways. the controls are a bit wonky, and so is the camera. since you have no health bar, video game code of conduct #427 dictates that every hit be fatal. most people who have made a review say how short this game is. well maybe if you speedrun the damn thing. it has an interesting story, however, and a nice art scheme to boot. there's not exactly any sort of backround music to this game beside a few areas. all in all. wait for a sale. that's all i got to say."
,Recommended,224460,8642806,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,They Call Me El Civ,"For the video review, check it out here:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SaT2_Tt9vmI&list=UUaVUKyqqEjfnjEV2IZd0uiA&feature=c4-overview""From the get-go, the life of young Didi will ensnare you, as her busy, workaholic mother and get rich quick scheme loving father will constantly be at ends.  In a seemingly never-ending struggle to bring her parents together again and keep them that way, Didi and Dawn will be placed in positions in which they can come to the rescue, fixing familial situations which would otherwise end their tumultuous little grouping in a heartbeat.  Contrast’s plotline can be both depressing and heartwarmingly joyful at the same time, and it WILL be the reason why you keep playing the game from start to finish.""""To tie it all together, Contrast comes equipped with some soothing, noir-themed visuals, and a beautiful setting that stands as an amalgamation of the shadow world, as well as the real world.  Over the course of the game you’ll venture through places such as cabaret theaters, seedy taverns, decrepit carnivals, observatories, and shadowy alleyways, all of which invoke a feeling of wonder.  By throwing in some really top notch musical talent, Contrast’s atmospheric merits are almost as good as it’s impeccable storyline."""
76561198127863223,Recommended,224460,32778999,Posted: 25 June,all,annie_pocalypse,"I would have loved this game if it'd come out on PS1 in 2001, when I was 12. I probably would have saved up my allowance and sold my copy of The Rugrats or Spyro to buy it and would have had a secret crush on the adult character. However, it idn't really do it for me as an adult. I am a bit unsure about the target audience of this game. The environment and music are amazing and the concept beautiful, but the gameplay is clunky and a tad dull. The story is good but lacks depth. Still, will keep an eye out for these devs."
,Recommended,224460,23797039,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,bomi,"Contrast is a 4 hours game (maybe 5 or more, if you like to wander around like me) and despite being too short for my like, it's very enjoyable. The story is simple and you won't spend more than 15 - 20 minutes in a puzzle, plus beautiful aesthetics that make up for the only negative aspect I found: sometimes you shift out of the shadows even if you didn't want to, so you will die a lot of times or just start again."
76561198273913977,Recommended,224460,23844923,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,DV8686,"There is a lot to like about this game. It has an interesting story, and the 'noir' atmospheric setting works well with the game and it's main mechanic - being able to enter and move using shadows and light.The puzzles are fun and strike a good balance of difficulty, while the collectibles / achievements are not too obnoxious to find and add a little replay-ability - I was able to find most collectibles during my first play through without hunting around too much.The story is also interesting and keeps everything moving along nicely.However, there are a couple of criticisms. Firstly, what some might see as a fault is the short length of the game. It only takes around 3 hours to fully complete (including achievements) although some might play faster than others.Also, although I didn't experience any glitches, the puzzles where you have to carry objects while sometimes interesting do slow the pace of the game down a bit.My biggest criticism is the abrupt ending. Without spoiling it, I will say that the game ends quite suddenly and while I knew the end was coming I was expecting there to be some explanation for how / why events were playing out.Overall I would recommend this game, despite the criticisms it is fun, but I would only really buy this game during a sale as I don't think it is worth the price without any discounts."
,Recommended,224460,33572954,Posted: 15 July,all,The Viscount,A short yet fun platformer. Thought it was very fun and quirky. Definately pick it up when on sale
,Recommended,224460,8471847,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,UncleDrax,"Fun puzzle game with a new mechanic using light and shadow and that mechanic ends up being suprisingly good. The art direction is constant and appealing, and features tons of well placed and subtle visual easter eggs.  Writing/Story is short and lightweight and fits the noir art/feel.Gameplay duration for a basic playthrough is only around 4 hours.Overall a very good, albeit short, title."
,Recommended,224460,14973899,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,CitizenX3639,"Contrast is a good game. Nothing more, nothing less just good. It's a complete game, but it also feel like its EXACTLY wanted the devepoer wanted to accomplish. While platforming is the main gameplay component, and its ok, its the story that is the real focus and that focus is easily highlighted by the biggest suprise, game length. I would have easily guessed there would be 8-10 hours of gameplay as most platformers fall in that range, but searching every corner, taking my time, reading all the notes, etc my total time is right at 4 hours. Could it have easily been 10hrs, yes. Did i want to spendmore time in this world with these charcters, definantly. I have never measured a game by its length(wink!) and neither should anyone. Its gameplay, story, mechanics, world, music and charcters that you want to find yourself lost and for Contrast i was glad no one found me.PositivesTwilight Zonish storyReally good voice workBeutiful art, noire worldGood platformingEasy game, shortEasy to get all achievmentsCool easter eggsNegativesShort-would like to have spent more time in the world with these charcterssound- Other than main menu soundtrack there is very little to no music. Also, during some sequences in shadow no sound?Platforming is basic. Does not take adavantage of the charcter who is an acrobat"
76561198115635654,Recommended,224460,15509872,"Posted: 23 April, 2015",all,Slagathor,"Incredible. The idea that you can use shadows to travel around the world and solve puzzles is not a new one. But the execution in this this game is just marvelous. The ambience of the 20's, the music, the looks, the story ... oh man, it's just right up my alley and I can't just recommend it enough. If you're a fan of platformers with a twist, buy it. If you like Jazz music, buy it. If you want to support good indie games, buy it."
,Recommended,224460,27374661,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Ockham's Raver,"The physics can sometimes be a little glitchy, and some insta-fail segments can be annoying (though setbacks are minor); but if you're patient you'll find a beautiful platformer with a touching story and enchanting aesthetic."
76561198114922557,Recommended,224460,13415646,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,CupcakeBunny,"Took me only 5 hours to finish the game and go back to some chapters for the missing achievements. So its a very short game, but I love the story and the design of it. The jump and puzzle parts become more challenging towards the end of the game, but they never become frustrating, because they are too hard. After finishing the game you'll have all chapters unlocked to start again whereever you want. 10/10(Also this game definitely deserves a Steam Award)"
76561198059457614,Recommended,224460,8018534,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,dereliKct,This game is beautiful and has some unique charm.
,Recommended,224460,8526472,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Snoefrid,"First I want to comment on the main story being nothing more than a family struggling with love from time from time. I get that the game is supposed to be ""art-like"" with the dark noir atmosphere and lurking shadows but I really want to learn more about what's going on in those two worlds! I feel as a player I want to know a bit of backstory when going on the big quest but I guess I can't ask that when the game is supposed to be a big odd puzzle with shadows jumping around on buildings in love.Besides the story the gameplay is really original like no other game with the unique mechanic and odd puzzles that are very hard to solve from time to time, though I really wish the story would carry the game as much as the atmosphere does. With that said, if you want to have a hard time solving puzzles (atleast I think it's a challenge), and be in the spotlight from time to time as a lurking shadow in Paris among other awesome places jumping on everything you can jump on as well as shadows, then this game is for you! I would give it a 6/10 because of the game not being fitted for my need of a solid story, but if you don't care about the story balancing the gameplay that much then this game is a good choice!/Sow"
,Recommended,224460,7671331,"Posted: 16 November, 2013",all,thewwe4,"Great game, very artistic and fun to play. I really enjoyed the enviroment and the puzzles but I wish it was a longer game, because it felt very short. It remind me of Limbo but set on a noir-style with third person gameplay as well. I recommend it, despite the reviews from it weren't that great from gaming websites, I thought it was a wonderful game."
,Recommended,224460,7801367,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,qwertyBoss,"Playthrough was a breath of fresh air. The originality of the game mechanics and storyline exceeded my expectations. Unlike some games that break the mood between levels/scenes, the mood of Contrast was developed well, and held consistent.I hope to see more from this team."
76561198048974498,Recommended,224460,7807312,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,rjmacready,"Contrast is a sometimes...frustrating game. But ultimately rewarding.The pros? Where to begin! Absolutely top-rate storytelling (this could almost be a film), often ingeniously clever puzzles (though none so hard that one just throws in the towel), gorgeous graphics, wonderful sound, and a genuine sense of child-like wonder which seamlessly blends with the harsher realities of the adult world. Think Tomb Raider meets Limbo - that is to say, both 3D and 2D platforming elements, effortlessly combined - with a story and direction worthy of old-school Tim Burton. Oh, and it's nowhere near as painfully LLLOOOONNNGG as all games seem to feel the obligation to be these days (or in other words, it doesn't ""overstay its welcome"").Now the cons. Some of the platforming elements are PAINFULLY pedantic...one teeny, tiny miscalculation in where you place a lighting rig (this game is all about shadows), and you could very well waste the next forty seconds running and jumping to a point just to realise you ain't gonna make that final jump. And then it's ALL the way back to the start of the puzzle again. And there's some reflex-based moments of timing which become frustrating thanks to the occasionally ill-responsive controls, though these bits are at least few and far between.Honestly, though, none of what I've just said would be all THAT much to grumble about, if it wasn't for the POSITIVELY DIABOLICAL SAVE SYSTEM. Why does nearly every modern game have to insist that if someone switches it on, they'd better be ready to sit there non-stop for HOURS? Do they not know that some of us have JOBS? LIVES?! That we CAN'T necessarily invest two hours at a time into conquering A WHOLE FREAKING CHAPTER before switching off and going to bloody BED???But as I said earlier...sigh...at least this is one recent game which doesn't feel the need to give us a non-linear plot full of extreme repetition, constant backtracking, and an ""open world"" which takes 180+ hours to explore. Short, and on the whole, very sweet. But man oh man, do these game designers EVER test their own games, or better yet...give them to NORMAL people to try out before commercial release? It's a good thing I don't have a ""life"" to spend precious time on, or I'd just about give away this whole ""gaming"" lark altogether!Verdict: 9/10."
76561197990584569,Not Recommended,224460,16833160,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,bielak,"For the full price - forget about it. When there is abig saleon, something around 75% off - still think twice. The The whole game is a series of disappointinng shortfalls. Here's my story explaning why:I noticed Contrast over a year ago and the concept of the game, coupled with what I saw on the trailers and in the screenshots, had me really wanting this game. The price though was a bit steep, so I only got it on sale recently. And I'm mighty glad I waited. Without further ado, here's what's wrong with the game.First of all, thestoryfeels like scribbled down on a knee five minutes before the writers had a deadline to submit it. Nothing to keep the player interested, just a generic tale of a child and her parents don't quite form a perfect family. The characters, save the protagonist, are shallow, one-dimensional and there's little reason for anyone to form any sort of emotional bond with them. The only chance of livening up the plotwhen the player discovers collectibles pertaining to Dawn and Vincenzo in the last actis merely reduced to finding some collectibles and one scene just before the credits.Secondly, thegameplayis, to put it bluntly, rubbish. Platformers in the 90's offered better game mechanics. The fantasticly promising concept of manipulating lights and shifting between shadows and the 'real' world is there just so you can jump on some platforms and move one or two boxes around. Nothing else. And one more thing here: the player character gains some skills for no apparent reason and then hardly ever uses them.Thecontrolsare simple but even there you can find an issue, as the shifting mechanism often has a mind of its own and Dawn gets thrown off the platforms without the fault on the side of the player.Graphics. To be fair, the game looks alright. Nothing remarkable though. The models are edgy, locations deserted for the most part (I'm talking here about items, not characters - the lack of the latter is just part of the game) but the overall feeling is positive. The atmosphere in the locations is nice, kind of gloomy and decadent at the same time.On the other hand, theanimationsis where the game should deliver and fails completely. The protagonist is said to be an acrobat. Therefore, her moves should be fluent, graceful and light, which they only are when the character is walking slowly or standing still and I'm not convinced that this should be the case in an action game. The animations of Dawn interacting with objects or moving stuff, as well as thhe animations of all other characters feel terribly outdated.Finally, themusic, where the game promises much but delivers little. Despite what you might think having seen the trailers, there is in fact very litle music in the game. Soundtrack activates only when the player apporaches a certain location. Truth be told, the best piece of music was the one in the main menu. Character voicing is just wrong, its highlight being Dawn, who simply says nothing throughout the entire game.Fortunately, Contrast is a very short game, in jusr 4 hours I manged to obtain a 100% playthrough. I say fortunately because I could not bear any more of the feeling that there's a game that could have been brilliant and turned out mediocre.Pros:Great noir settingFairly good graphicsSome nice musicGreat protagonistCons:Light/shadow manipulation reduced to one powerUninteresting, unoriginal storylineAll other characters except the protagonistVery shortAnimations from 15 years agoGameplay from 20 years agoImprecise controlsWasted potential everywhereA final note: the ending hints, rather obviously, at a sequel. Unless the developers do some serious work to deliver a more complete experience with a story and gameplay to match its lovely graphics style its going to be, at least for me, a flop. So a word to the producers: Please, please do it right, because I so want the concept to be given the game it deserves."
,Not Recommended,224460,18181973,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,Zorro,The game is good. Controls are bad. And the story is short.
76561198116550217,Recommended,224460,28769343,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,aesthesia,"+ gorgeous soundtrack and imagery+ the puzzles, while challenging, are generally fun+ by far the most impressive element is the use of shadow play mixed with actual 3D movement+ Vaudeville-inspired atmosphere very well put together- if there is a downside to this game, it's the short length (finished it in under 6h)- the ending felt a bit rushed, even though the story itself does hold up (still, I guess the many small details you find along the way which help you put the story together before the actual reveal sort of make up for the rushed ending.)Overall, a puzzle/platform gem. Would definitely recommend it to fans of the genre and to fans of Vaudeville in general."
,Recommended,224460,13536425,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,•ゼノクリス•,"This is a short, yet amazing game. The story is quite interesting throughout and would love to see moreof it.Puzzles were a bit tricky for me, but I managed to get through it. There were some parts that seemedglitchy(especially with dashing), but not enough that would deter me from moving forward. I definitelyrecommend this game! Though not for full price considering how short it is. 75% is a great deal for it."
,Recommended,224460,18677802,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,AndreiaV,"I've just finished this game and I have a few thing on my mind right now.1. The graphics are amazingly beautiful, the colors work really well with the concept and I was, as a noir fan, intrigued from the start,2. The concept itself being the 4th dimension is mind-blowing to me. I really do think this game tried to reach a deeper level.3. There were some really good and unique puzzles that I really enjoyed.4. The very last minute of the game threw me for a loop.BUT4. The environment seems really odd at times. ""Lifeless"" as they say.5. The gameplay is unbearable 50% of the time. Glitchy and non-sense.6. THE STORYLINE. Ok now, my problem is here. The storyline is so weak it's almost ridiculous. There was so much potential in it that it makes me mad how the ending seemed rushed and overlooked. The storyline just didn't click for me at all.SO OVERALL:-If you are looking for a groundbreaking story, this is not the game for you.-f you want to enjoy a totally unique noir universe with really good puzzles (and you don't care much about the gameplay), try it out."
,Recommended,224460,7676494,"Posted: 16 November, 2013",all,Kelso,"This is a really nice, albeit short, little game made with a lot of interesting ideas and a beautifull artstyle. It uses light and shadows for everything, and the main character can jump from being a physical person to being just a shadow on the walls. I suggest you give it a try, I enjoyed the game quite a bit, even though it was a little buggy and awkward at parts. The devs deserve your support, they've really made something original here. :)"
76561198044665919,Recommended,224460,8661727,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Asti,"Shorter than I expected, but still amazing.Interesting gameplay, nice art and designs for both characters and areas, and if the story doesn't catch your interest at the begining of the game - the final Act might change that, too.10/10"
,Recommended,224460,11044015,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Troblems,"This game is horribly flawed, terribly short and so much fun. It's extremely buggy, but it's also one of the best, most creative puzzle games I've seen. It makes you think, while sucking you into the story of a broken family. It's pretty as hell, while making you feel like a child. I really wish the were longer. It also have very limited replay value. Find it on sale, if you can. Also, oh god, the voice acting."
,Recommended,224460,17888789,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Sultan_H,"OMG yes!This is a must buy, if you love puzzles this is the game for you; It took me back to portal 2 co-op just in single player.Amazing artworkChillin Sound tacksNice storyline with a bit of humor10/10 A must buy game"
76561198062188853,Recommended,224460,14042824,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,RoboRob,"Nicely styled art direction, a solid core mechanic, and a well paced and well told narrative are what make video games unique and interesting and Contrast has these in spades. Beautifully designed, this is an excellent showcase of developer talent and I hope to see more from Compulsion Games.Contrast follows Dawn, a mysterious woman with the ability to meld into shadows, as she accompanies Didi, a bright young girl who won't give up, on an adventure through the abstract and shadowy reflection of the 1920s. The game itself is short, I completed it in 5 hours but many of you might take less time. As with any game with a similar length, one can't talk about the plot without giving anything away and playing the game for any amount of time will plunge you straight in.The main mechanic of this puzzle platformer is the ability to shift into two dimensions and move along the shadows as though they are solid objects. Perspective puzzles are a favorite of this game, as are weighing down switches with boxes. Admittedly the controls, while mostly solid, are sometimes fickle. One puzzle towards the end took me much longer than the others; not because it was hard to figure out but because it was difficult to wrestle the object into place. one aspect of the game I felt could be done better is the collection of Iluminaries, objects used to power the machines in the game. while there are a surplus of them in each level, the game has a nasty habit of locking doors behind you. So in theory, if you failed to collect enough of these things when you had the chance then progression becomes impossible; though this was not the case for me, be sure to follow your instincts and deal with the main objective last.At the end of the day I think this game has a lot of ambition behind it and, despite a few hiccups here and there, was very tight and well designed. The game does feel a little bare bones but as with the hiccups I'm expecting that the next game by the Compulsion will solve these issues. I can definitely recommend this game and others from this up and coming developer."
,Recommended,224460,7665990,"Posted: 15 November, 2013",all,Engte,"Um jogo muito bonito, bem trabalhado, uma trilha sonora agradavel, puzzles de nivel medio e mesmo a historia sendo curta e com alguns elementos em aberto é um jogo que vale muito a pena ser jogado.XD"
,Recommended,224460,25430366,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,hoserama99,"I can never tell when a game will click with me. Contrast is one of those that I didn't think I'd like, but I did.The setting of the game is well-realized: art nouveau/art deco with a jazzy early 20th century theme. It was a fantastic change of pace from the usual common game themes, and it was well done here.As well, the mechanic of shifting into and out of shadow to complete platforming tasks was a neat twist on the usual platforming mechanics. I'm not a big fan of platformers (and this game didn't change my mind) but the novelty of this at least made it feel unique and somewhat fresh.The story was a nice noir concept, and it doesn't get in its own way with crazy twists - it exists and is fairly comprehensible, while suiting the game and its mechanics.As for downsides, I found the gamepad controls to be a little ""loose"" and slippery - movement felt overly-sensistive to me, and I sometimes had trouble controlling my jumps. There were a few puzzles that are not intuitive, but that's OK I suppose - the game isn't meant to be a complete cakewalk.I'd definitely recommend this if you're in the mood for something unique and noir and platform-y: 4 out of 5."
76561198037735346,Recommended,224460,9580634,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Thunder Chunky,"Over flowing with charm, originality and heart. Contrast offers stunningly beautiful visuals with a soundtrack to match, complemented by compelling and innovative puzzles. Easily one of the most important games I've ever played and one of my absolute favorites of all time"
,Recommended,224460,28809511,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Odin Asheric,"Not worth $10 but...The game is good, I loved the premise, and it had a good ending. But it was very short.Reasons i don't recommend it:Puzzles are very easy.Game is very short.Grab it if you can get it for less than $5"
76561198209341245,Recommended,224460,26047394,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,JOSEPH Y,best game i ever played. i love the songs alot
,Recommended,224460,26339465,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Earthan,"It's prety fun, the mechanics make the game unique."
76561198209895819,Recommended,224460,29557647,Posted: 28 January,all,biohazardgang,"Pros:- Great art style and music- Good story- Very interesting concept of playing with light and shadow. Puzzles come in good variety and they're not too hard.- Short and sweet. The game doesn't overstay its welcome.- Runs without any problem (My PC: i7, GTX1060, 32GB RAM, Win 10 64 bit)Cons:- Bad collision detection on many platforms. It makes the game kick you out of shadow and fall to your death from time to time.- Sometimes it's unclear where you should go or what you're supposed to do.- No replay value (unless you want to get all the collectibles you missed on the first run)Conclusion:Recommend for puzzle-platformer fans."
,Recommended,224460,21213263,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,GalerianXD1,"This is a game full of nice ideas and features a great little story delivered through clever platform and puzzle mechanics. Contrast also has a beautifully crafted film noir style 1920s world which is beyond beautiful and the soundtrack simply fits perfectly with the game and setting. The music captures 1920s cabart jazz and includes original tracks from Laura Ellis. Indeed checking out Cissie Redgwicks - Gimme That Swing (was used in the game trailer) is worth you time.The story features a little girl called Didi and you play the role of her dimesion hopping imaginery friend called Dawn. However as Dawn you can only see the shadows and voices of the people Didi interacts with. But you will also see an adult world through the eyes of Didi as she tries to understand grown-up problems and tries desperately to get her parents back together. You will need to slip in and out of the shadows to complete objectives and you will often find the need to move light sources such as stage lamps or three-dimensional objects to cast the shadows, which Dawn can then navigate in 2D and progress with Didi. Controls are simple and intuitive and dying does not impose any penalties, (I played with 360 controller) experimentation is encouraged.Definately worth the asking price. Now go buy it."
76561198136789464,Recommended,224460,30914543,Posted: 2 April,all,Cael Thavain #TF2SP,"Pros:-Art style is wonderful-Loads of references and easter eggs (if you can catch them)-Gameplay, as in it's interesting-Voice acting (other than Didi, god her voice sucks)-Easy to learn-Presentation-Story (not astounding, but good anyway)Cons:-Pretty short-Gameplay-Price (I'd say 10 bucks more like it)Why is gameplay both a pro and a con? Because this game is very charming and wonderful, it's gameplay included. However, the same mechanics that really makes it interesting also damn it so badly at times. I mean ♥♥♥♥, I was wanting to break my moniter at some parts because the game would not function by its own rules. This happans at least 5 times throughout the game -- these spots where unless you're standing in pixel perfect spots, or jump at the absolute perfect moment, you'll fail over and over.However, other than the length and Didi's terrible voice acting, this game is rather quaint and very enjoyable. I think the voice acting and art direction were just so on point, again, except for Didi. It sounded like they recorded her in a school hallway.If numbers suit your fancy, I'd say about an 8/10."
,Recommended,224460,7889291,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,hungprocess,"Good story, good music, interesting play mechanic, good stuff all around. Not super long, and heavier on story than gameplay, but I'm not sure I'd count either of those as a huge negative. As long as you don't go into it expecting some bajillion-dollar AAA project, you're in for a fun time. Looking forward to seeing what else Compulsion comes up with in the future."
76561198021692850,Recommended,224460,8085276,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Mindst16,"Truly innovative...Pros:new approach for a puzzle game, reminded me of Limbo and World of GooCons:short, sometimes problems with controls and getting stuck/game freezing (much better after patching)"
,Recommended,224460,7715272,"Posted: 22 November, 2013",all,Astorica,"It's great. Kind of short, but worth itSlightly buggy at points, but nothing that should ruin gameplay (this has probably been fixed)Unique mechanic with the shadow platforming, and changing back and fourth between 2D and the 3D world.It's open world is kind of linear, as there isnt really anywhere to explore other than story areas or dark alleys for collectibles.The environment is beautiful as well as stylized.The story is great and leaves on a cliffhanger, so I'm hoping we'll have some sort of sequel?"
,Recommended,224460,7937192,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,TopherXPwns,"Contrast is a beautiful puzzle platformer unlike any I've ever seen before.  Set in the 1920s Jazz-noire era, you'll be exploring the world as Dawn, an ""imaginary friend"" of Didi, capable of jumping into shadows to scale buildings and solve puzzles as you progress through the game.  It's got a ton of heart, imagionation and character to it, absolutely pick it up!"
,Recommended,224460,8894020,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Shadow Hugger,"Puzzle-Platforming, Film Noir Style.Contrastis certainly not for action junkies, nor for gamers who aren't all that interested in storytelling, but for me this little gem from Compulsive Games makes for an excellent puzzle-platformer.The big mechanic here is the ability to shift into silhouette form and solve problems with shadows.  It's remarkably adept at holding player interest becauseContrastgives us so much to do, from simple platforming to complex object manipulation.  The 3D platforming elements are minimal, though there is a fair bit of 2D-3D shifting in certain sections to keep players on their toes.Our intrepid developers have done very well with the Unreal Engine, bringing a dreamscape 1920s world to life with a unique art style that makes full use of a specially commissioned Jazz n' Blues soundtrack.  This game treats us the way a lot of independent titles should: like intelligent people who don't need a compass pointing towards every objective, or a full explanation for every plot point.It isn'tBraidorPortalby any stretch of the imagination, but it is an indie game that has been built with careful attention to detail and a clear love for simple ideas that lead into complexity.  A potential downside is that it's too short.  That said, I paid full price for the Special Edition and I'm not regretting it.So, action-seekers stay away.  Thoughtful types who enjoy their puzzles with a twist of atmosphere - welcome!Still not sure which way you're swinging?  Watch my full video review here:http://store.steampowered.com"
76561197967367030,Recommended,224460,9044690,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,MainframeMouse,"Beautifully crafted story in a very clever game.What it lacks in game time, it makes up with emotion and story telling. Great work guys."
,Recommended,224460,8433009,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,agroovywalrus,"This game has a lot of potential, from what I have seen it is pretty short, but the gameplay is absolutely amazing. I am very much hoping for some addon levels just for the fun gameplay."
,Recommended,224460,8679165,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Broken Mirror,"Intro:Well I first noticed this game shortly after I started playing Bioshock Infinite. It cought my eye because of it's art style. After watching the trailers, I added this to my wishlist and purchased it during Winter Sale.Well I'm not sure how to rate this game. It's really well done in the visual and aural departments. The atmosphere really transports that 20s France feeling. But there are some things to be improved.Graphics:Not much to rant about. Maybe that's because im easy to plese with graphics, as long as they just fit together. But there are some glitches, especially on movable objects (crates and balls). The puddles on the streets look more like ice than water. That's because there is no added effect if you walk through them.Audio:Also nothing to really complain. The music is well done and fits the scenery. I really like the track that runs during the menu screen. The voice acting is okay except for Didi. Her lines just sound ""strange"" every now and then.Controls:My main complaint. It just feels like one of those early cheap 3D games. I often had problems judging how far I could jump. It just doesn't feel right. But I got used to it after a while.Gameplay:You spend a lot of time shifting into the shadows to acomplish your tasks. Sometimes the engine seems to have problems if the surface you are moving on is not even. If there is a corner, that's also a problem sometimes. But at least once the game forces you to go around a corner (which is evenly lit), so it cannot be intentional that the game throws you out of the shadow realm.Sometimes there are new things to consider when solving puzzles. Unlike in many other games you are not shown that those concepts are there. Like shifting certain objects with you or moving objects using spotlights. I'm not really sure if this is a good thing or not. But I really liked finding those things out by myself. Maybe some optional hints would solve this ""problem"" for both sides.Story:To make it short: No epicness, no world rescue, no over the top characters, no ""only he/she can do it"". But nothing that special either... but as there hasn't been a story one could call ""groundbreaking"" or ""has never been done before"" in the recent past, I really like that simplicity.Conclusion:An artistically nice game with a few control hiccups that doesn't do handholding and is solvable without the use of walkthroughs or FAQs. Tells a down to earth fantasy story without uneccesary epicness. Buy it if you like artistically interesting games that don't neccessarily appeal to the masses.EDIT:What I really forgot:It would've been nice if there was some more interaction with Didi. She often just stands there and does nothing. It only was about two times that she assisted you in one way or the other. For example: the screenshot where she lights the way with a lamp? Never happened."
,Recommended,224460,8569673,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Hati Mooneater,"I simply love this game. Mechanics is awsome, the story is interesting... if it could only be a little longer than 4h of gameplay... maybe some DLC, an episode 2, anything? Please, I want mooore! :D"
,Recommended,224460,8597306,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Mistania,"I was intrigued by trailers and description of this game, but I'm pretty sure I fell in love with ""Contrast"" at the moment when I heard main menu music. Charming, velvet woman voice sounded like a promice of something sweet, precious and slightly dangerous... And all of those things create the world of contrasts, in which our heroine, Dawn, helps her friend Didi to find out her family's mysteries.I really love atmoshpere of ""Contrast"", dark streets with neon signs, unseen colors which blossoms in the streetlights (when graphics set on ""low"" worls appears much more colorful; I like darker city better, but I think it's interesting to play with both settings - just to see differences and to decide which world you find suitable for this story). Little things you will find - photos, newspapers, letters, etc. will make you better understand Didi's parents and the whole concept of traveling between 2D and 3D realms.Puzzles are not very hard, but quite nice and sometimes rather challenging.  I love almost all of them (except some parts of shadow theater).I like that the game has quite opened ending, and I like that there still are some questions left to be aswered by the player themself.Only one thing I didn't like in this game - I had leave game too soon to my taste. I'd love to spend a few more hours with Dawn and Didi. And I think so will you after playing this great game."
,Recommended,224460,8500707,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,☆彡|| Mnemyx,"I don't know if I *really* recommend the game.The concept/story is nice, the artwork is beautiful, but the controls are buggy to the point that I hated the game come Act 3. The weird clipping didn't help, and it's kind of pricey.On top of that, it messed up during the last part and wouldn't register when I was lighting up the stage. And I wasn't about to go through the lighthouse puzzle again, even if it meant finishing the game =/"
,Recommended,224460,8628958,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Wanginator!,Very clever.  Much better than anticipated.  And the soundtrack is good too!
,Recommended,224460,8685803,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Cap'n Berni,"Just an epic great game, waiting for the sequel"
,Recommended,224460,8847417,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,shivars,"Fairly short, and not too hard puzzle-wise - but these are good characteristics in my view.  I found Contrast to be a really nice relaxing jaunt with a nice art style (incl. music), straightforward fun gameplay, and a really endearing story - and the whole shadow thing was pretty neat.  There's not a lot of new ground being trodden, and some technical limitations (no AA, no 3D support), but it was a really enjoyable 3-4 hours."
76561198006667103,Recommended,224460,8530560,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Binarybob,"Pretty fun game overall. Cute story, fun game concept. Gets a bit repetitive over time. Could use a bit more gameplay."
,Recommended,224460,8625503,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Ragdoll,"You won't regret playing this game! The story is pretty good and the puzzles can be really tricky sometimes, it requires a lot of timing. The artwork is also gorgeous, I love the burlesque style so I got easily immersed into the game, which is short but provides a great experience."
76561197972123857,Recommended,224460,7774906,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Gnuttor,A gem that makes me happy to play.
76561198027930006,Recommended,224460,8273933,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,m3mphis,This game is really awesome in respect to story telling and world design. The riddles that had to be solved are not difficult but far from easy. However the play time is very short. I've played it for 3-4 hours. People with the ambition to complete all achievements will surely be bound another 1 or 2 hours.
76561198066006514,Recommended,224460,7715482,"Posted: 22 November, 2013",all,† Swan †,"Recommended : Contrast: Collector's EditionI luv this Game^^ 　This is Art.【+】1) Great music2) Nice graphics.3) Characters are individual.【-】Volume is not enough.I like the one which is not too difficult for me very much.This game matches my level and pace.(\__/)(>'.'<) / ♥　　男の人には簡単すぎるかもね。("")_("")"
76561197965317159,Recommended,224460,8025410,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,The Castrator,"Short and sweet are the words I'd use for this game. The music is good, the characters are charming, and the story really pulls you in."
76561197989196406,Recommended,224460,32189912,Posted: 4 June,all,Gaboou,"This game might be flawed and quite buggy / imprecise but its atmosphere and unique shadow mechanic kinda make up for it, in my opinion.I enjoyed the little story that's nicely integrated into the game and surpisingly dark(ish) and times.Buy it on a sale - preferably together with the nice soundtrack. ;-)I played using an Xbox 360 and later XBone gamepad - probably the best way of controlling the game.Unfortunately the game doesn't have build in Antialiasing so I recommend getting rid of the jaggies either by downsampling (if you have the required horsepower), for example by using nVidia's DSR or alternatively some third party AA injection program like ReShade.Overall a nice if sometimes frustrating experience. :)"
,Recommended,224460,29156931,Posted: 9 January,all,MygodStudio,"Pros:+ Cool concept+ Nice soundtrack and graphics for an indie title+ ~50% of the gameplay is pretty good+ Voiceovers+ Most puzzles are excellent and pretty straightforward+ Easy 100% achievementsCons:- The other ~50% of the gameplay feels a bit empty because of the lack of BGM/BGS (which kinda breaks immersion)- Confusing story- Why does the protagonist (Dawn) never talk? And furthermore she has the least character development, I still had 0 idea who she exactly was after finishing the game.- Glitchy gameplayOverall: Not bad for an indie game."
76561198080269294,Recommended,224460,30324447,Posted: 4 March,all,Shikaschima,"As someone who mainly plays games such as League of Legends, Heroes of the Storm, Overwatch or Terraria - all in all Multiplayer oriented games - it is rather rare for em to0 just be amazed by a game solely for soloplayer experience. Contrast was one of these games.The game is mostly focussing on the narrative, making you uncertain of how the story falls in place and even questioning your own existence as a whole until slowly it starts to fall in place like pieces of a puzzle. The atmosphere of the scenery surrounding you while playing gives you the feeling to run around in france during the 20th century mixed with Steampunky assets and apperatures.The gameplay itself is pretty self explainatory and straight forward. Blend into a wall as shadow. Move around. parkour. Solve riddles due to that. Sadly, the shadow mechanic is not that consistent throughout the game, screwing you over from time to time, pushing you out of walls for basically no reason before the next time you try letting you through instantly.If you like lighthearted riddles and parkouring as well as a nice narrative and aesteticly pleasing Steampunky landscape, I can only recommend trying this game out as quick as you can.10 outta 10. Will play again. (Sorry, I had to)"
,Recommended,224460,25461012,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Ivan Ivanović Ivanov,"Nice and short game. Goot puzzle with a good idea. Totally worth it, especially on sale."
,Recommended,224460,24608524,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,KennyT,"Although the game is short,it's still one of the best game I've ever played. Love the concept, the art, the environment, the puzzle, basically everything in it. But I got to say there are still some bugs need to be fixed.(I've finished the game 3 times lol)"
,Recommended,224460,14137605,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,DiamondXDestiny,"An awesome unique fast-paced game :)Completely worth the buy! Especially on sale! There is Nothing bad about this game!! Believe me, you don't want to pass this one up!Dawn the main character is exciting with her shadow abilities & I enjoyed being in her shoes very much~ looking forward to cosplaying as her in the near future.  The timeline ""Around 50's Era"" & artwork/graphics is so much fun! & the story is good.. which is always a great thing at least for me. I <3 games with awesome storylines!!  Very Enjoyable."
76561198272236584,Not Recommended,224460,24767934,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,RoseScabbard,"Honestly this game had so much more potential than it lived up to. I was really intrigued by the shift between the 2D/3D world, and the surrealist/psychological undertones, but those ended up being all for show. The game felt like a tease to a really engaging story and felt so underdeveloped and rushed. It was hard to really like it because the plot felt rushed in the beginning with hardly any build up and ended really abruptly. It was really a let down and I wouldn't play it at all."
,Recommended,224460,11073125,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,⊱ Xiin ⊰,"Although short, Contrast had a strong grip on my attention right from the ""Start Game"" screen; the amazing background music sets the mood of a 1920's noir ambience and the game's aesthetics were really beautiful (especially the lightings and the sky!). The game's unique art and playstyle of shifting in and out of 2D and 3D was what really caught my interest, and so I got the Collector's Edition of the game (worth every penny!). Tricky to maneuver jumping and shifting at some parts, but once you get the hang of it, Contrast is really cool!To sum up, Contrast is a short but really beautiful and unique game with a decent story line (if only it was a little longer). Contrast 2, maybe? *hoping* :)"
,Recommended,224460,11146185,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Sickologist,"Fun and clever. While the gameplay is rich, it's dissapointingly short, even if I did move through most of the game with Shift+w ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)"
,Recommended,224460,13551298,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Stoolfeather,"Much Contrast, such Wow!"
76561197988300537,Recommended,224460,12756701,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Stevek,"Bravo!  Encore Encore!Spectacular in every way.  Great story, terrific platforming and puzzle solving elements.  No penalty for death.  Wonderful characters.  Great art.  I generally don't like puzzle platforming due my short frustration fuse.  But Contrast was just perfect.It only took four hours to complete, so my only complain is that it is too short.  Probably not worth it at the list price of $15, but on sale, it was worth every penny.I LOVED this game!"
,Recommended,224460,7746007,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Yesiamaduck,"Fantastic asthetic & Great concept let down ever so slightly by lack of difficulty, minor bugs and some flawed controls. Contrast is a charming game but it's strengths lie in it's ideas and environments and not so much in the characters or gameplay, it's also fairly short with me finsihing the game (without 100% collectables) in just over 3 hours.It's far from perfect but if you look at the screenshots and think you'll enjoy it and don't mind a game the priorotises the in game world and visuals over actual gameplay you'll enjoy yourselves but as a game it's kind of average."
76561197968560626,Recommended,224460,7878141,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Nessuna Luce,"Fun, intriguing and esthetic pleasing platformer!Contrast is a game that focuses on a handful of characters, their trouble and individual wishes and does a great job at it, it takes place in a weird world where only your character and a young girl is represented as you would expect, everyone else appears as shadows and speaking of shadows - You have the ability to enter shadows and must do so in order to solve various puzzles and progress to new areas.Pros+ Beautiful and intriguing esthetics+ Well told and well paced story+ Characters you bloody care for!Some characters represented as shadows have morepersonality than fully represented characters in other gamesNo seriously!Cons- Minor issues on launch- Quite short... 3-6 hrs I hear most complete it on, personally did 4hrs first runBottom lineIf you like slow paced puzzles, well told story, interesting characters and beautiful esthetics - BUY this game!Hell, get the Collecters Edition the devs deserve it!On a bottom note it seems the Devs actually takes the time to read, reply and actually listen to its community- holy hell Batman how often does that happen!?Also don't get fooled by the launch trailer this is NOT an action game, its a slow paced platformer and its better for it!(oh and in case you think I can't spell properly : Esthetics and Aesthetics is the same thing, one is English the other American (as far as I know)! just FYI :)BUY THIS GAME!"
,Recommended,224460,8048341,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Poisonous,A really charming and fun little indie game!
,Recommended,224460,26315707,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,.Reflected.,"An awesome game I could recommened to anybody who likes film noirs, burlesque, weimarer cabaret, vaudelle or victorian era / steam punk influenced madness."
,Recommended,224460,7744761,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Niesrind,"I saw the trailer and preordered. Games with jazz music are rare and the interaction with the little girl and the shadow world looked like a lot of fun.Here come the ""buts"":- the interaction with the little girl are minimal - I think it's only one time where she holds up a stick so I could jump over its shadow.- the gameplay isn't as fun as one might think it is from the trailer.- Animations are a little strange/cheap- it's only 3-4 hours ""long"" !!- replayability is almost non existentSo if you're aware of that and want to spend an evening in a 30's jazz scenario:Wait for a deal."
,Not Recommended,224460,12997649,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,RemyLabue,"Contrast is a 3D puzzle\platformer that takes place in a world full of magic, cabaret singers, and burlesque shows. It utilizes a 1920's 'French Noir Film' art style that is unlike any other game I've played. The character design is beautiful, the voice acting is amazing, and the jazzy soundtrack fits the world perfectly. I can't stress enough how much I love the look and feel of this game. Yet, I can't recommend it, which is particularly disappointing considering how much there is to like here.You play as Dawn, a woman trapped between the worlds of light and darkness, and who cannot be seen by anyone except for a little girl named Didi. Didi's parents have broken up, and with the father out of the picture, her mother works at a nightclub to pay the bills. This, of course, means nobody is watching the little demon-spawn and it's up to Dawn to keep her out of trouble. Easier said than done, since she insists on roaming around the city at all hours of the night, refusing to listen to reason, and all you can do is enable her.The entire game revolves around a shift mechanic that allows you to become a shadow, an ability you will need to solve puzzles and progress through the game. Adjusting light sources to cast shadows to interact with is this game's bread and butter, and you'll be doing a lot of it.The problems with Contrast start almost immediately. While the puzzle mechanics are unique and interesting, they are a bit buggy, and simple platforming can be difficult with controls that don't feel tight or responsive. Dawn has a tendency to get stuck in the environment and other shadows as well. There are even a couple of places where dropping an object in the wrong spot could result in the player not being able to progress further, forcing them to load the last checkpoint.Once the game defines the parameters on the first couple of puzzles, it doesn't change them up much and they can become repetitive fast, which really shouldn't happen in a game this short. Which brings me to the biggest issue Contrast faces. The entire game can be completed in under 3 hours, and the ending is exceedingly abrupt. All of these issues combined leaves me with a feeling that the game is unfinished. Almost as if Compulsion Games ran out of money for the title half-way through development. Obviously, I do not have firsthand knowledge that this is the case, but I can't shake the feeling that I'm playing an Early Access game, and not a full release.Altogether, Contrast is a game that should have been a one-of-a-kind, beautiful experience. When a bad idea becomes a bad game, it's expected, but when something that starts off this amazing falls flat, it's all the more frustrating. I expected better, as did most gamers, and in the future I hope Compulsion learns from their mistakes, and releases games that shows us all what they're really capable of."
,Recommended,224460,9062007,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Rumpellieschen,"Ein wirklich sehr schönes innovatives game. Man steuert den Charakter in der 3D-Welt und kann in die 2D-Welt (Schatten) wechseln.  Die Rätsel sind nicht übermässig schwer, vielleicht auch etwas zu leicht.... Das ganze ist sehr atmosphärisch, schön inszeniert und mit gelungenem Sound. Leider weist das Spiel noch einige Fehler beim Wechseln zwischen den beiden Welten auf. Gebe aber trotzdem Kaufempfehlung!A really nice innovative game. You control the character in the 3D world and can switch to the 2D world (shadow). The puzzles are not overly difficult, perhaps a little too easy .... It is very atmospheric, beautifully staged and with a successful sound. Unfortunately, the game have sometimes problems when switching between the two worlds. Nevertheless, buy recommendation!"
,Not Recommended,224460,16446972,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,General Kass,"We should adress the good first, because what's good about this game is really good. The setting and tone of 1920's noir is brilliant and it shines through in every area; it feels like a mixture between the Sierra Madre and Bioshock's Rapture with the unique lighting, it is one of the best looking worlds ever seen in a game. Additionally, the voice acting is pretty solid and its interesting how you never see the side character, but you see their over the top body language in their shadows, which is quite entertaining in a Vaudville/Groucho Marx way. On top of all of this, the story is pretty good and surprisingly charming.However, that's really the end of the good stuff. Like Limbo, contrast has a really good idea, but fails to do anything interesting with it past the very first puzzle.Almost every puzzle is a varitaion of pressing a button to make something in the room move, which creates a shadow ramp.Unfortunatley, there are two big problems with the shadow platforming, which is supposed to be the star of the show.The first problem is that you will periodically stop being a shadow. You'll be standing somewhere and if you hit something (because shadows act like solid objects) you might instantly get out of shadow mode.The second problem is that the platforming is pretty shotty with landing detection and there are times where it looks like you should be able to make it, only to clip through the shadow, meaning you have to start all over. This is especially problematic during the second act, where you have to climb a massive building using the shadows of a carrosel to climb a large rotunda. If the platform detection messes up at all, you have to start all over.Additionally, there's an entire section of this game that is a direct ""homage"" to Limbo. A section in which you run away in a dark shadowy world from a giant spider. This amounts to about 1/10 of the whole experience, which really shows that the developers were running out of ideas at this time.Because of its incredible short length of about 3-4 hours, its boring and repetative puzzles, and its buggy gameplay I can't reccomend this as a game, but I can recommend it for its story and style"
,Recommended,224460,8410227,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Lady$wan,"Amazing game , i love it"
,Not Recommended,224460,11335202,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Pixel Shark,"My suggestion: wait for a sale.I feel so saddened that a game I have been tracking since initial release wasn't what I expected, at all. The concept of the overall storyline is interesting with the main character, Dawn, jumping between a shadow world and a 3D world. However, the game mechanics are sloppy and sometimes so bugged that it can ruin the game. At one point, the little girl, was a static figure and simply slid across the screen for an entire Chapter. Other times, Dawn seemed to hit this invisible wall when doing different jumping puzzles, making some jumps almost impossible to do smoothly on a first run.The puzzles themselves were interesting and sometimes frustrating - which is always good. However, they sometimes would get so buggy...My other main issue with the game was the general graphics of the shadow people. They were exceptionally blocky and I felt that the developers had gotten really lazy. I could see seams on forearms and their mouths never moved even if they were deep in conversation. I felt like they were more like puppets than people.I also realized, after game completion, that there were significant plot holes surrounding some characters. I have no intention of spoilers, but it is really frustrating when a game feels incomplete in their storyline.For the full price, it is not worth the four hours of gameplay. I highly recommend that you wait for a sale and buy it on a whim. I loved the concept, the voice acting (Jensen from Deus Ex anyone?), and the film noir style of both music and setting. However, between the bugs, the blocky animation, and the weak ending, I really felt cheated."
,Not Recommended,224460,11623019,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,ShepherdMonk,"Contrast is one of those games you really want to be good, but then just isn't quite.  The Tim Burton-esque setting and neat shadow puzzle platforming you get to do is interesting for a while, and then the game ends.  In retrospect you then realize you listened to shadows talk to each other more than you jumped from one place to another and wish you had done something else.  Not worth it."
76561198047008207,Not Recommended,224460,12919550,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Ecchi,"The idea of using shadows as platforms is an interesting one; shifting your character back and forth between shadow and light adds new variety. The 3 hours of gameplay doesn't allow enough time for this idea to evolve. Most ""puzzles"" end up being nothing more than jump - shift - jump - shift. To make matters worse, platforming is a bit clunky. I felt like my character was alittle too big for the world. Missing an easy jump and falling to your death is infuriating, but the game is really forgiving, almost always reloading near the last jump. The main plot, although nothing more than a mellowdrama, hid behind it the more interesting subplot of the player's identity. This, sadly, is only hinted at in clues in the environment and pointless 'collectables'. Then the game ends, not really concluding anything, even the main plot.  I really wanted to like Contrast, but there isn't enough of a game here to recommend to anyone."
,Recommended,224460,13000578,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,I AKU!,"Contrast is a decent game, its has a fantastic atmosphere and decent writing, but the platforming can be quite janky and frustrating. Not entirely memorable or a must play, but its worth it, especially when its on sale."
,Not Recommended,224460,22442165,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Dravvad,"Disappointing for such a game that really could have been amazing. The general premise of the game, both story-wise (Didi and parents) and gimmick/mechanics-wise (using shadows to navigate and solve puzzles), was interesting enough for me to give the game a shot in the first place. I also enjoy the noir style and going back almost a century ago to a different type of world.However, the game really let me down. There's just too many issues that all stack up against it, and the quality of the game seems to bounce back and forth as you play. The story starts off without much information, though I did get into it once I started picking up what was happening. But there are a lot of weird background details that are never explained at all, and nothing much seems to fit together. I also did not think there was much of a climax, and the ending of the game felt very cheap.There is no real environment to the game, as the world is weirdly disconnected and with missing areas and emptiness. Basically, there is no ""life"" to it, is a better phrasing. You just go through hollow areas to get to the next mini-cutscene, and then solve a puzzle. While the visual art style of the game great, and some places look very beautiful, the lack of anything actually inhabiting the areas ruins it. And though the game's gimmick, as I mentioned before, is dealing with shadows, I didn't enjoy every character except you and Didi being shown as shadows. It just felt cheap and as if the developers didn't want to do that design. It only furthers the lack of ""life"" in the game. And the dialog and sound of the game also was nothing special. Nobody gave any performance that was great, and I think a good few scenes actually lacked any good emotion.Then you have the mechanical problems, showing that the game wasn't fine-tuned or even tested that well. Your character's movement is pretty far from good, and I often found myself glitching around, especially when you are in the shadows. One of the things about the shadows is that if certain moving shadows are about to crush you, then the game pops you out of the shadows, which is understandable; however, I found myself popping out of the shadows at random points without anything touching me, causing me to fall down and making me start parts of puzzles over and over again.When it comes to Didi, who you are following around, they were very lazy in her movement as well. I would often see her animations entirely stop, so she would ""walk"" without any motion. She doesn't move her mouth when talking, at least as far as I saw. And half the time you were supposed to find her somewhere, I would walk into the room or area and see her in ""generic 3D model"" form, standing in place with arms and legs rigidly stretched out as if someone is in the middle of editing her design.And in terms of actually playing, it seemed like ""Saving"" didn't actually mean the game was saving, whenever it popped up. At least twice, I exited the game to stop playing after it had finished saving, and I came back each time to find that the game jumped back at least 10-15 minutes, so I would have to redo some section. For instance, it did this in one of the carnival areas after I completed it and then quit the game.Finally, the length of the game - it is way too short, and with all of the issues, it all made it even worse. I don't know if the developer just didn't have enough money at the time, or they just chose not to clean things up or test enough, but the game is very lacking in pretty much every area. It could have been a really great game if they had put in more work."
76561197960275258,Not Recommended,224460,11750766,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Flathead,"Nice aesthetic, terrible gameplay."
76561197992528533,Not Recommended,224460,9145972,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,sib2,Original idea is cool and visual design sometimes great but most important thing - gameplay is boring.
,Recommended,224460,9143411,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Dedemaru,"Contrast's charm is evident from the moment you start the game. As soon as the first title screen comes up and you hear the stylings of 1920's blues, you know you're in for something different. Contrast takes place in an atmospheric France, 1923. You're a mute acrobat that can merge with shadows and you're followed by a little girl named Didi. Didi is the star of the game, her perfectly casted voice actor and her adorable lines will have you thinking ""Who the hell is Ellie?"". The noir aesthetic is reminiscent of Dishonored meets Bioshock meets Boardwalk Empire. The acting, story and scenery feel authentic to the era. The gameplay is perfectly simple, though the puzzle aren't much of a challenge. The past three years have been landmark years for the downloadble/indie game scene. The quality of absolutely great and relatively cheap titles rivals that of their AAA counterparts. Contrast is, without a doubt, a legend among it's peers; Bastion, Braid, Brothers: A Tale of Two Sons, Castle Crashers, Guacamelee, Insanely Twisted Shadow Planet, Journey, Magicka, Mega Man 9, rain, Shadow Complex, Skullgirls, Stacking, Super Meat Boy, Terraria, Torchlight II, Trine and more. In my opinion, the game tops most of those. There isn't much to say about the game's flaws. It's unfairly short; I collected every collectible, completed all of the achievements and still clocked in at 4 hours. A gem like this deserves to be a lengthened experience. Aside from the game's length, there is a clear lack of polish. Had Compulsion Games taking more time to test the game, we wouldn't have to be putting up with invisible walls or floors. While they weren't too frequent, they were uncomfortably noticable. At one point I left a building, turned around to go back into the open door and couldn't because of an invisible wall. I walked forward a bit and came back and was able to go back into the building. Though I am convinced these blemishes are related to an overbearing publisher wanting to rush their investment out,  small details like these and the game's length are the only thing that keep it from being a perfect game in my book. Anyone looking for a unique experience, pick Contrast up. It will definitely continue to go on sale, so do yourself a favor when you see it marked below it's normal price of $15.99. Games like this, from independent developers are on the rise, and as gamers it's up to us to support their new ideas in an effort to show the multi-million dollar publishers/developers that bigger isn't always better.[9/10]"
,Recommended,224460,9142215,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Smeg77,"NIce game if a little short, can be completed in 3 hours if you're collecting everything and trying to get 100%.Instersting 'story' and unique gameplay, worth it when it's in the sales"
,Recommended,224460,9149347,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Chini,"This is what i like about video games. Its DIFFERENT and obviously fun.Great game that could have explored much more the ""shadows"" theme but i still enjoyed the puzzles  and the story its pretty intriguing. Dont forget that its cheap also. Worth it."
,Recommended,224460,14381464,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,giljaysmith,"Lovely and disturbing and sweet, and the shadow technology is magical, but unfortunately the actual mechanics of shadow-platforming are often underwhelming. Short enough that this doesn't really matter, though. A memorable little game."
76561197983450449,Recommended,224460,13439723,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Xenephon,"Nice Premise jumping between 3D world and 2D in the shadow mode. I would like to see more especially in moving of lights and realworld objects to alter the shadow environment. Short game about 3~4 hours. Though I enjoyed the puzzles more of the difficulty was getting the controls to stay phased in the shadow environment,"
76561197993554298,Recommended,224460,8657435,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,piratebobdamnit,"Fun, but short.  It's the kind of puzzle platformer that Zelda: A Link Between Worlds was based off of."
,Recommended,224460,7839916,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Kota,Pretty uniqe game love the story reminds me of a tim burton movie in a way. Great indie  platformer.
,Recommended,224460,9207493,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,nothingsworking,"This game has a really unique atmosphere with the jazzy, classy music and its nice shadow&light visual.If you enjoy platforming puzzle games, you should give it a try.It's not too long (took me about 3 hours), not extremely hard. It was just the right amount to make me think and don't get stuck to the point when I rage quit.The game has it's ups and downs. There's a little girl who loves playing and being a child but she also has her troubled family life which unfolds through the whole game. I would recommend getting the collectibles. They give you a much more complex and understandable story."
,Recommended,224460,13450939,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Berbo,"Unique and very interesting puzzle game with 2D, 3D elements. Beautiful graphics (art), characters and an interesting story.Apart from having a very low number of bugs (getting stuck, objects hard to move) the biggest con in my opinion is that the game is rather short. I've spent around 6 hours to complete the game and to get all the achievements.Let's hope there'll be a sequel.7.5/10"
76561198123605326,Recommended,224460,18813492,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,S`Nakamoto,"Addictive game with interesting story and fun (sometimes confusing) puzzles, but very short :("
76561198027102438,Recommended,224460,13568775,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,meself,"There aren't that many games which would make me (or anyone) say ""Wow that was cool"" after they come to an end.This one did it to me!Contrast is an innovative game, taking some well known video-gaming genres and making from them something we haven't seen a lot lately (if at all), with its main downside of being very (!) short and perhaps a little rushed.The main ""punch"" of Contrast is the you'd play around not only in your old-regular 3D world but also in the shadow world, yes, you'd step into a wall and become your own shadow.Sounds simple, but fortunately Contrast doesn't just use the one and only gimmick it creates in order to try and make itself a good game, but also wraps it with some great graphics and sounds, interesting characters and a moving story in an exceptionally good noir atmosphere.Too bad you can easily finish this game in about 3 hours, and if you like to take your time like myself, and explore every corner.. You may reach 6 hours. No more.The game is also mostly not very challanging, and despite the interesting gameplay you can easily rush through the game, most of the time. And when you have some difficulties it would not necessarily be because of a challanging puzzle, but because some minor technical issue, as you may notice that the game and its mechanics aren't 100% polished.I'm aware that the developers are new, independent and small company. But at some points I did wonder whether that's the reason for  those few and usually minor flaws in Contrast, or simply because it was too rushed.Anyway, it doesn't hurt badly to my appreciation for this game.Because of its great artistic values, because of it being new and unusual and yet so good and engaging, it may even be worth those 15 bucks, and I'd definitely recommend this game."
,Recommended,224460,9218635,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,yoshoslav,"Beautiful game with simple, yet entertaining story. The atmosphere built with sound and visuals is amazing. On the downside, it's pretty short and ends quite suddenly (leaving a room for a sequel, I hope)."
,Recommended,224460,13606317,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Zachary3D,"This game is great! After completing it on 3 different platforms now, I still enjoy the story.A very Noir feel with an excellent music score.9/10 Would definitely recommend! Commonly on sale, too :)"
,Recommended,224460,13594824,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Wery Big Monk,"Great puzzle game with 3d and 2d jumping around figuring out puzzles, nice story and interesting characters.That being said, not all shadows are created equal... or solid surfaces for that matter. There are a lot of places where lack of testing shows. Some floors aren't solid and character falls through, some shadows look like useable, but aren't. In some places you can't get into without apparent reason,  there is just an invisible wall in front. Controlling character is difficult at times, unnecessary pauses after cutscenes when character can't move. Shifts into above-view scenes where controls aren't clear and sometimes reversed, too small tolerances for wrong moves in these situations. If you walk in wrong way while figuring out controls, you are shifted back to normal view with a long pause in between.Alt-Tab crashes the game 7/10 times... why? U3 engine does it so well in other games.Hopefully these gets addressed, even if not in this game, perhaps in sequels or other products from authors."
,Recommended,224460,24126917,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Planet Smasher,"I absolutely love this game! Unfortunately, looks like the creators had some time/budget issues while making it, but still it leaves you with a lot of good questions and thoughts. I really like the visual aspects, the colors and the universe they live in. You're gonna fall in love with Dawn and Didi, and you'll never look at shadows the same way again. It could be longer, though.TIP - if you have issues with inverted Y axis, there is a solution here:http://steamcommunity.com/app/224460/discussions/0/666828127049814033/"
76561198071757062,Recommended,224460,9165378,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Sayuri the Shadowmancer,"A very excellent and dynamic game, not too puzzling, while not too hard. It has a great storyline, plus excellent music when they are on (if you don't mind slow almost soothing music). The transfer between 3D and 2D with light and shadows is simple, except for a little times a wall can accidentially make you switch from shadows to 3D even if your not forced out of shadows normally. (Happens at a few locations -I counted 5-, you can easily adjust to get across these)"
,Recommended,224460,9182069,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,FoosFodder,"Great game, BUT very disappointingly short. I love it when puzzle games make you think out of the box. This game is very clever and I enjoyed it immensely. However, I still feel cheated out of my money even thought I only paid $8.99 for it on sale. 3 hours of gameplay is a very far cry from what I would have expected.If it ever goes on sale for < $3, I'd say you should definitely snag it."
,Recommended,224460,15522412,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,emil_hedgehog,"Interesting platformer with some puzzle elements, based around the use of shadows in order to progress through the challenges that are presented. Set in Paris and heavily influenced by jazz and noire films (with a great soundtrack to show for it), and although it is short I would recommend to those who are interested in the shadow mechanics or want a nice, short game experience."
,Recommended,224460,13164370,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Rogue,"Good, but not great.  The noir environment is excellent, and the story, while trite, is still engaging.  The shadow mechanism is cool, but the execution isn't perfect.  There are a couple puzzles where you will spend many frustrating minutes trying to keep Dawn from popping out of the shadows when she shouldn't be.  Overall though, I enjoyed the game.  It only takes a few hours to complete the game, but that is fine with me -- I don't have the time for 40+ hour games anymore."
,Recommended,224460,9066487,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,V6th,"Contrast is a short, but sweet game. The music and over all atmosphere is great and the puzzles aren't too easy or impossible. The biggest complaint is it's shortness. I managed to play through the game in just less than 3 hours. Although I didn't get all collectables, I did get most of them. Few small bugs made me have to restart the level to get ahead, but fortunately this didn't happen often.I recommend playing this game, but you might want to wait for a sale since it really is short."
,Recommended,224460,14492803,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,☆ گ Ⱦ λ Ʀ گ ☆,A little to easy but good idea.
,Recommended,224460,16263308,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,BillyBobBaggyBottom,"A short game with an interesting concept, contrast is a puzzle platform game based around lighting effects.The story revolves around a child Didi and her silent shadow jumping imaginary friend Dawn, to whom you control. This game is rather mature and deals with many adult situations from day to day life. Set in a noir mid 1900's city, the ambient is that of night clubs, bars and cabarets. Most of the story events are told through the silhouettes of the secondary characters sometimes having the player be prompted to intervene.All gameplay revolves around Dawns abilities. In shadow form she moves on a 2D plane where she can reach difficult locations and resolve puzzles, like taking a heavy object from the ground to a higher location made possible via the 2D shadows. Very rarely is the objective or next point of interest not made clear, but deviating from the path has it's own reward on finding more story elements, like memories of past events and collectables.Sound is a positive, each location has its own themes and sound effects that plays really well with the way the narrative unfolds, considering that most the story is told via silhouettes the sound becomes rather important. Voice acting is pretty solid and old timey that fits the time period.The game does end with a sort sequel bating, and unanswered questions, one of which is made right at the end of the game, which for me is a negative but not so much that I couldn't recommend this game.If you like perspective puzzle platformers, early 20th century noir visuals and a bit of drama, I can recommend this game. It's not the most original game out there, but what it does it does well and certainly has its more charming moments that stick with you."
,Recommended,224460,16900628,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Minitrue,"Cracking little game, oozes a noir atmosphere, a little bit of surrealism and a little bit of science back when things like Tesla seemed unwordly. The game isn't long, a few hours will see you through the whole thing, but it's a rich and amazingly visual trip, with some clever platforming and puzzles that make great use of light and shadows.If you want to see something innovative and an experience that doesn't come along too often, grab this game and give it a play."
,Recommended,224460,16591463,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,.PAL21,"Overall great game, fun game-play, few puzzles, cool looking trading cards & sweet ending, it was worth the purchase. =]"
76561198107961881,Recommended,224460,23450735,"Posted: 8 June, 2016",all,FiregirlChi,"Absolutely gorgeous game, if a little short. I played through it in approximately 4,5 hours. The storyline is intriguing and the artwork catching. The shifting between 3D and 2D is interessting but gave me some problem with a few of the puzzles.If you have a couple of hours to spare I would definitely recommend it."
76561198051256306,Recommended,224460,16442844,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Rorschach Daemon,"I loved this game. Like others, I do wish it had been longer, but I got the game on sale for five dollars, and I had more fun with it than I have with a lot of movies I paid more to see. Yes, there are a couple bad camera angles and bugs/glitches/questionable design decisions in regards to the shadow mechanics, but overall I feel like this game was an amazing ride and a true breath of fresh air in the gaming world.I played it straight through when I downloaded it, played it again after to do all the collection stuff and such, and I am sure I will play it again in the future just to take in the story and atmosphere again.8/10. Would be 10/10 if it was a little longer while maintaining the same level of quality."
,Recommended,224460,13273627,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Pepethor,"I loved it, for the most part.It's an indie game so I wouldn't keep my expectations so high. I'm not tryin to say it's bad, it's beautiful, but it has some downsides that frustrated me time to time.Visual art and music is just beautiful. The idea of going into the shadow dimention to solve puzzles is executed nicely, with some minor set backs. The story is good, it carried me to the end.I would recommend this game to gamers who love artsy games like Mcgee's Alice or The Path, and - or people who like innovative puzzle games such as Portal."
,Recommended,224460,16659981,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Sunfyre,"Very lovely game. Beautiful concepts. A bit short, but you can play again. I did so."
,Recommended,224460,13147858,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Cthulhu Girl,"First playthrough time: 4 hoursMajor Pros:Interesting world, shadow people, and art styleGreat 2D/3D combine puzzle mechanicMinor Pros:Interactable objects are highlighted wellLight sources for building your 2D terrain are easy to find and manipulateMajor Cons:Easy to ""slip out"" of 2D puzzlesCamera angles matter when dashing in 2DMinor Cons:For those interested in the collectibles, you can't backtrack if you miss somethingPuzzle objectives aren't always clearRunning in the 3D world sometimes feels too fast while walking feels too slowGame textures and model polygons could've been a little higher resThe artistic world and 2D/3D blended puzzles are the big selling points of Contrast. The game has a solid 1920s feel complete with gangsters and big show biz. For some of the main story puzzles that are timed (you have to finish it before another character does something), you can find out some interesting alternate-ending-esque information by letting time run out. The 2D/3D puzzles were my big attraction to the game. I think the concept is really great and the dynamic manipulation of the 2D landscape using light is pretty terrific, but a little buggy. It's unfortunately easy to fall out of the 2D world, particularly when dashing over anything slopped, and bumps in the wall itself can create unexpected shadows that'll knock you out into the 3D if you walk into them. I could see all these things easily being fixed in a sequel with better collision detection and a little more optimization of the 2D world. No unexpected weirdness was encountered in the 3D."
,Recommended,224460,16551231,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Villermen,"This game is good, but very short. Using shadows as a puzzle element is great and requires different thinking, like a puzzle game is supposed to do. Setting is very film noiresque, and fits the whole lighting theme, but is just not what I'm into. The story, although way more detailed than you'd imagine for a 2.5 hour game, just didn't get to me. In the few hours that I played I did encounter quite a few bugs with the whole shadow mechanic, which frustrated me a few times.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=HEIiiyYlKaQI expected this game to be more polished and lenghty. I still recommend this game just because it was very fun to play, for as long as it lasted."
76561198077261353,Recommended,224460,16634605,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,JacOfHearts,"It's great. It's just... it's great. It's beautiful, it's creative, and it's lovely.I was asked if the puzzles got repetitive, because most of them are ""move box to thing."" And that is true, but the game was only a few hours long. If it went on much longer, I feel like it would have gotten repetitive, but as it was, it was the perfect length to not get boring.There were a few puzzles that were kind of dumb, where I felt like I was kind of cheating by doing it the way I was, because I couldn't figure out what it wanted me to do. None of them were really frustrating, and the one time that I looked up how to do something, it was simply because I overlooked it.I'm all about collectables, so it was really jarring for me to collect something, which was something like the 15th out of 20, when the previous one I had was maybe the 8th. Then later, as I progressed, suddenly I got those bits. It looked as if I had forgotten them, and the way they were ordered for the second half of the game made me constantly question if I got everything.There were also a few occational blips in the graphics, where it suddenly felt like an early Playstation game with how things moved or reacted, and I caught a couple T-poses if I got caught on something. Certainly nothing game-breaking though - just took me a step back from the magic. Sometimes shifting into the shadows would be aggrivating as well, and it just... wouldn't. I would do it again and again and suddenly it would work, and then it wouldn't do it again when I wanted it to. Frustrating, but nothing worth quitting it overDispite these things, the game is lovely. The art is lovely. The world is lovely. I wish that there was more going on, a sequal in the same space, or something. Maybe a second episode. I want more of this world and this cool ability, but maybe with a different puzzle designer. I would totally reccomend buying it if it's on sale, that's for sure. It's absolutely worth the few bucks. Ful price, ehhhhh. Didn't quite fall in love with it, but certainly had a big crush on it and made it my wallpaper for a day or two."
,Recommended,224460,13580129,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Catherine,This game has a beautiful art style and really interesting puzzles. The main character looks awesome and the whole game is just so unique and creative :). Definitely recommend. The one thing i would criticise is that lack of saves!!!.Aside from that. I like it a lot :D.
76561197998675051,Recommended,224460,16539823,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Aftiel,"I like this game for the things it shares with Portal.  It's a platformer with an intersting story and one very intersting mechanic.  It's lasts exactly as long as needed to explore this mechanic and then has the grace to end.  The art is visually engaging, the world exatcly large enough to be fun to explore without being tediuos and story precisly as deep as the game requires.All in all, a very plesent way to spend 3 or so hours on an afternoon."
,Recommended,224460,16463466,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,snipatomic,"This is a beautiful game with unique and fun mechanics alongside an engaging story (albeit with a strange premise).It is exactly as long as it needs to be without overstaying its welcome.There are a few minor bugs here and there, and some of the transitions from one area to the next can be a bit abrupt, but overall, it plays nicely.The only disappointing thing is that while the shadow/physical mechanic really has a lot of potential, and some of this is realized, it would have been nice to have seen some more challenging puzzles.It's not a long game, but the experience is easily worth the $5 or so on sale, if not the full price."
76561198065379875,Recommended,224460,17904966,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,dryfter7,"While the game is fun as a puzzler, it doesn't work as a platformer because of the sloppy controls of Dawn.  The music is great and the atmosphere is fantastic although the total game is very very short.  It will only require about 3-4 hours of straight play to complete.  For the price, it's a lot of fun with the expection being the poor controls.  I would recommend it though."
,Recommended,224460,17113425,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,SelvujenkaGardenovna,Anyone who liked the 'Pan's Labyrinth' will love that game. I have no regret for purchasing that one.+a game and a real artwork+and Jazzy soundtrack is great
,Recommended,224460,16964742,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,D$ [*],"I really enjoyed playing Contrast, enough to farm all the achievements (a rare thing in my case).+ Great idea overall+ Excellent Atmosphere+ Great Soundtrack and Artwork+ Enjoyable Story- Very short game (first playthrough took me less than 4 hours)- Seems a little unfinished at times- Puzzles are rather easyI had a lot of fun playing Contrast and it left me wanting more. I could have done with at least another 2-3 hours added to the story though. It feels like the developers really put a lot of thought and love into the game but then got rushed to release it before it was finished. Would still highly recommend the game , maybe wait for another sale before picking it up though."
76561198019898292,Recommended,224460,13819592,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,jonathanmmack,"The originality on display here makes up for the frustrating controls and lack of polish, JUST.  Whenever I came close to giving up because the dash is almost impossible to control, or in the bits that are simply constant-fail trial-and-error attrition, I was rescued by a fantastic mixing of game and story in ways I'd never seen.  The brevity of the game very much works in its favour and the concepts on display here are promising for future projects from this team.  More money and time, this could have been GOTY contender for me.  As it is, it's just really interesting.I'd wait for a sale if length equates to value for you though, I finished it in 3 hours and I'm not eSports so you could probably do it in 2."
,Recommended,224460,13615389,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Lueta,"I first played this game in Target on the Playstation 4 as a demo, and found it to rather amuse me admist the staleness that consumed my soul as I waited my father to finish shopping for Theros knows what. Unfortunately, I at that time, and actually currently still do not own a PS4 and was not willing to invest in it for a single game....then I found Steam and purchased the game on there...eh here. It's a really low investment puzzle game that keeps you entertained with a really needy little girl, a weird family dynamic (like what's up with them being shadows), accurate and pleasant musiv given the time period it's set in, and well enough graphics that you won't rip your eyes out from the lack of. I haven't finished the game because I get bored of puzzle games after a bit, but if you do find the time, you should be able to beat it in a couple of hours and walk away feeling relatively pleased."
76561198091288120,Recommended,224460,15859036,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,SCREAMINGkitkats,Very beautiful and brilliantly thought out story line. Only downside is some very minor graphics problems when shadow jumping through walls that have indented sections or pillars attached. Overall: Great game :D
,Recommended,224460,16025906,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,SWEtea,"This game is so beautiful, fun and has a great story behind it.Too bad that it's so short and I was done after just 3 hours playing this game.Buy it on sale not worth the full money."
,Recommended,224460,8036877,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Tmask,"Such a fantastic game that really gets a lot of video game aspects right.The concept is unique for a platformer, and the level design is actually creative and challenging.  There are points where you can freely manipulate the shadows in the world as you desire, which allows you to be creative in how you solve the puzzles.  THe voice acting is above-average, especially for Didi, and the character design is allows you to quickly relate to the main family.  The plot iself only really kicks up at the very end, but even so, the twist ending makes you feel warm and fuzzy inside after you've become so attached to each character.There was a lot of love put into this game, and it shines through (pun intended).  Definately pick this up if you want a quick and fun game.  If you don't want to support the eight developers who made this game, buy it so you can see Kat's giant shadow-cleavage."
76561198020245068,Recommended,224460,13711339,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,BadKarmaZen,"I really loved this game. It really captures the vibe of paris in 1920, in a 'noir' theme. Although you only see the people through their shadow, except for Didi, you get emotionally drawn in the story.The main power of your character is swifting in and out of the schadow, and the puzzles are neatly build around light and shadow.To show how good this was, I can only say, that I compare the feeling, fun, and mood of this game with Psychonauts, specifficaly the level, where you need to help the Painter, and the level of the Milkman. If you loved those levels, you will enjoy this game aswell"
,Recommended,224460,7942153,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Souza,"Having just started the second act of the game, I marvel at the fabulous use of light and scenery as a storytelling mechanic.  Though I often eschew platformer games myself, the story makes the platforming components an engaging part of the game rather than something leaving me dissatisfied.  The story so far is sort of haunting and certainly engaging, if predictable at times.  Though sometimes the shadow/reality transitions can be tough to gague properly, the game doesn't punish you overmuch for it, which is a definite boon to those short of patience."
76561198089472763,Recommended,224460,18365662,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,sarahfoster411,I liked this game but i think u need a controller. it's a bit on the short side. the controls aren't the best but the puzzles make u think.
76561198024842109,Recommended,224460,16654189,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Yuugal,"This game had it all and I'm glad I bought it.   Great story, music, puzzles, all mixed in with awesome art and voice acting. They had me at ""you can move from 2d to 3d and back"" but the game was so much more. IMHO this was one of those games that would have been a bargain even at full price."
,Recommended,224460,14869431,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,-norther-,"Nice little game with unique shadow-jump-and-run gameplay.Short but gameplay-matching story with nice visuals.I encoundered no bugs or glitches, which was a pleasant suprise given the quality of some other games.I enjoyed the ride. 8/10"
,Recommended,224460,8634723,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Todza,"Great artistic storytelling, wonderful ambiance and musics."
,Recommended,224460,7913795,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Rekyua,"Good game, but really short. It'll last just over two hours for a full playthrough. Maybe longer if you care about collecting but not by much. The story is told in two ways, through playing and through collecting. You can find tidbits throughout the stages that reveal more to the main story and about what is really going on.The gameplay is quirky, it's got it's moments but it's really a basic platformer. Some of the 2D areas are really glitchy and you might end up repeating them a lot due to controls.I can recommended this as a game, but at it's price I say wishlist it and wait."
76561197979653221,Recommended,224460,9897082,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,Bolter,"Contrast is a game for those seeking a story-driven experience rather than a lot of action or brain teasing. The game isn't exceptionally long and rewards taking things slow to view the environment and attend to the story surrounding little Didi's broken family.The main gameplay mechanic which the puzzles are framed around is that of shadow manipulation; the player character shifts in and out of shadows on the walls to navigate through the environment and achieve each goal. This mechanic is extremely well implemented and the puzzles flow very logically. Not exceptionally challenging, but still well worth a look for the engaging story and atmosphere."
,Recommended,224460,9468238,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,FluffyPavillion,This game a a puzzle platformer. And it is a very good one. The sound track is very solid and the lighting and shadow engine is very good. The story is also very grabbing that takes time to get into.
76561198161703556,Recommended,224460,13741941,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Bittersweetlexi,"I am a sucker for games with beautiful stories, this game gave that plus an awesome soundtrack. The gameplay is not that difficult. Some puzzles , platforming, and cutscenes."
76561198040818803,Recommended,224460,8520976,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Annie McMeme,A well done game with an original story to it. The music is fantastic and I can't stop listening to the soundtrack!Now you are thinking with shadows.
,Recommended,224460,9748929,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,eami,"I've pre-purchased it, and well,,,, took a while to spend some time with it, but even though it's far from perfect, I really enjoyed the atmosphere and unique game mechanics. It's a bit short, but still worth it's price. Thanks devs!"
76561198099446362,Recommended,224460,14746297,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,Muze,"This game had so much potential, but ultimately I was disappointed by it. With more work, this could have been a great game.Contrast is a game with a novel mechanic: the player moves between a 3D normal world and a 2D ""shadow world"" to solve platform puzzles. It makes for some really challenging puzzles, but unfortunately, this system can be buggy and unwieldy at times, making some of the puzzles much more difficult than necessary.The game took me three hours to finish. It's not a long game, and I feel that is its biggest weakness. It lacks the depth of a truly immersive story. At the end of the game, I was left wanting more. More backstory. More plot. More explanation. More puzzles to solve. I feel like so much more could have been done with this game to give the player a really good story.The story is set in a beautifully-crafted, dark, intriguing noir-20's/30's world with heavy steampunk accents. The level modeling and art are excellent, but the character modeling and voice acting leaves something to be desired. The actors are rather unpassionate and unconvincing.Contrast is a fun little game, and I definitely recommend it. However, I think it could have been so much more, and ultimately I was disappointed by its lack of depth."
,Recommended,224460,21146226,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Jasteria,"Once you get your head around the controls, this is a neat little game packed full of interesting puzzles.The soundtrack is incredible, the voice acting is on point and the art style is very noir and 1920s.The idea for this was clever. The story starts off great, but felt a little crammed and rushed at the end.I recommend this fully, but suggest you get it when it's on sale!"
,Recommended,224460,29560574,Posted: 29 January,all,dkid_luke,a cute little puzzle platformer. short though and puzzles are easy. something to buy and play when you are bored
76561198045472859,Recommended,224460,29700312,Posted: 4 February,all,Decima_ZA,"Contrast is a beautiful game. It has a non-complicated story line (very simple really), but thought provoking. The way it is told is enjoyable, and the puzzle element of the game is not too difficult, nor is it brain dead easy.The game proceeds at a leisurely pace, and I enjoyed it thoroughly."
,Recommended,224460,26150132,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Vimael,"I only recommend this game if it's on sale. Never at full price.There's a few things this game does wonderful and a few other that don't.The artwork, voices (mostly Didi's) and the couple of songs are good. Also a couple of mechanics are cool.On the other hand there's the gameplay, jumps are often buggy and glitchy, even more shadows when there's columns in them.The game won't take more than 4 hours even after all achievements.The puzzle design is rather simple, I only had trouble with two of them because one is a platform jump very calculated and the other is a puzzle that uses a mechanic never explained.Regarding the story they could extend it a lot more, the main character at least. It ends abruptly and quite... unfulfilling.I give the game 4/10"
76561198061824645,Recommended,224460,26073186,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,wesleto02,"Short, clever, intriguing, and most importantly a unique experience.The games store page hopefully says enough about the game play.With the ability to jump into a shadow, you solve puzzles and get over obstacles by using and manipulating light sources.I recommend this game because its one of those games that isn't very long, but when I finished it I was left with a very intense feeling of satisfaction."
76561198059683895,Recommended,224460,26097891,"Posted: 18 October, 2016",all,mellow-mellow,"one of the best plots I've seen in a videogame, atmosphere is great and perfectly designed... BUT, game mechanics aren't user friendly at all, and you'll end up doing the same frustrating step over and over, breaking the spell that the story would otherwise have been able to create"
,Recommended,224460,25442830,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Guanjyn,"Good game (definitely worth the sale price), but it has no AA, which really hurts the graphics (which are very good, along with the art style). If you have a 1080p monitor and a decent video card, just play it in 4K. I rarely dip below 60 fps."
,Recommended,224460,14557502,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,RazBerryPony,Awesome game. First played it on a freinds ps4 but didnt finish it and was really happy to see it on steam
76561198258884643,Recommended,224460,33100941,Posted: 1 July,all,queenundy,"So, I just finished the game, and I loved it.It wasn't too long, and I could easily play it through in one go, so, if you haven't that much time on your hand, but want to experience an interesting and beautiful story game with flair, and riddles, go and play this one.I especially loved the design, and the music :3The controls were a bit off sometimes, but I played worse.Over all I really really liked the game, and you should definitely give it a try~"
76561198125859806,Recommended,224460,33329145,Posted: 6 July,all,Raptor God,"Wish this game was longer, it's absolutely charming, smooth and the graphics and soundtracks are amazing. Totally worth the price."
76561198057903777,Recommended,224460,33348136,Posted: 7 July,all,Lissy,"Just finished the game and in all honesty, I enjoyed it. I didn't have issues with controls as others are stating, but then I'm used to old platformer type controls, the game was easy with a few moments of frustration but overall not bad.It is however quite short, I completed it in about 3 hours and that was playing quite slowly and really taking in the beautiful artwork, etc. All in all bought in the sale, worth it at sale price. Probably worth it at ordinary price too but reiterating that its quite short.Side note, when the hell did games become so achievement giving! Felt like every step I took I got an achievement XD"
,Recommended,224460,33418215,Posted: 9 July,all,Kushina,I love the combination of the world in the light and the shadow. Very nice and interesting story.
,Recommended,224460,33448530,Posted: 10 July,all,Raindrop,"While it's really rough around the edges, Contrast is a lovely little game with a great visual identity and a compelling yet short story. This is kind of game that needs a sequel, a proper execution of an already incredible idea."
,Recommended,224460,33439588,Posted: 10 July,all,Heward69,"Absolutely loved this game. It's pretty short, but tbh that suited me just fine. The mechanics are great and the style/setting are simply amazing. Pick it up on sale and you can't go wrong."
76561197970395275,Recommended,224460,33458794,Posted: 11 July,all,markbonaccorso,"this is a good and fairly original game, it has basically one major game mechanic and puts it to good use"
,Recommended,224460,33324058,Posted: 6 July,all,HellSingLove,"POSITIVE: The game looks great with the colours and graphic design. The characters also seem to have an interesting story going on, which makes you want to continue playing. 2D and 3D concept is also nice and gives you a great way to explore the world in different ways. Though I have not yet completed the game I have been enjoying the storyline and the characters I have seen so far.NEGATIVE: Like others I have also experienced glichtes here and there not major ones but a little annoying. Also the controls are a bit ""wonky"" at times, however I have been playing with the mouse and keyboard as I had no gamepad controller at the time.Overall I guess if you like a intersting concept of the game and are interested in the storyline, characters etc I would give it a shot. So far I actually liked the game and would recommend the game."
,Recommended,224460,17921523,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,<™[-=> Cookiez <=-]™>,"Okay game. Kind of short. 2 hours and I finished it. It's so simple I think I'll just go for the achievements. The story is a bit peculiar. Sometimes, you will be wondering if everything is in Didi's (little girl protagonist) head. You'll be wondering if you are playing Tim Burton's Psychonauts. You might be assuming that Dawn (shadow girl) is actually grown up Didi but the ending may change your mind. The ending is really interesting. The subtle hint with the hand is quite ""Hmmmm"". Multiverses.I would recommend that you get this on sale at a really low price. It's too short and it's not AAA. But it is ingenious.PROS1. Ingenious Use of ShadowsI love the way the shadow world works on the wall. It's different from games such as Soul Reaver where you alternate between dimensions to find missing pieces. Having a flat surface and light creates very interesting situations.2. DashingQuite fun to use. Fast to transverse the map.3. PuzzlesVery nice. Loved the Solarium. Had to pause for a while to think of where to adjust the correct distance and angles to place the gears. Too few puzzles though and most of them weren't much of a challenge.4. Pirate ShipQuite funny5. Princess StoryLoved it, especially the ridiculous commentary when you fall onto the bamboo. Poor Fred.CONS1. Shadows and Rounded Surfaces, CracksBuggy. The shadows don't work well when it come to cracks and rounded surfaces. They tend to throw you out from the shadow world.2. Way Too Short2 hours is way too short. A slight waste of money. I was hoping for at least 10 hours. I was actually expecting Vincenzo's story, Knight's story, the gangster's or Salvo's story and a little more about Didi.3. LuminariesWhat's the point of collecting all the Luminaries again? You only need 2/3 to power up the lights.NEUTRAL1. CollectiblesThe photos and news clippings are a bit ""meh"". They hardly add to the story since the game already tells you about them."
76561198006640506,Recommended,224460,30453319,Posted: 11 March,all,Zentak,"This is really a nice little game, easy to miss though as it seems to be a bit underrated.I really liked the 20's vaudeville/ film noir atmosphere, the design of the puzzles and the narration. The voice acting is also very convincing. And the game is unique with its mechanic of manipulating light source to solve the puzzles: this forces to think a bit out of the box.On the downside I wish there was more of it: with about 4 hours of gameplay, I felt the end was a bit rushed. I'll probably come back to it for the few details I missed during my first playthough, but there's not much replayability.One minor issue I had were some glitches: sometimes the controls can be a bit clumsy, and I got stuck 2 times in the wall and had to reload the game (bad collision detection I guess)."
76561198009430218,Recommended,224460,16572323,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,JacoRay,"Contrast succeeds at being surreal and cute at the same time. Cute only because of the secondary main character and her naivity.As a 3D platformer, it is very short, but boasts a wonderful art style that is also creepy in a Tim Burton kind of way.You play as Dawn, an 'imaginary' friend to Didi, the daughter of Kat and Vincenzo. Didi's adoptive father is actually this guy named Johnny who's trying to make a name for himself. The overall story has overtones of mafia involvement, magic, illuisions, etc. It has a very early 1900's feel to it but the world is so surreal with the city that the game takes place being on floating islands. And the clockwork systems and other stuff.The standout element is the ability to shift from the real world to the shadow world, similar to, I think it's Paper Mario where he can stick and travel on the walls. Or one of the Legend of Zelda's where Link actually does transform into a shadow of sorts. Well, it's like that. Dawn has that ability basically.I guess my only complaints would be the lack of ambient sounds and the length of the game. Otherwise, pretty good.7.5/10"
76561198031749387,Recommended,224460,16718722,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,silversnake7,"I'd consider ""Contrast"" one of the ""Indie gems"" of our time.It's a modern game with some fresh ideas, but also obvious roots in some classics.The whole design, the art, the music, the story, the levels, the mechanics, it all plays together very well, creating a rounded experience.The story soon became more intense than I expected, driving me forwards, wanting to know what happens next.The levels, puzzles and platform sequenses aren't very big or difficult, though sometimes there are little to no indicators what to do next, just a little exploration or trial should provide the solution.The main mechanic of using light and shadow is just amazing, used in various ways, keeping it interesting, only sometimes it seems a little rough/ glitchy.The only ""negative"" i could say about the whole game is that i would've wished for some more of it all, a little bit more story, a little bit more gameplay to go through, (even) more things that could've been done with the mechanics and a bit more smoothing out the little edges of the game. So i would wish for a bigger, second part, or a spinoff or something, but that's not even really a bad thing to say about ""Contrast"" itself."
76561198068919027,Recommended,224460,7892793,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,dana13424,"Contrast is short, has a few minor bugs and flaws. There was actually a lot that erked me. For example, the game screwed with my mouse sensitivity in game, so i had to tweak it so the camera wasn't making me dizzy. Also, it was a bit more demanding on my pc then i thought it would (but my pc is old. Any up to date pc should do fine). Fixed camera angles when interecting with objects can also be a bit obnoxious.However... for the flaws, this game was really enjoyable. It's a bit of soul food, makes you think and ask questions. It feels substantial as far as the story and the world is concerned (Some say gameplay is lacking challange, but for me it lacked a lot of the frustration that can come with some puzzle games with obtuse solutions. For example, the secret star solutions in Braid, one of which requires you to do nothing but wait for nearly 40 minutes or so). The art is fantastic, definitely different from what i've played recently. The Music and overal sound design is wonderful, though the voice acting isn't the best.Contrast is one of those examples of ""Games are Art"" while still being a game, as opposed to a tour with some narration over top. If you don't mind a short, but fufilling experiance or some so so gameplay, and you want a great story, world, and overall aesthetic then pick up contrast. If you want something challanging, lengthy, and a bit shallower (i.e. good dumb fun such as Painkiller) then look elsewhere. A game for when you're in the mood, and a damn good one if you end up playing it in that mood."
,Recommended,224460,16481791,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Vi,"TLDR: Interesting game with interesting ideas, smooth gameplay and a lovely story-presentation. Unfortunately too short and expensive (when not on sale) considering the amount of content it offers, but still worth a try.Full review:A short (REALLY short, finished it with 100% of the achievements in under 3 hours) platforming game which in a way reminds me of the Portal games since, as one of the game's achievements references to by name, rather than thinking with portals here you are ""Thinking with Shadows"". Can't reach your objective in the 3d perspective environment? time to start looking for a way to make the shadow of objects, buildings or ""people"" (even tho they are invisible to your eyes) help you, so that you can then shift into the walls and do 2d perspective platforming with the shadows. The fluidity in which you do this change between the 3d world and the 2d shadows is very smooth. Yes you will run into a few ""buggy"" spots but they are few and don't really break the gameplay.Story-wise, it is a charm. You could consider it 2 stories, one of the young girl Didi's desire to be with her parents and to make them be happy, which is the focus point for most of the game's lenght, and a more subtle one which springs up near the end related to Dawn, the character you control, about who exactly is she and why she has the powers she has. Mind you, its not the best story ever but it works well for the game and the way it is presented is pretty good.Again, short game and expensive considering the amount of playtime it can offer (I'd recommend buying it when it is on sale with a 60-ish or more % discount) but what little you get is in my opinion quality content worth checking out. Hopefully we see a similar premise, or maybe even a proper game sequel, in the future from this developer."
76561198050750789,Recommended,224460,7689136,"Posted: 18 November, 2013",all,tAreqSm1Le'^^!,"u can control with her to walk in the wall to be  ( shadow) and to do some puzzles ,and help that girl with u and do what she says to you .woooow Epic Game ,  never seen like this ,  it is easy game and u can finish it in 8 hrs  but 8 hrs like u r watching  a movie , can't describe how amazing is . try it ."
,Recommended,224460,23259435,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,stereoparade,"An interesting and quick platformer with some serious style. The story is rudimentary at best, and is freely given away to those too lazy to guess by the end of it, but if you look closer at what is happening it's not hard to figure out."
76561198012833532,Recommended,224460,22102432,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,Awesomo 2000,"Gorgeous, filled with noir atmosphere and shadow play. It is pretty short game, but I enjoyed every minute with it and it left me full with emotions."
76561198067842146,Recommended,224460,20420040,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Catkimi13,"I certainly loved playing this game, lost quite a few hours in game play. Still trying to find all the hidden objects - although I have already completed the game twice, as I try not to cheat and look at where others have found them."
,Recommended,224460,9060313,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Scoli,"Pretty fun game, but just like Portal, too short. Really fun idea and I hope they expand on it in the future. Also good game if you wanna get another 100% achievement game :p"
,Recommended,224460,9058341,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Keroberos,"really interesting story, pulls you into the game and gets you hooked. Plus, there's a Tardis easter egg..+Storyline and overall feel of game+Fresh new gametype-Stiff controls-Quite glitchy in places"
,Recommended,224460,8981003,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Leon2394,"Really fun game. Love the level design and the music is amazing. Strongly recomend for anyone who like's a good puzzle game, and a shocking noir/sci-fi storyline. Great gameplay for jumping in between the shadow realm and reality. Can't stop listening to the music."
,Recommended,224460,8992587,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,alantmh,"There's something special about this game, maybe you'd spect a larger gamebut the lenght is just enough to tell the story of this little girl in her world full of imagination.This game have unique parts of history and really cool puzzles.Graphically It's looks gourgeous, the shadows and colors are just great.Also he music reminded me the movie ""Moulin Rouge"",If you love puzzles you'll find this game as an awesome experinece, but if your are watchingfor a game to spend more than 6 hours you'll be dissapointed because this game is very short...but really it's a satisfaying game that you should try by yourself."
,Recommended,224460,9031413,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Cereal Box,"Though i only played this game for a bit, I'll say it's really good if you're a puzzle lover. This game is not for FPS gamers but for those who like to play RPG games and indulge themselves on the moral and the plot line of the story. im gonna say this just to be helpful, it's a bit glitchy on my PC so i advice that u to get it on console since personally i think it's better (im more of a PC player btw)"
76561198023110900,Recommended,224460,9056648,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,texazsun,This game was a lot of fun.  It looks great and the soundtrack really does it.
76561198027177984,Recommended,224460,9057576,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,jasonkordecki,The story is great if not a little *snif *snif at times. The gamepad controlls are good but seem slow to respomd at times. Been a while since I've played a platformer so my timeing isn't the best but it's not so frustrating as to quit. I highly recommend for the music and scenery alone.
,Recommended,224460,9060518,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,mliyanagamage,"While the gameplay might be a bit meh, but the music, atmosphere and themes makes this a great game."
76561197999268016,Recommended,224460,9058615,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,† Alucard †  The Noob!,Love it! Plz make more!   ^_^
,Recommended,224460,9058290,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,avocadoranger,"Awesome, atmospheric game set in 1920s. The plot, the music (and surely the main character - a vodevil dancer) is pleasurable to watch/listen :)+ a quite interesting plotnice job"
76561198309362894,Recommended,224460,34198893,Posted: 12 August,all,sammzi,"This is a game of utmost brilliance! Such a shame it's so underated, the singing is lovely along with the entire game concept. I can never look at a shadow the same way again. The characters are great, I wish there was more!"
,Not Recommended,224460,17654632,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Mr. Calamity,"I really did wanted to recommend this game I tried really hard to love it, but I could not it fell short on a couple things that I could not get over. The reasons to love the game are the art and story both of those are amazing especially the art. The game looks simple amazing I loved everything involving art and music. Music did not shine as much as the art but had a lovely theme and does help set the mood with the story which was a good mix of dark and realistic, but was able to keep it light hearted at moments. The main issue I felt was the gameplay, puzzles and platforming. I would not say they are difficult but I felt the controls left a floaty feel when trying to do precise motions in the game that made certain puzzles frustating to work with the jumping to shadows was neat but that was part of the floaty feel issue where it looks like you should be able to make it but fell short or getting stuck between objects while being traversing through.After thought though I do trying it out if you get the chance through a friend or maybe watching a lets play."
,Recommended,224460,34850248,Posted: 9 September,all,Love Hart,I absolutely LOVED this game! Two thumbs up!
76561198085845512,Recommended,224460,34890014,Posted: 11 September,all,DeadEyeMaster1,"This game is amazing.A masterpiece of shadow and light, and great storytelling.I still couldn't forget how devs put the characters conversations into a gameplay, the movements, the gestures, everything, is usable to let you progress. This is, amazing.This is the indie we need."
76561198065212662,Recommended,224460,25432338,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,theNexus,"What a strange and wonderful game. Pick it up on sale and enjoy the shadow mechanic. The puzzles are simple, but this does not ruin the game."
,Recommended,224460,18139606,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Mutated.Francis,Contrast is a puzzle game with excellent choice of music.
76561198199986197,Recommended,224460,24167271,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Taubengrau,"I seriously loved this! And I'm glad I didn't listen to the mixed reviews but instead followed my intuition.This game reminded me of an unexpected cross between Limbo, Life Is Strange and Bioshock Infinite with some Tim Burton influences (and a faint déjà-vu of Alice: Madness Returns during one of the levels), and on top of that, it's really well done! The only few and in between moments of frustration were some glitchy/fiddly shadow jumps and the solving of some non-obvious puzzles (but that's actually a good thing!). Other than that, I have no complaints whatsoever, except maybe how short it is: I played it through within one sitting of 4 hours. It's atmospheric and suspenseful and emotional and I REALLY recommend it! It does deserve a sequel (though I heard Compulsion Games are busy on another project now)."
,Recommended,224460,11021999,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,spiii,First impressions: clever mechanic in a beautiful noir setting and … mystery! Check it out :)
,Recommended,224460,24219401,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,SILENT-FLASH,i wish it was longer and i hope their is a sequel it has good atmosphere a very interesting story i actually liked everything about it so sorry i have no cons to list
,Recommended,224460,35190845,Posted: 24 September,all,Randium,"Old, but still good.The game, as you can see in the trailer, lets you move into the shadows, and explore a world in two worlds - the normal one, and the world of the shadows. The story is kinda cliché and predictable, but the gameplay makes the game worth playing.What's so good about it?The concept behind the game. Each puzzle is unique, which makes the game bring a variety of complex puzzles demanding creativity and fast-reacting action-based levels.I did say the main story was cliché, but I didn't say the lore behind the Contrast universe is back. The illusionist Vincenzo, a character in the game, leaves many questions as to who you are, why you are there, and if the story is happening in another universe or not.Besides the story and standard objectives, you can also find some collectibles along the way. They aren't essential for the game, but they do clarify some of the background concepts. One of which is who your character, Dawn is.It becomes clear throughout the game that people cannot see you. Close to the end, at the lighthouse, you can find a letter about a woman disappearing, including photos of your character.SUPER SPOILER:I'm still not sure, but I'm guessing Vincenzo asked Dawn to ""disappear"" and take care of his daughter.Is the game still that perfect...?No. Naturally, there are some things to say about the game. Sometimes, you can't find any solutions to cross a gap, so sometimes you're finding solutions that make you feel like you're not solving the puzzle the way the developers wanted you to do. The borders of the map also are giant gaps, where the world just literally ends. Later on in the game, you'll find out that it's supposed to be like that, but I personally think they could've thought of something esthetically more pleasing.Summary(+) Cool shadow concept(+) Predictable but enjoyable story(+) Increasing difficulty - from easy to harder(+) No repetitive puzzles(+) Sexy main character (everyone know what herrealjob is ( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)(-) Some of the shadows are little buggy(-) Some objects and textures seem a little out of placeI would give this game a6/10. It might be a little expensive as its usual price, but when there's a sale of at least 25%, I'd recommend this game."
76561197984785481,Recommended,224460,30012018,Posted: 18 February,all,[DSDIZZT] Lalle75(GER),"It is a very nice game. A good idea and very fine light effects. Although it was a little short, I would buy it again for a discount."
,Recommended,224460,11873725,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Ducky,"Short but sweet. Contrast is a very creative game, unlike most of the games I usually play. While it has its share of flaws, i.e. gameplay feels clunky here and there, it totally makes up for it with surprisingly interesting characters and fantastic music. The game is short, and the end left me wanting more, but despite some frustrating moments, I just finished it with a satisfied feeling. I was really rooting for Johnny to get his act together, and I think, most people will. I got Contrast for a nice deal (during the Canada sale), so I'd really recommend you spend a few euros or dollars if the game is up on sale again. It'll be worth it."
,Recommended,224460,13652439,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,NullDivision,One of the best adventure games I've played in a long time. Combine a Tim Burton-esque setting with neat mechanic and an interesting story and you get Contrast.
,Recommended,224460,13593227,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,[BN] BeNo ❤,"Contrast is a nice puzzle game with an amazing atmohphere, a good storyline and great music.I need to say the gameplay/the control (technical side) was kinda frustrating. But i loved playing it.A fantastic point is that you can switch between the ""world of shadows"" 2D and the ""world of lights"" 3D.Its a new game genre, like a combination of Limbo, Alice: madness returns and BioShock.It took me 4-5h to complete, which is too short but still:A Game worth playing... don´t miss this one. :D"
76561198138421897,Recommended,224460,25493698,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Doggedfrog,"Beautiful game with beautiful music. Contrast is a great platformer with somewhat challenging puzzles. Most are pretty easy until you get towards the end, then they are quite hard to figure out. Although it is a short game (I beat it in 3-4 hours) I would still recommend it because it is still very fun. I did have a few glitches when I played like being shot across the room if landing on something at a weird angle but I think it only happened a couple times. Achievements are also pretty easy to get. I got most of them without even trying and found all the collectibles exept one."
,Recommended,224460,26552638,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,Winter [Wild Hunt],"pros: really good presentation & voice acting, creative puzzles consisting of in-and-out shadow form with platforming, a well paced 3 hour game, collectables and easter eggscons: some puzzles could of used fine tuning instead of trial-and-error. Although dawn's design is hella sexy, she could of had a whole lot more to her character.Overall, this is a shadow-themed game that peaked my interest all the way to the end (unlike alan wake). The story could of used a bit more depth, the ending could of had a little more to it, but this is a game that most people would enjoy playing with a bit of challenge to the puzzles.Contrast has my recommendation!"
76561198364345580,Recommended,224460,33113550,Posted: 1 July,all,rjrocks.19,excellent atmosphere.very absorbing and the sountrack is a must.
,Recommended,224460,17906796,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,MaxOfS2D,"Very charming platformer with a novel twist. One major flaw: it controls and behaves like an early PS2 game, especially in the way it handles cutscenes. Thankfully the game is short enough that it doesn't become overly irritating."
,Recommended,224460,14563100,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,3.1415926535...,"This is a game I was interested on since it was in GreenLight, and one of the few games I've pre-purchased (afair it might be the only one). I finished it a long time ago, but my first pre-review was not complete so here I go:Contrast is beautiful (very beautiful) at both graphics and OST (as long as you like jazz music), original in its gameplay and not too long but neither too short (though an additional chapter would have been welcome).The negative point I would mention would be about some few - very few - animations and textures that could have been improved, however being an indie and, afaik, the first game of the studio, I think these little sins can be forgiven.But the main thing I really don't like, though is not about the game itself, is that even having pre-purchased it and existing no special edition at that moment, now I find that there is and that contains the OST (which I'd like to own), but with no option at all to upgrade to... imho this is not a very nice way to reward the ones that believed in the game (and no, iTunes is not an option to me)."
76561197992535537,Recommended,224460,32754335,Posted: 24 June,all,WWDragon,"Fun little game with a nice story.Surprising twist, if you collect and read all the things you find in the world."
76561198010505891,Recommended,224460,22874776,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Gaghskull,"This game is a fun little puzzler. If you get it cheap, I say go for it."
76561197995669628,Recommended,224460,26253614,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Sorokonojka,"Contrastis a story driven puzzle-platformer game with interesting light mechanics where you manipulate shadows to create a path. Platforming is not very challenging so it feels more like eye-candy game with some casual puzzles. Overall a unique narrative experience that should take you around 3 to 4 hours to complete.There are some minor issues with gameplay and infrequent glitches like getting stuck but overall Contrast left a positive impression because it is such a beautiful gameI am completely in love with the noir & surreal art style design of the stages. Environments are very exaggerated so it looks like you playing inside a dream or fantasy painting. The lack of characters is probably a budget problem but in a way, it complements gloomy atmosphere that I very much enjoy.The story at first seems very down to earth but the ending kinda puzzled me in a good way. You actually use cutscenes as a platforming objects which is a cool way to tell a story.Despite the weird nature of this game, it is not a hard game to play. Perhaps it depends on a person but I had no problems getting in and out of shadows when It was needed. There were few moments where it was a bit junky and I plummeted to my death but checkpoints are very close so it was not a big issue.Perhaps my only serious problem with the game is the lack of music during puzzle sections. Contrast has some good music but it goes silent during most areas where you stay for 10-20 minutes. Maybe it is a design choice but I really hate doing puzzles with nothing playing in the background.I beat this game just under 4 hours but the quality of the stages justifies the relatively short game. Also, I will play it at least one more time just to collect all the clues but replay value is only held by the art style.Verdict 8/10Not every platforming game needs to be hard or complex. Contrast was relaxing and enjoyable experience even if gameplay felt slightly lacking. It may feel a bit empty when there is no music during puzzles. However Contrast's artistic vision and compelling storytelling were worth my time."
,Recommended,224460,13122363,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Allessier,"Definitely would recommend to anyone who likes atmospheric games with some mild platforming and puzzle-solving. Set in a beatiful world of noir shadows you play as Dawn, an acrobat and a shadow person, and help out Didi while moving through 3D and 2D worlds.Some slight problems with camera angles while playing with a controller."
76561197973400135,Recommended,224460,12355499,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Theplayboy0,I was pleasantly surprised with the quality of this game. If you're looking for a stress free single player game this is it. Good story and unique puzzles. I recommend!
76561198035182410,Recommended,224460,25964668,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Metzelmax,Do you really need a cutsceen every 5 seconds?
,Recommended,224460,8038413,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,xWASHUx,Fun to play with a awesome in game soundtrack but has a very small problem with 1 or 2 shadow puzzles that has a corner.
76561198125302905,Recommended,224460,12396354,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Fallen Askari,This game was extremely fun if you like puzzles but sadly short.
,Recommended,224460,12468971,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Duracell,A really good game!Good graphicsFantastic artistic styleAwesome atmosphereEngaging and solid gameplayThe shadow mecannic is just great and uniqueInteresting characters and storyline (i'm currently in the beginning of act 2)All in all one of the best games I have ever played!Buy it! NOW!!
,Not Recommended,224460,9788810,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,piratechickan,Meh. It's boring. There isn't any challenge other than jumping into shadows. The story is flat and the little girl is annoying. Not nearly as exciting as it's made out to be. YAWN!
,Recommended,224460,13100968,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,⚡️ SiD ⚡,Pretty good.
,Not Recommended,224460,7669752,"Posted: 16 November, 2013",all,Wheezle,A cool mechanic crying out for a good game to complement it.
76561198014626934,Not Recommended,224460,8207446,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,DerDevil,"Dunno, I think it should have stayed in 2D. It doesn't have good textures/effects/models so it does look poor in 3D. Gameplay is just boring: runs between 2 points with some easy puzzle on the way. 2D is not bad, it's just another possibility to express idea."
,Not Recommended,224460,9059986,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,BoykoTX,"The idea is novel but the execution is flawed; too many complex mechanics introduced too quickly, and puzzles which are only ""puzzles"" because the camera is placed at an odd angle."
,Not Recommended,224460,21753597,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,RoseVonMassacre,"I'm glad I didn't buy it at its full price, because even though there IS GOOD in it, the good is not enough to justify the cost.The concept is stunning, great atmosphere, the soundrack makes me wanna drink tea while smoking my pipe wearing an early 20's nightgown and the shadow/real world switching is such a cool idea. Also, I'm in love with Dawn even thought not much is said about her.BUT (and here comes the ugly part) how could they develop her character when they couldn't even properly tell the whole game story? Let me be clear: the story has a beginning and an ending (which I adore because I hate when they leave you puzzled) but it's told in such a rush you won't really find yourself connected with anyone. This game is short (or better: it would be but as I'm gonna explain next, it will gain longevity thanks to all the times you're gonna uncontrollably fail).There is something really wrong with the controls, I played with a controller and Dawn's movements were very uncomfortable. I tried using mouse and keyboard and it was kinda better but still, weird physics. It's not very reactive and considering you have to jump a lot and switch while rushing and jumping, that's a big no no for me.It got on my nerves, I fell so many times and had to run back and forth so much that I almost threw away the controller.Gotta be honest, I insulted Dawn so much that if she were real, she would have come find me and punch me."
,Recommended,224460,20345593,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,MrElvith,Living the 90's platform games dream. Contrast is pretty much a dream that you would never want to wake up.
76561198025786911,Not Recommended,224460,24439241,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Asterai,"For a game that revolves around light and shadow, Contrast does not preserve lighting fidelity at a distance well.For a game that is very much on rails so that it can tell a particular story, Contrast's story is not terribly strong, with dangling questions left by both environment and dialogue.While the puzzles are reasonably self-consistent, they are not very good as puzzles, and do not present much satisfying triumph.I believe some players will find the story of a girl's relationship with her estranged father very moving; there's certainly something there.  However, I was overall disappointed by this game."
,Not Recommended,224460,12065762,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,bobtheladybug,"Pros:-Dawn's powers and design are pretty cool-Hidden Tardis-Going from 2d to 3d is a really cool concept-Parts of environments are destroyed and look surreal, but gorgeous.-The game is pretty short.Cons:-Didi is annoying-Almost every mission is about helping Didi's dad (also she has to have the worst parents in the world)-There's not really a plot. You help Didi and her parents with a bunch of stuff, but then it just kind of ends with a ""twist"".-Dawn's powers and what happened to her are somewhat explained, but not directly.-The game seems too short for 14.99Bottom line: If you care about story, don't get it. If you like platformers...or kids, go ahead and get it. I would strongly suggest buying it when it's on sale. There are other games for 14.99 or less that will give you hours of playability. This is not one of them. Some day I will replay this game to get all the achievements and the collectibles (i missed 1), but I won't anytime soon because I found myself angry and frustrated at the end of the game with the story and everything involving Didi, her parents, and the magician. I cannot express how disappointed I was after beating this game when it looks so good."
,Recommended,224460,34853347,Posted: 9 September,all,bradleypariah,"It's a platformer with a few puzzles.  It's thoughful, clever, stylish, and just a bit challenging.  It pays some homage to Limbo, but the machanics here are more in-depth (more action buttons than just move and jump).  The vibe is early 20th century noir.  You might find the game short, but to me, it simply doesn't overstay its welcome.  People complain about value for the dollar when paying $10 for three~to~four hours of gameplay, then they turn off their computer, go to the movie theater, then spend nearly $16 for a 90-minute film.  Perspective, people - look it up."
,Recommended,224460,7758624,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,PhyreMatrix,"You know when you see a game trailer and it gets hyped up to a super extent that kinda oversells it? Well Contrast is exactly like that. It's a good game that people thought would be great. Not that the time I spent in this beautifully rendered shadow world wasn't fun but for what I got a taste of and been waiting all year to play I feel a little unsatisfied and a bit hungry for more.Visually the game is impressive. Exquisite detail and enjoyable characters and puzzles but I wished this game went a little deeper in terms of story. Not to mention the ending fell a bit flat for me. I really hope there's a DLC planned in the near future that might go a little more in-depth. But what you see is what you get and I can't complain as for the price I paid I definitely got my monies worth on a solid adventure, platform puzzler. Game is pretty short, between 4-6 hours max but the music and characters make this an endearing game to experience."
,Not Recommended,224460,12279628,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Tiff,"This game had a great concept and story, but the horrible gameplay ruins the experience. The ""interaction"" is buggy as hell, and the screwy third-person view isn't particularly helpful either. My field of view actually clipped outside the wall in the wall at the start of the game because the room is way too small for such a zoomed-out camera.Also, the game has random lag spikes at the worst possible times, and the graphics settings are extremely lacking in customizability. I could not get past a certain point in the game because it lagged literally EVERY ♥♥♥♥ING TIME that I tried to make a certain jump, and so I couldn't switch back to shadow mode in time, and fell to my death. Repeatedly, until I eventually gave up.Also, the girl's dialouge is really really annoying and adds almost nothing to the story, especially when she keeps telling you the same lines over and over again. Honestly, this game was vastly diappointing and I very much regret buying it.The really sad thing, though, is not my wasted money but wasted potential. This game could have been SO much better, but as I've said, it wasn't very good at all."
76561198006844968,Not Recommended,224460,9057317,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,simianchild,"Contrast is not recommended due to the unfinished feel the game has... empty forced environments, so so graphic and boring gameplay. The only positive is the soundtrack and that's only if you like gypsy swing!"
,Not Recommended,224460,17906247,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,t. mike,"A game built around a couple good ideas--setting, shadow mechanics--and not much else.The gameplay the entire scenario is built upon can, more than anything else, be described as simply glitchy. It bugs out constantly, leading to unfair deaths or do-overs. Some puzzles, like Vincenzo's workshop, are absolutely agonizing because of this.The setting is nothing more than an idea: Cabaret. That's it. Nothing more.The developers seemed to have desperately built everything in this game on those two ideas, turning them into nothing more than gimmicks. The story is nonsense--a mash-up of heart-felt cliches and sexist family drama the player willnotcare about, with random (--wrong--) references to Einstein and generic ideas of science floating in the background. I guess it's meant to add depth to the universe they're creating, but it doesn't help when a handful of the world-building collectables are called nothing more than ""Science Drawing"" and are literally just nonsense symbols and images.The story also just gets in the way: I can't count the number of times I'd move a few feet and have control taken away from me, so the camera can do a stilted, early PS2-era swoop over the surroundings, complete with lots of janky start-stop moments. Speaking of, the controls--movement and camera--also feel like the platformers (e.g., MDK 2) of the early '00s.Whatever. Everything wrong with this game comes from its creation. It's clear the general ideas of the shadow mechanic and gimmicky cabaret setting were steps 1-10, and everything else was an afterthought."
76561198067700098,Not Recommended,224460,10226751,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,S H O R T G U R L,"After beating the game, I can say that I don't find the game fun. Sure, the visuals are beautiful and the music is good. The morphing into shadows is a cool game mechanic  however too many times in the game is it easy to slip out of the shadows or something will knock you off. Sometimes jumping on to platform becomes tedious work, you end up concentrating on to getting on to one platform so much it takes away from the beauty of the game and its concept. I find myself fustrated  more often then not, and when I'm not I am a little bored. Plus after a while I did get annoyed that the child was consistently bossing me around.SPOILERS DOWN BELOWAs for the story, it's hardly there. So you're Dawn (the tall shadow girl) who is the companion of Didi (little girl) for whatever reason Didi and you are friends, or at least Dawn feels a sense of responsiblity towards Didi for unknown reasons. You sneak out at night to see her mother perform in Act 1. In Act II, it concentrates on helping Didi's father figure because its clear he owes the mob money and he is using a broken cicrus to get money to pay them back. Then in Act III, Didi's biological father is performing at the circus and Didi ends up following him to his workshop in hopes for some connection. Then in the final act you have to turn on the lighthouse to light up the stage where the biological father is performing.Then in the ending there's this big happy dysfunctional family scene where mother takes father figure back meanwhile biological father offers Didi a chance for them to connect too as family. Keep in mind through out the whole game Didi and Dawn are the only 3d people everyone else is a shadow on the wall. The biological dad morphs into a real person and places his hand on Didi's shoulder, she gasps exclaiming she thought Dawn was the only one capable of that. The last scene is the biological father thanking you (Dawn) for taking care of Didi.Prior to this point if you were looking through the collectables, its set up to make you think Didi is mentally ill and that we are playing as some imaginary friend or demon/fairy. So its an interesting twist because it does change your perspective on what the story is. Because we are never really given the whole story most of it is for the player to piece together and make decisions. And in the end, you don't know who Dawn is as a character, or whiy she has a relationship with Didi, you don't know why the biological father can morph in and out of shadows or while he knows Dawn, the question of why is everyone a shadow expect for Did is never really answered.There is one collectable that is a old time picture of Didi being a shadow on a street of real people, which could suggest she's the true shadow person but then it goes into hay wire with what occurs in the game.If you still want to play after reading this be my guest, I just feel that the take away from the game wasn't impactful enough to make my eariler fustrations worth the trouble."
76561198071647861,Not Recommended,224460,12466307,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Pete,"'Contrast' has you phasing in and out of shadows to complete puzzles, whilst following a little girl who is trying to fix her parent's troubled lives.Phasing in and out of shadows is a nice concept, but here it's poorly executed. I felt I was fighting against the controls the whole game. Often I'd complete a puzzle unsure of whether I'd done so legitimately, or by glitchi-jumping throgh an obstacle. Other times, puzzle solutions were obvious - but had to be repeated several times because the shadow phasing is so tempremental. It's also occasionally unclear what the objectives are until you stumble upon them.The art direction is good, the voice acting is great. The plot was somewhat dragged out, but enough to hold my interest. There was clearly vision here. It's a real shame most of the play time is spent beating your head against unpolished controls."
76561198065289104,Not Recommended,224460,16554043,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Vanille,"I will premise this by saying that I have in fact beat the game.I want to recommend this game. It's beautiful. The music is great. The voice acting is good. The story is intriguing. The puzzles are engaging and satisfying to solve. As a female gamer, I love games with female protagonists and this one is pretty awesome.I enjoyed playing the game... until I beat it. I won't give the ending away, but I'll say this:The ending is up for interpretation. Even the developers on the forum say this was on purpose. This drives me crazy. If you don't mind this type of ending, give it a tryIf you really want to buy it, wait until it's on sale 75%+"
,Not Recommended,224460,24122654,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Dakusan,"This was a game obviously made by art students who were more interested in being artsy than worrying about gameplay. It's a novel concept, but too heavy handed. The cutscenes often take you out of the game when they easily could have been included as part of the game. Multiple elements seem like they were added in after the fact to make the game slightly less tedious, like searching for the collectable lights. I was really wanting to like this game, but it just could not deliver."
76561198010995264,Not Recommended,224460,12506933,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,bulbinator2,"This game is a HUGE disipointment. Watching the trailer and some gameplay made this game look amazing. An incredible looking world that brings the 20's jazz/circus noir look into a hibrid dream/imaginary world, a great gaming concept with a lot of potential for fun, compelling and complex puzzle solving and an interesting plot with the potential for plenty of depth, growth and heart breaking/warming scenes was not nearly enough to save this buggy overly simplistic and mindnumbingly dull game."
,Not Recommended,224460,32533900,Posted: 18 June,all,DanGer,I was excited about the games idea of playing with two worlds combined in one (the world of light and shadow) but was deeply dissapointed by the controls which feel like playing with an 80s joystick.
76561197992479413,Recommended,224460,10008641,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,JediToad,"Worth every penny!Artwork is amazing!Concept is amazing!Brillant, fun, and of course... amazing!Two thumbs up :D"
76561198044839579,Recommended,224460,10218122,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Ammoniak,"I loved playing this game ! It has incredible textures and art style, an awesome soundtrack and not to forget an emotionally engaging story. I encountered minor glitches, but nothing gamebreaking. It took me about 3 hours to beat the game, without all the collectibles and achievements. It's totally worth the money."
76561198043904570,Recommended,224460,10826019,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Geezuzkryst,"Great story and style, game ended too soon!"
,Recommended,224460,10068468,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,luvcraft,"Lots of rough edges, but a great concept, and a good execution overall. It took me a while to get back to this game after I lost interest at the beginning of the last act, but I'm glad I finished it."
,Recommended,224460,11590076,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Jampolo,"This game can be a bit... surreal (probably doesn't mean what I think it means); you will have to think outside the box.A lot of time is lost in cutscenes, but it makes up for it by having an interesting storyline.The ambience is pretty good, as well.By the end of it, you'll probably ask yourself what's real and what's not; don't think too much about it, just enjoy the feeling."
76561197970493516,Recommended,224460,10693180,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Ghelmaron,"A great platforming\puzzle game for people that are not into such.If I were to categorize players as follows Type1: Rarely plays video games or sticks to Iphone type of games Type 2: A regular video game player, but not into platformers/puzzles Type 3: A regular video game player and is into platformers/puzzle games and type 4: A diehard fan of platform/puzzle games.I would say that Contrast is for the Type 2 player, which is where I classify myself. The graphics and sound are excellent and the story is interesting, but the challenges are not over the top. I play games other than platform/puzzles, like RPGs, survival, action, shooters, etc, but the look and story of Contrast intrigued me so I got it and finished it (only took 3.5 hours) and it was a great experience. The difficulty was right up my alley and I felt good about resolving the puzzles.The voice acting, sound, music,etc are all excellent. I normally detest games with 'collectibles' and will usually ignore such in games, but in Contrast the collectibles were easy to come across and, towards the end, they really open the story and shed some light (pun!) on the background of the character you are playing, Dawn.Overall I would rate this game pretty high, say 8 out of 10. Especially because it is so short, I can see myself playing it again a few months from now.Edited for typoes."
,Recommended,224460,10489544,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,ÖßKARRITO the Burrito,"This game is short, painfully so. I say this because it's a great game; you just want it to keep going, but then you beat it, and you just have to play it all over again. It's additing, that much is true. It's got awesome artwork and music, and the story is, well, I don't want to spoil it, but, wow, that's an interesting story to say the least. I will say this about the puzzles, though, for the most part they are easy. Some of them aren't really difficult so much as they are tedious, but as long as you don't lose track of yourself as you're doing them, you won't have too hard a time.I just wish there was more to it; I think I'm going to go play it one more time, or eight."
,Recommended,224460,12274970,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,*Zutter | Funkadelic 🚺,beautiful game!I love the Puzzle-shadow play and the music is just brilliant <3
,Recommended,224460,10883600,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Anti-Tank Arrow,This game is beautiful. Every time I get to a new area in the game I'm surprised at how amazing it looks. I am also continually surprised at how much I enjoy both the game play and the plot. I can't recommend Contrast highly enough.
,Recommended,224460,18660472,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,Mighty Pillow,"I was excited about Contrast. When I finally got it during the summer sale, I was happy. I played through it, and I can't remember the last time I was this disappointed. I didn't like how Dawn moved around in 3D mode. It was hard to control her I felt. She almost moved too fluidly. I also didn't care for the story. It was just...strange. Also, this game is way too short! I finished in about 3 hours, but it really felt shorter than that. All of a sudden it was over.Despite all it's negatives, Contrast does have positives. I loved the transitions from 3D to 2D and vice versa. It is done so smoothly, and the platforming was very innovative I thought. I also loved that Didi was the only person besides Dawn in the world. Everyone else appears as shadows. The music and setting are cool as well.Dawn doesn't speak, but Didi does and I found her character kind of annoying. Also, Didi's father is Adam Jensen. I found that distracting.Buy this game if you can find a good sale.Also, no jump scares."
76561198018584858,Recommended,224460,7767184,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,malkavite,"A truly inventive, original game. If you like Tomb Raider, Portal, or similar puzzle solving games then this is definately worth a look. And if you're like me, you'll be hooked by the aesthetic appearance and game style.Visually, Contrast is stunning, set in a noir/1940's setting, it quickly makes the person begin to question what is real in the game and what is lurking in the shadows in real life.I love this game."
,Recommended,224460,8280459,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,bpphantom,A brilliant puzzle game based on light and shadow tells a story with a surprisingly metaphysical ending.
76561198006532464,Recommended,224460,28325308,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Skitzo,intresting game but not much to it. 6/10
76561198073677363,Recommended,224460,26513401,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,Selfless,Fun game.  Well done.  Kudos^2.
,Recommended,224460,16404879,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Damienmike,I ♥♥♥♥ing love this game 1 of my top 5 games of all time10/10
76561198018281874,Not Recommended,224460,25931624,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Tyrone,"it was ok, story was fine and it looks good but its way to short, i completed it in under 2hours. and thats taking breaks and doing over stuff."
,Recommended,224460,12202988,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,NexusProxy,Noir atmosphere and charismatic characters! <3 Another great indie game!
,Recommended,224460,19578657,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Etherios,Short and sweet!The art and music in this game are just outstanding.The puzzle's mechanics never cease to amaze you.They are quite simple from the beginning until midgame and then they get really interesting and unique.10/10.I strongly recommend purchasing the Collector's Edition since the sountrack is superb.
76561198059029767,Recommended,224460,33488756,Posted: 12 July,all,djslavik,"This game blew me away!Tried it curious about the shadow-shifting dynamic, and got sucked in by the delightfully creative world and puzzles and the non-trivial story. Loved the music, the characters (every single one), the voice acting, the mood. Cannot get the opening OST song out of my head :)The only negatives that detracted from the game very slightly were the controls and weirdness with saving games. Controls were frustrating and jerky. The game auto-saved at it's own pace, so leaving puzzles mid-way forced to restart them."
76561197977035886,Recommended,224460,17930351,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Pony Princess,"This game is incredible and you definitely won't regret getting it.  Just be prepared for a SHORT game.  It took me 3 hours to beat, and I did a lot of screwing around."
,Recommended,224460,19920966,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Liina,"Very elegant mechanics, nice story."
76561198070242928,Recommended,224460,12758343,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,TommyQ,"Contrast has been one of the best puzzle-platformer games I have played. Love almost everything about it, the music/soundtrack, the ambience, the characters, though there might be a minor glitch in some parts of the game which generally doesn't effect the overall game. The puzzles were somewhat not easy, but not too hard either. It's just right for a guy that has low puzzle-solving skills. Really wish they had extended the story or added more details to some areas of the game but given it was an indie game, I'll pass it. This game is definitely worth to check out."
,Recommended,224460,13023510,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,orlandirafael,"This game is incredible. Nice ambience, history, soundtrack a gameplay. It remind's me a lot of Tim Shaffer games. There's a dreamy ambience all the time. The puzzles wasn't very creative, but the overall game is pretty enjoyable. The 2D animations and cutscenes are a piece of art. Very recommended!"
,Recommended,224460,12780841,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,SisigWithRice,"Contrast (video game) is a noir atmospheric puzzler set it in the 1920's. You play as Dawn, the imaginary friend to Didi, a 9 year old girl who's step father is trying to put together a circus. Throughout the game, you must help Didi help her father put on a good show.You morph in and out of the 3D world and 2D world of shadows, helping Didi by solving various puzzles. The gameplay was okay, there is a little bit of weirdness with the camera, but it wasn't too bad. It's a lot of parkour but the puzzles were pretty simple. The majority of what makes this game so good are the music, art and it's story. If anything, it's what makes the game worthwhile. Should be a quick and easy finish and will make for a good afternoon session."
,Recommended,224460,13054422,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,slepix,"I spent a long time wanting this game, and when i bought i had no disappointments. Contrast its one of the most beautiful games i ever played, you feel the atmosphere so well that seems that the game just absorbed you. It has some bugs that must be fixed, but that definately doesn't ruin the game. Constrat is a masterpiece that must be polished to achieve perfection."
,Recommended,224460,12383064,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,jascemarie33,"5 STARSgreat story, unique gameplay, interesting characters and cool story and really great ending"
,Recommended,224460,24583202,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Zerdath,Great story.Unique and fun gameplay.Amazing soundtrack.10/10 for me.
,Recommended,224460,7770673,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Kekistani Master Race,From what little I played of Contrast I think it is rather nice. I like the style and the way Didi is 3D while her parents are 2D. My theory is this is actually Vaudeville-ception and the game is set in Didi's mind. didi's voice does grate and I VERY RARELY found the puzzles difficult but most of the time you can breeze through. But it still feels satisfying. Overall a very good game.
,Recommended,224460,7744426,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,ff17cloud,"Contrast is one hell of a buggy game but what I got out of it was something more. I was frustrated all the time when I played Contrast. I was always stuck in walls, lost in the geometry, and always felt out of control when I played.That being said, all of the bugs felt, necessary. The aesthetics of Contrast matched with the tone of the story and one's loss of innocence felt surreal.Playing as Dawn, who is thought to be Didi's, the girl who follows you on your journey, imaginary friend, the deconstruction of the world in what seemed like a total destruction of reality made sense. By the story's end, I cared about the cast and about Didi, no matter how annoying I saw her. As Dawn, I felt responsible for her sanity, trying to keep her whole in a world that doesn't seem right. Even with confusing puzzles and weird design choices, I had to finish this from beginning to end.Like, this isn't a Gone Home or a Proteus type of game in quality of build, but it felt right because of it.I wouldn't really recommend this game for the full price but this is definitely a game I would recommend on a sale. It isn't a tear jerker but its premise was so thought-provoking and engrossing that I felt like I got hit with a brick by the end of the game."
,Recommended,224460,19177121,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,SmallQuadruped,"I'm no puzzle gamer, I'm usually playing Saints Row or Far Cry or something. But after letting this game sit in my library for far too long, it's now one of my favorite games of all time. I don't know why people are complaining about the controls, I'm usually the first person who would talk about that, but this is nowhere near the controls frustration of something like Mirror's Edge. Each puzzle is one part mental calculation to wrap your mind around what's going on, and one part physical coordination to actually pull off some of the stunts involved. It's not crushingly difficult, just enough to make you feel awesome when you pull it off.As any other reviewer will point out, it's absolutely DRIPPING with style and intrigue, which also made this amazing. I really didn't see the plot reveal coming, the ending was amazing, and I loved every detail along the way. Without being annoying about it, it really flies in the face of most conventions. Like you wouldn't even realize, but this is one of the only games that revolve around women, without being Barbie's Pretty Pony Petter or something. There's even a hilarious sub-story about a princess rescuing a prince.For so many reasons, this is what the game industry needs, and I only wish I paid more for it up front and actually played it sooner."
,Not Recommended,224460,12948613,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Nobody,"Uninteresting story, controls kinda bad"
,Not Recommended,224460,8351207,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Haryor,"The game is supposedly worth it for it's story, but it's very clear how the developers try to get away with an extremly simple and eventless plot, in which practically nothing happens at all, and is only partially gullible due to it's heavily dramatic scenes - which doesn't make those less cliché; we've seen it all before. Considering this oversimplistic story, the game is overall boring, due to extremly easy and unchallenging puzzles. The gameplay time is barelly 5 hours long, but at least for me, that was mostly due to a very glitchy scenario and overall irresponse controls. I wouldn't say it's horrible, but that's only because of its lovely art direction and sublime soundtrack."
,Not Recommended,224460,8544549,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Peet.DAT,Concept and art direction are in the right place but that doesn't make up for the frustrating and unresponsive gameplay. Contrast pretty much encapsulates everything that is bad about 3D platforming.
76561198030573167,Not Recommended,224460,9094451,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Brotato Salad,"If you're a fan of buggy as♥♥♥♥♥♥gameplay, terrible puzzles and long, boring♥♥♥♥♥cutscenes then boy oh boy have I got a treat for you."
76561198030414441,Recommended,224460,9021591,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Ralgaoud,"Smart 3D puzzle platformer with pleasing aesthetics and music/acting. Borrows a bit from games where you can switch from 3D to 2D and vice versa, but the usage still feels fresh here. The mechanics are a bit buggy sometimes, ran into several frustrating moments where I know what to do but the game won't let me. Ending felt abrupt, as if there were parts of the game that were scrapped. On the short side for those that care, approximately 3 hours."
,Not Recommended,224460,8791759,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,scaremenow,"The game is great, the concept is nice, but the story really is not deep enough. Four hours including breaks, it's not worth the 15$, and since it's a puzzle game, once you've completed it, doing it over is just not as interesting."
,Not Recommended,224460,8747190,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Sadface,"Maybe I'm just too quick to be critical of games, but sometimes you have to be in a world with hundreds of thousands of video games and lots of Triple A titles.For me, Contrast is the type of game that delivers a game mechanic that promises to be innovative and amazing, but fails to really deliver where it matters - namely, being able to use shadows as though they were tangible things. You start off as an unnamed woman walking around in a little girl's bedroom, and it is quickly conveyed that all living creatures (with the exception of one special little girl) appear only as shadows and you are invisible to one-another.Unfortunately, after establishing that you are this little girl's friend (by way of picking up a drawing she made with you in it), that's all the reason you are given to follow her off on a boring adventure of interacting with objects, collecting objects, and being pestered to do things and go places in order to watch cutscenes. It really feels like it's being forced upon me when I don't even want to follow this little stranger and watch her parents fight; I want to explore the world and be given my own reason for doing things instead - not because a child tells me to.So that was storytelling ruined within the first 5 minutes.Then there was the shadow mechanic - it seems cool in theory, but you end up using it to do very rudimentary platforming straight off the bat. Exciting stuff. Maybe throwing a few shadow balls would be nice, or knocking over a bottle, or knocking over a bottle's shadow using a ball's shadow! The first few minutes are where you really have to give OOMPH to this new mechanic, and sadly it's used only to run up shadow ramps (some of which are inaccessible until you have tagged along with your new friend so she can push a simple object for you and progress the story). Again - I'm feeling like this is off to a bad start. I hear the game eventually progresses to pushing boxes around, but manipulating an object to reach a high place is hardly an innovative improvement.And finally there's my last gripe - atmosphere. At one point within the first 5 minutes you also walk into a cabaret restaurant which is completely devoid of people and life. ""BUT WAIT,"" you say, ""people are invisible and appear as shadows!"" Well yes, this is true, but there is nothing to make this restaurant feel LIVELY. There are glasses of alcohol on tables and cigars smouldering away in ashtrays, and there is ambient audience music playing, but there is nothing to make it feel ALIVE. No swaying and sliding of chairs, no sloshing of alcohol, no strange poltergeist-esque atmosphere replete with drinks trays floating around the room; bartenders shaking tumblers and pouring them out, no cats in alleyways knocking over trashcans and yowling, certain conversations that dim and fall as you wander the room - there is nothing - and that is where this game really falls flat on its face. You walk into a dead room and your only objective is to interact with the flashing objects scattered around the room so you can progress the plot because an invisible woman keeps nagging you to turn on the lights.I'm sorry, I wanted to like this game, but it took 5 minutes to convince me that I hated it - all because there was nothing to try and persuade me into staying a while, looking around and really enjoying myself.Maybe somebody somewhere else will do it better one day - because this game isn't there by a long shot."
76561198031541389,Not Recommended,224460,9112412,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,01001000 01001001,"Too short, hokey story, no conflict."
,Not Recommended,224460,9567856,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Pokenatic,"Pros: Interesting level designs, good soundtrack, some of the collectibles provide interesting backstoryCons: Short (can easily be finished in less than four hours), predictable core plot, schizophrenic difficulty curve (none of the puzzles are really that hard to figure out; pulling it off on the other hand...),  at least one section is buggy, which can cause some frustration as it is already one of the trickier sections to solve (you can be forced out of shadow mode on occasion, causing you to start your run through it over)"
,Not Recommended,224460,9641526,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Vectorferret,"The gameplay should have been kept in ""2D"" (wrapping around the walls, but 2D control wise). Instead, it tries to keep you in 3D (without the shadow puppet stuff) most of the time.The intriguing part of the game, using the shadows to move around, seemed like a lot of fun. Unfortunately, the main part of the gameplay seems to consist of moving lights or boxes to create those shadows where you want (without much in the way of real solving). The actual platforming across them, is only difficult by it being nearly broken. A lot of the time, I wasn't sure if I had glitched my way through, or solved the ""puzzle"". Really, the only puzzle is that you have to place the box so that it's shadow forms a super easy platform jump. This is made harder because the ""targetting"" system makes it hard to actual lock onto the object you want to carry. When there is any actual puzzle that isn't an immediate solve, it's only really difficult because of the trial and error of moving the light as well as shadow generators. But there isn't really any lateral thinking about it, just move a few things around.The platforming, as a I mentioned is nearly trivial, made difficult only by the 3D controls being near broken, and the 2D having awkward physics (made worse by the fact that modern analog controls don't adapt well to it).When not in the shadows (which is most of the game) it is all the broken camera and awkward controls (made worse when the camera suddenly changes the perspective forcing a control direction correction) of poor late 90's platformers. You are always wasting time either because the controls messed you up and you need to recover, or because you need to keep running back to the objects to manipulate into position yet again.It is a shame, because the moments when you are using shadows made by things other than your own dragging boxes around (such as a sequence early on where characters are having an animated conversation, movbing their limbs all over the place), it is a hell of a lot of fun. If the game had been entirely this, moving from shadow to shadow as the scene plays out around you, I would have really enjoyed it."
,Not Recommended,224460,8697475,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Wolfie,It only took me 4 hours to complete the game... :-(
,Not Recommended,224460,10746583,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,TomNooksDebt,"As someone who followed the development of Contrast with much anticipation, going as far as preordering it on steam, it pains me to say that the game is not good. What looked like a fascinating premise in a fantasical world intermixed with an amazing sound selection turned out to be only one of those things. Being a shadow becomes very boring very quickly, as the puzzles all end up revolving around a convulted system of controls that will leave you very very frustrasted. You will be afraid to enter walls. You will be afraid of messing up a button press. And you will be very afraid when you realize this puzzle will just continue to drag on with more complicated situations that faulty controls will only make worst. The only puzzle game I can think of right now that followed the same tune as Contrast is Braid, and by Jove does Braid make this game look like a joke. In Braid you can rely on your platforming abilities to carry you through a series of increasing difficult puzzles, which will truly reward the player for their abilities to think intuitively as well as perform proper platforming practices. In Contrast, you will struggle about a world with frustrating controls, little variation in puzzles, and little reward from solving the them. Little reward as in you will not care at all about the story because your willful suspension of disbelief will begin right at the start. The game takes place in France, and it makes a point to say so. What it doesn't explain, unless I understood world history entirely incorrectly, is that the world is floating in a vacuum of space. No explanation ever. No explanation as to why Didi, the girl you are escorting most of the game, sees the pit once but never comments on it again, as well as no one else commenting on it. Hell, in my opinion, the characters stopping to talk about the fact they live in a void would be more interesting than any plot point presented in this game. The story is weak, from the first moment of blackmail to the ending scene. The ending won't make you feel anything. You will be annoyed by Didi. You will hate every character that pops their ugly mug in this game. So what do you have so far? A messy universe with messy controls, a cast of completely unlikable characters, a character that is a young annoying child most of the game (Trust me, Didi is no Clementine, and you will go back to hating video game children after playing this,) in a story that is riddled in plot holes and does nothing to keep you interested in it. Oh, but the music is pretty at parts. I think I heard some of it over my continued groans over having to do another jump dash puzzle that would randomly throw me out of the wall to my death. Do yourself a favor, and skip out on this one."
,Not Recommended,224460,10929108,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Lurgen,"Absolute rubbish. Great soundtrack, exciting trailer, but♥♥♥♥♥♥gameplay."
,Not Recommended,224460,12007221,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Adrian Snrub,"This game showed off some very cool concepts prior to launch.Unfortunately there isn't a whole lot more to this game that you can't already get in the trailer.The game was buggy, short, poorly written, forgettable and had an extremely limited soundtrack.Overall: not worth it. Get your oldtimey fix from Bioshock 1 and Bioshock Infinite instead."
76561198067758778,Not Recommended,224460,11166236,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Crestfallen_Rose,"I really want to like this game, believe me, I do.I adore the music and the unique art style and the story is interesting, but the gameplay is so infuriatingly difficult at times that it breaks the immersion and makes me not want to play it.The shadow shift ability is very sensitive. If you run into something, or if you're crushed by something, you'll shift out of the walls and you'll have to try again or you just might die altogether. Not only that, but it's very easy to miss jumps when you're trying to jump over certain gaps (most are easy to scale, but there are a few that are just mind boggling). And there are also some puzzles in which you have to reach a platform in a small amount of time - and those kinds of challenges in games are always maddening.I'll play and I'll be mesmerized by the details and I'll want to find out what happens next in the story but then I reach a roadblock of a challenge and - after being pushed out of the walls, failing to jump over gaps and dying repeatedly - I get increasingly frustrated and then it's not about the story or the gameplay anymore, all the focus has shifted to that one piece that just doesn't seem to give if you don't get it just right. And after all is said and done and I can move on, I just can't relax and enjoy the game anymore and have to shut it off. A game is something that you should be able to enjoy and crave, but if it's frustrating - there's no point in trying; and that's a real shame.It's a good game if you're a big fan of challenging puzzles; but if you're looking for a fun game with a sense of ease and flow, you might want to find something else to try."
76561198065427319,Not Recommended,224460,12762931,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Vex,"Great concept, poor execution.  It's to repetetive and boring for my taste, and I catch myself just playing to get through it instead of because I enjoy it."
,Recommended,224460,34769346,Posted: 5 September,all,VaioStreams,"What is there to say? $10 was worth it. It's not the longest game, but it doesn't need to be either. The characters weren't overly engaging, but intersting enough that you actually want a happy ending. You never really get attacted to the characters though.The sound track was fantastic. it wasn't just atmospheric music that passes as a great OST these days. this was a lagit fantastic soundtrack. Right up there with Bastion and Transistor. I would have enjoyed a little bit more of Johnny's narriations throughout the game, but that is a small complate and enought to drive someone away from the game. The best way to think about this game is it's basically portal with shadows in the 1920s."
,Recommended,224460,9875074,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,feygon,"This game may be short, but it is very memorable. Immediately after I finished playing it, I emailed the author asking about future content. The storyline is ripe for further plotlines, exploring new worlds."
76561198065311647,Not Recommended,224460,30131523,Posted: 23 February,all,Corepool,"Full of clever ideas, poor execution. Game runs a bit janky sometimes and the movement is finiky. I've also found a bunch of glitches where I just fall through the earth so that hampered my experience a bit. I don't have any more desire to boot the game back up to see if it's still a problem."
76561198054741318,Not Recommended,224460,31873897,Posted: 20 May,all,mikku3,"Rubbish camera and movement controls (port?). Jumping over gaps is hit amd miss - the game controls your movement too much. When are devs going to realize that interacting in a game should not be a challenge in itself. We don't think about moving each leg to walk, it is intuitive. Gameplay should be the same. Save your money - the frustration will get to you."
,Recommended,224460,17226826,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Borracho,"Quite enjoyable, particularly the art style and soundtrack. The puzzles are well implemented and the whole effort practically drips with atmosphere."
76561197987290797,Recommended,224460,24376246,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Soph,"Lovely game and a great concept - felt a little muddled with starting some of the ""episodes"" but other than that, I liked it."
,Recommended,224460,18832348,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Brian C. (The Schmaltzy Cynic),"Contrast is the differences seen when two sources of light come together. Similarly, Contrast (the game) blends its ligher and darker tones into a short, immersive experience with differences of quality that feel worthy of the price of admission, yet lacking in other ways.If anything is holding Contrast back from feeling complete, it's not just the gameplay itself but also the technical issues and the final act. This game will ultimately feel like it was two-thirds of the way done but never half-baked.Dancing in the DarkContrast is by no means a difficult game. Your average playthrough, depending on how many collectibles you go for, will take you somewhere from two to four hours. Its strongly recommend for you to collect all the luminaries as they use the shadow-swapping mechanic a lot, which is the main attraction for this game.Games like these with a narrative focus are fine. Sometimes games with little to no challenge other than my wits are relaxing, which this game never struck me as being overly complicated. However, the inclusion of replay value would have been appreciated as well besides tying up the loose ends of the plot.In Contrast, you play as an imaginary friend of the main character of the story, Didi. As you are a make-believe creation of hers, you are a surreal character to the mature events unfolding around you. This also means you are given supernatural abilities: The ability to swap in and out of shadows and the real world, the acrobatic fitness to traverse the environments, and a few other abilities (a dash mechanic and  the ability to use light orbs). The main focus is always put on the shadow-swap mechanic, which I think is its best quality.You aren't simply finding the well-lit areas to enter and leave new entrances. You are moving light-sources to shape the shadows on the environment, enlargening them and scaling them down, and you sometimes have to use the shadows' terrain to move real objects.Sometimes the technical limitations rear themselves into this mechanic, such as when you are going around corners and you might teleport out of the wall because of not rotating the camera. Or when you enter a wall with the camera on the other side of the wall. For the most part, this mechanic is well-thoughout and only at some parts of the game feels buggy.Unfortunately, the other gameplay aspects either feeled tacked on simply because other platformers have them or they are there because of the game's light/dark theme. The acrobatics shown on the first trailer on Steam are nowhere to be found in this game. (I watched it after I finished the game, and I felt that was worth mentioning because of how misleading they were.) I think the game could have benefited from more twitchy swapping sections lacking in the final game without making the game have a sudden difficulty spike. It would've also made the open-areas more expansive and well-worth finding the collectibles.The luminaries only feel necessary when the plot demands it, and there are more than enough within the area you are locked in to never worry about finding any more. In the end, I felt these were pointless other than for achievement purposes.The Shadows on the Walls Tell AllThe one thing Contrast nails almost flawlessly is its narrative format told through gameplay. Although the game deviated from what my inital expectations were--of a subconscious friend being there to aid the protagonist--I still appreciate the manner of the story told that is not too dark for kids and not too forced for adults.Do not write this game off as another tale of the loss of innocence. That's not what the game is about; it's about seeing the adult world through a child's eyes with an imaginary friend.The adult themes of vice, regrets, misfortunes and personal mistakes make the world intimidating while hiding away the faces and other details that would make things more clear. Characters other than Didi and Dawn are represented by silohouettes with distinctive voices and models. The side-cast are executed well, and the implementation of their cutscenes as platforming ""puzzles"" is an interesting way to keep the pace of a game going. This is a case where a limitation on the budget ultimately proved to be a great outlet for storytelling purposes, and it doesn't stand out with the rest of the game.Sadly, the one character you will be hearing a lot of is not the best actor, Didi. Dawn never speaks, and Didi will give you instructions on what to do and where to go at every point in the game. Didi is not the only obstruction from the otherwise fun, creative gameplay. Forced cutscenes showing key-parts of the room are triggered way too much to let the player figure out the puzzle, and the constant text-prompts for objectives are not necessary either. Both of these take the player out of the experience and they are not necessary. You won't get lost as the game is very linear and the areas are never that big.The story is split between three acts. Act 1 and 2 go hand-in-hand in terms of the game's simple, yet clever difficulty as well as the narrative tying in together. Act 3, however, intrudes upon an otherwise surreal story with realistic explainations and a twist ending that ends abruptly for no good reason other than to end the story there. The twist and darker elements within Act 3 are not a problem because they don't make sense. In fact, like with The Vanishing of Ethan Carter, they might make too much sense for my liking.My problem is how they feel ultimately rushed into the game to give it a deeper meaning, and once I reached that point of the game I knew my early expectations were wrong.(It's a shame because I think having the PLAYER be an imaginary friend is the perfect explanation for a video-game.)The devs stated they wanted to keep the ending short and brief to leave the game open-ended. While I am fine with games that have ambigious endings on purpose, like LISA, I don't think Contrast left an ending satisfying enough for the player to be left thinking about its impact, except for what might have been instead.A Flawed, But Ultimately Charming GameI wouldn't recommend Contrast for full-asking price as there is not enough content to warrant it (nor replay value). Nor is the game as finely polished to be liked by everyone. But Contrast is still a good game, which sees through with its ideas giving all its got while being in the spotlight.It's a game that won't make you cry in the end because of the emotional attachment you experience; it's a game that will make you cry because you don't want the curtain-call to be over so soon."
,Not Recommended,224460,7990604,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,once-returner,"Great concept, but it feels unfinished and rough around the edges. Considering that I am usually looking to be immersed in a game, the gameplay glitches and mediocre character models made Contrast hard to get into."
76561198002530703,Not Recommended,224460,16608224,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Ghizguth,"‘Constrast’ is a game of the platformer variety, centred around a puzzle mechanic which uses light and shadows as a mean of switching between a 3D and 2D environment, but it becomes completely irredeemable by committing the capital sin for platformers : bad controls. The game simply doesn’t work at what it is trying to do and, as such, is utterly unrecommendable.It starts… bad, and only gets worse. The game has no rebindable keys, the mouse cursor doesn’t work in every menu (like restarting a checkpoint or leaving the game), but it does offer very lacklustre graphic options. Although I like the style of the game, I really disliked its graphics quality. The textures aren’t pretty, and there is nothing to distract from them, as the environments are lifeless and empty. Even the music doesn’t help, as it is barely even present while you are exploring or solving puzzles. Worse, one of the main mechanics of the game requires you to play with shadows, but even they are barebones at best. In the days of soft focus shadows, that’s a big no-no if your main mechanic revolves around them. All the cutscenes and story bits are shown through the shadows too, so you get to experience bad graphics on top of very stick figure-like animations, not even remotely human. Not that it really matters as the story holds no water, but I will get to that in a minute.But alright, let’s give it the benefit of the doubt, what else is there? Any other nitpicks? Well, even though I’m a native French speaker, I preferred the English dub, but the collectibles, with press articles and other, supposedly, world building information extracts, aren’t fully translated! That’s disappointing.What about the gameplay? Well, the controls aren’t rebindable, the camera is atrocious, -which doesn’t help-, and the animation of the character is stiff and “mechanic”. Clunky really, fast and yet without precision. When the camera switches mode, between locked in 2D shadow world and free 3D exploration, it is feels horrible: during the transitions, it is either too quick or too slow, but feels unnatural either way, jarring. You don’t feel in control, you are at the mercy of the game’s whims.So let me get this straight. It is a puzzle platformer with bad controls and bad camera, where you have to jump on platforms made from poorly rendered shadows, from which you will end up sliding off for the smallest offense. This will lead to some frustration since… well, you character doesn’t move like you want it to or the game just refuses to acknowledge your input, for whatever reason, and getting sacked for it, unfairly, is rather infuriating. It is actually so bad, I landed in a secret area one time, one I hadn’t neither seen nor planned on jumping into. Thanks for that I guess, but it isn’t gonna make up for all the bad jump related deaths.As said before, even the story didn’t hold my attention. In all honesty, I had a hard time sympathizing with the dad figure. Because he was trying, although he put his family in harm’s way, that makes every alright? When you stand in the rain, you get wet. Don’t. Stand. In. The. Rain. Or least, don’t ask for my sympathy when you complain about getting drenched. The story didn’t resonate with me.The nail in the coffin was one particular moment that is reminiscent of Limbo. Except, you know, Limbo kind of works. So now I have a better game in my mind that I could be playing on top of all this nonsense. Anyway, it was too obvious, with the spider and all… You haven’t earned that game, the right to make an ‘homage’ like that. And even if you did, you have a game that is three hours short (and thank god for that! I wouldn’t have been able to play any more of it), and you basically have so little to put in it that you lift levels from another game. That doesn’t come across as very endearing to me.There is definitely an interesting concept at the core of the game, with the change between 3D and 2D platformer, and that’s where the puzzles are I suppose, if you can call them that. It is a proof of concept, sure, but that’s not enough for a good game. And it is actually possible to break the puzzles, making them impossible to solve, forcing you to reload if you aren’t careful enough, which you can’t be because of the horrendous controls! At times, it does feel like an endless cycle of displeasure. Certainly, that concept deserved better. As it stands, the game is a demo I would present to my boss in order to get funding for a project based around the shown concept, not a final product I would charge money for.All in all, what I am seeing here is a game that had a great gameplay concept, and a great art style, but failed to get to the finish line with them. The game feels rushed, empty in a lot of aspect, barely functional sometimes, without any form of polish whatsoever, and it makes it all the more disappointing when the game does finally decide to work, when, very rarely, there are some “sparks” and it clicks. From time to time, things work out alright, and the puzzles and their solutions aren’t hampered by the flaws of the game, but those shining moments, where the transition from an open world to one of shadows stimulates your brain and gives you the satisfaction of actually solving a problem in a clever way, without the frustration of dealing with force outside your reach, are far too few to justify any consideration of purchase, no matter the price."
,Not Recommended,224460,12788467,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Ineluki,"This is the second worst kind of indie game.The worst kind being cheap ripoffs of whatever's popular right now (see: zombies, survival, crafting).This however is an overly artsy fartsy platformer with one single original idea - which cannot carry a game by itself.In the first hour or act you gain no understanding of your agency or place in the world and you begin to realize that you never will. The game just is way too much in love with its imaginary-friend-perspective of storytelling.And what do you do? Follow a linear corridor of boring puzzles. Yes the shadow walking gimmik makes them orignal, but the shallow world, fixed camera (starting in act2!), and dodgy controls really remove all joy that might have been had here.Oh and the ""Soundtrack"" are 15 tracks that amount to 20 minutes of samey music - and it's not even in FLAC format.Not even worth 5 bucks."
,Not Recommended,224460,12481253,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Xuchilbara,"A nice concept completely ruined by a poor and rushed development. Not only this game is tremendously short (4 hours to get 100% completion, including replaying a chapter to get a thing I missed!), it's also full of glitches and the so called ""secrets"" are ridiculously easy to find. Moreover, the plot is undermined by a fragmented exposition which is just too rushed and specious to make sense like it should and ends abruptly leaving little to nothing to the player.There were many good ideas at the base of this title and It's pretty clear that the developers had issues in the making of it, but even considering that and making an effort to appreciate its aesthetics it's nearly impossible to recommend Contrast to anyone. Not even at a sale price."
,Not Recommended,224460,12513554,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,machinehuntress,"*sigh*I really want to like this game, and I'm sure I would, if I could ever go past the starting screen without it freezing up my Windows. That would be really great to have, as in it being a game that is actually _playable_, but alas it is nothing but a horribly programmed mess. Which is a pity considering how beautiful this game seems to be.(The hour of ""playtime"" seen here  was me trying to get it to run and me trying to (unsuccessfully) alt-tab out of it when it crashed in my face btw (which forced me to restart my system)...So, no, there was never any actual playtime happening. Go figure.)"
,Recommended,224460,13412989,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Kraken9,pros-graphics 8/10 amazing art direction3D atmosphere 1920esque fantasy world2D shadowy world platformerevocative soundtrackdecent voice actingfun and inventive shadow puzzlesfresh gameplay mechanicsinteresting storycollectibles are worth reading(a little too easy to find)cons-short gamesome glitchy areas(in some areas dash animation kept playing even after i stopped. it resolved itself when i dashed again)not much replay value7/10. grab it in sale. price drops by 75% mostly.
76561198120536355,Recommended,224460,25458228,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Jupic,Game is good. Story could be better but you will like this game. Gameplay is not bad but could be better. I didn't see a game jump from normal life to shadows.  Still I don't understand am I a shadow? a puppet? Or this little girl has Schizophrenia?
,Not Recommended,224460,7752407,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Thelmo,When I first heard about Contrast I immediately remembered the old PC platformers with gorgeous graphics. I then pre-ordered the game to get my hands on the illustrations and art that inspired the game. I couldn't wait to play the game.Disappointment is the word to describe what came when I finally got the chance. You play as a shadow character for a good part of the game and the graphics of the shadow-world are really unpolished to say the least.There are some annoying bugs on the puzzles that hinder playability and kill the atmosphere of the game.I don't know the studio behind Contrast but the game seems the result of amateur work and is miles away from other good platformers available on Steam.
,Not Recommended,224460,8786984,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Bomshika,"Was a fun game while it worked. After a while, I was unable to pick up mission boxes or the box would hang in midair with no fix,. Restarting from checkpoint seemed to casue more damamge than fixes. Unimpressed, uninstalling."
76561198026316801,Not Recommended,224460,8032844,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Tangentialjohn,"quiet a good game, unfortunately extremely short and very few mechanics with not many puzzles. not worth the price in my opinion"
76561198064958227,Not Recommended,224460,8043612,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,distortedr1,"This is a very pretty game, with a great atmosphere, strong gameplay that has very few flaws. Sadly the game falls short on story and character development, as well as length. There are really only about 3 big areas to explore, and although the puzzles in those areas are fun you feel you want MORE.  The music is also very good.If you are okay with the fact that Dawn never talks and most of the plot mysteries are barely hit upoun and never even partly explained, and all you want his is eye candy with decent gameplay, then this game is worth buying at this price (14.99)If you want more but are still interested, I would wait until the price drops by half at least. I don't know the reason why they took out the original murder plot and dective Dawn helping Didi solve the murder and save her mother/family, but what they but in place of that plot is pretty much junk.The gameplay time you will get out of game is 4 hours. But seasoned platformer gamers will likely get even less."
76561198080712746,Not Recommended,224460,29132917,Posted: 8 January,all,Apple,"This game is,in concept,a good idea. I was into it until I slowly discovered that the game mechanics are all over the place, some puzzles are made impossible by irritating bugs and the plot looks like it wants to be a complex and well-written story ,while it's mostly just there to indicate the next tasks to perform while feeding you exposition. It's cute. for sure. But things like the multiple cut scenes happening every five minutes as well as the fact that your character is devoid of all personality makes it so alienating as a player.I wish I could love this game. But it  feel like a pg-13 imitation of a darker and better game . Plus the environments are really naked, especially since your character can only see people's shadows. makes the whole game look like a ghost town, but probably not in the way they intended it to. there are very few obejcts that are lying around indoors to indicate the presence of a crowd. very little ambiance.I'm sorry for being so harsh. I'm just diappointed."
76561198083394376,Not Recommended,224460,12722639,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,lirenxn,"You owe thousand times thanks to the maker of the trailor, developer!!! Coz if it is not the great demonstration in the trailor, no one would probably spend a cent on it. The idea is cool. The scene which imitates Alice: Madness return is fine. And the story is ok attributed to the touching voice of the little girl. But almost all the details, like the control of movement,action animation, and so many things really drive me nuts."
,Not Recommended,224460,18567098,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Uriyeah55,"For a long time i waited until Contrast was on sale to get it, the atmospehere looked really cool and the graphics were pretty nice. I wish i could enjoy it, but i didn't as much as i wanted. The game is a bit glitchy and the puzzles aren't explained at all. Im not saying difficulty is bad, but in this case it gets frustrating. The playability gets worse every minute and makes it harder to have a good time playing.If you're doubting to buy Contrast as i was for a long time, i suggest you to don't buy it."
,Recommended,224460,12720681,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,404,great game !but too short ;__;
,Not Recommended,224460,24039858,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,hacksoi,Can't recommend it at $15. Just too short with an average story and average puzzles. I'd say it's worth at half price.
,Recommended,224460,12439650,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,dnorms,"If you liked Portal, Bioshock, Limbo, or Alice, get this game. A real gem, I hated leaving the Contrast universe when it was over."
76561198028263926,Recommended,224460,13230202,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Mr Lawson,"I would have to say Contrast is one of my favorite games. The art style, music and time setting are right up my street and the whole game takes place in a slightly surreal 'Alice In Wonderland' style. I'll explain. The world seems to be made of of floating islands floating in a night sky, it looks lovely but detracts the game from normality, that being said playing as an imaginary friend who can jump in and out of shadows ins't exactly normal so this floating island surreal-ness actually adds to the game, pushing it away from normal and closer to dream-like.As I have said the music is also fantastic if you enjoy cabaret style music. There are also some lovely other tracks later in the game, one of my favorite plays during the carousel puzzle.The whole jumping between shadows and normal world is an awesome mechanic. Not exactly new but it is still nicely done and it creates some interesting and genuinely challenging puzzles that stumped me for an embarissingly long time. One thing I will say is that it can be a bit trickey at times. The switching between the shadow and real worlds is tricky especially when jumping. If you don't time it right when jumping you will land half above, half in the shadow which gives you another 50/50 chance of clipping onto the shadow or being forced back into the real world which will probably spawn you into a death pit. After 6 or more times this gets annoying. The run animation is also odd too and the main character moves like she has a rocket attached to her back and strides like the Striders from Half Life 2.Aside from those 2 tiny nit picks the story is good, visuals great and soundtrack fantastic. Pick it up, play it and you'll be glad you did.Check out my youtbe channel for lets plays and commentary every Monday and Fridayhttp://www.youtube.com/channel/UC2l1zwMcpJm_hJq4owO3nHg"
76561198118973552,Not Recommended,224460,19653267,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,浪人 Ronin,"Good concept, very feminie...great for girls..I think."
76561198128008771,Recommended,224460,17965105,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,Zabuza,A wonderful little game. The music is amazing and the story is really interesting. A must play.
76561198026138231,Recommended,224460,10416441,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,robert.blane,"I bought this beautiful game on day one of release. I have never been disappointed at all and still find the game mesmerizing, compelling and totally enthralling to play. Never has there been a dull moment in time. Great replay value too. I placed more comments on the Greenlight page than any other indiviual. I still wholeheartedly support the game and the devs.Best regards, Robert Blane."
,Not Recommended,224460,13110925,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Euwrecker,"The neat story wasn't enough to forgive the buggy platforming. The shadow world gimmick is nice and all, but whenever you're a shadow in the wall, you'll be afraid of slipping and falling because of some odd bit of shadow platform.The puzzles weren't very amazing either. With a few, I ended up feeling like I solved them the ""wrong way"" thanks to the games mechanics.Also, yes that is Adam Jensen you're hearing."
76561198310385696,Recommended,224460,24711384,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,MIAO@0918,"BEAUTIFUL!FUN!!SWEET!!!i feel sad it was so short...no need to say more,it is a game you shoulen't miss10+/10"
,Recommended,224460,25809112,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Hunter S. Tompson,10/10 domestic violence in a abusive relationship. best game ever. would have ♥♥♥♥♥♥ childhood flashbacks again.
,Not Recommended,224460,12869406,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,khorne2,SORRY THE GAME IS HARD TO FOLLOW AND LACK OF INFORMATION ON THE BASIC RUNNING OF THE GAME
,Recommended,224460,17889751,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,AtomicKitten,This game is really fun! I'd recommend it to anyone. (:
,Recommended,224460,14951492,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,CyanideCandy,Play with shadows and lolis in the same game.
,Recommended,224460,24395183,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Plant Ghost,"A short, fun and interesting puzzle game with a nice aesthetic and story. The controls can be a little frustrating at times, but I think it's worth it."
,Recommended,224460,10213651,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,sparkeypants,"Has some troubles with mechanics, which can get a bit fiddly and annoying at times, but overall I was really pleased with this game. It had great characters, environment, voice actors, and you can clearly tell that it was a labour of love. The story is interesting and sucks you in, and while the ending is quite ambigious and leaves me wanting more I can't help but love this game. The idea of shadow jumping and making use of 2D environment was really creative and I like that the developers stuck to that idea as much as possible - it made things unique and interesting. I know I have my fingers crossed for a sequel."
,Recommended,224460,10318284,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Ren86,"Very beautiful game visually - especially if you love the whole 1920s look and feel. The puzzles can be challanging at times, and you'll probably fall to your death a lot in the later Acts because a shadow decided it didn't like you anymore and pushed you out. If you're a more experienced puzzle solver you'll find this game a little short (I finished in about four hours, without hunting for all the collecitables).The music is wonderful to listen to and I didn't find myself growing tired of it at all. And I love the fact that you get the soundtrack if you put out the extra couple of bucks. I did find myself wondering if, for the lenght, it was worth the $20 but the visual look and music made it worth it to me personally. Overall a very fun game and I wish it had been longer, if only so we could explore the lore of the world more because it seemed like there so much we didn't get to learn, even if Didi's story was over. (Granted I am a bit of world-building and lore nerd.)"
76561198012988831,Recommended,224460,7667693,"Posted: 15 November, 2013",all,Mooseknuckle [1upZ],"Contrast has some amazing elements in it.  You can actually climb up shadows and move your light source to make shadow ""bridges"" and so on.  I, personally, love the sound track too.  It is basically a one play through game but I would still recommend it without hesitation."
,Recommended,224460,21842901,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Snus,"Don't mind the negative reviews. The game is good, albeit short."
,Recommended,224460,7817173,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,L. Mundy,"When I first saw the trailer, I was really amazed by the style and fusion of the whimsical atmosphere with the jazz/noir setting. I love all of the character designs and the game itself is fun to play. The female character is such a delight to play. I really enjoy the concept of this game and I would suggest it if you're looking for something unique.Some down sides about the game is that it's not quite as polished as I would have thought it to be as far as game play and the ""solidity"" of the enviornment goes. A few times I would end up getting caught between a wall and whatever object was there. It was frustrating at some parts just trying to solve a puzzle or move through the levels. It's also quite a short game. You could finish it in one sitting if you wanted to. There isn't a lot of character interation except only between you and Didi. I wish there were more characters wondering around as well. I think this game has so much potential and a lot to offer. I really hope that the developers will update the game with better control and articulate movement and interaction.This game however reminds me of something Double Fine would make ala Psychonauts. The environments and the silouhettes of the characters along with the geometrical shapes. Still, I recommend this game if you want something new to look at, at least. It's just a shame that it was a bit rushed but not so bad it's not worth looking into. But if you can tolerate it, I say give it a go. Maybe you can find the beauty in this game under all its flaws.Pros:-Unique concept-Great protaginist-Wonderful visuals-Shadow moving is cleverly worked in with the storyline-Storyline is pretty well written and I do love how it weaves togetherCons:-Too short-Not very polished-Not a very open world compared to the scenery-Lack of music and sound in general-Heavy clipping issues-Bad articulation"
,Recommended,224460,7876506,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Frootsy Collins,"An interesting, but short and flawed game.  The game is about 3 hours long.  The music and art style are fantastic, but you can definitely tell this was made by a small team as there are bugs and cutscenes don't transition that well.  The concept is really interesting, but the game doesn't explore it deeply enough.  If you like indie games, by all means support it and have an interesting experience."
76561197997051191,Recommended,224460,10342454,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Gideon Graymalkin,"This game is gorgeous, with great music, settings, story and some cool secrets as well. There are some stiff movements from character models at times, but nothing that should detract anything from this game. Well worth your time and money."
76561198081259577,Recommended,224460,12432017,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,jag howay,this game is short but sweet. it has some good puzzles and a intresing story.
,Recommended,224460,10156175,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Gooby ☯,"nice short game with a good storyline, i suggest playing late at night, were you can really get enthralled into the story"
,Recommended,224460,12436032,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,ObeliX,"A short, but unique adventure platformer with seamless switching between 3D and 2D shadow-sections. While it's mainly linear, some areas allow you to create your own path of shadows to walk on. Storytelling is cute and enjoyable, and on top of that, it's often a direct part of the game because - once again - of the shadows.I liked it despite the port being quite poor - almost no proper options in the menu. It's an Unreal Engine game, so the standard ContrastEngine.ini tweaks and some driver-forced AA will fix most of the bad looks and make it the superior version of the game. Of course, it would be nice to have these in the menu, as the game clearly supports them, but it's an indie developer and the game is enjoyable enough that I am willing to forgive them.All in all, well worth 5€."
,Recommended,224460,12444298,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Uncle Crow,"One of the cutest, and most charming, games i've ever played. The concept, the screenplay and the art are wonderful. A must play!"
,Recommended,224460,7875132,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,terra_dea,"beautiful, imaginitive puzzle platformer.a little glitchy at times, but over all fairly well put together for a small budget game.worth a playthrough"
,Recommended,224460,10401461,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,goddoggo,"This game is quite beautiful with the animations are smooth, the lighting is lovely among other things.Lets get to the point if your on here it means your thinking about buying this game am I right?Well the story is8/10 the game goes a bit in depth about the story which I don't mind muchthe collectibles show more than being toys they tell you the back story of Dawn & Didibut need to be a little shallower on how much goes on between Kat & Johny out of Didi's sight& about the animations9/10 the game's animations were smooth & in time to what was happening around the player with the shadows among other things the shadow walking7/10 im giving it a seven because there are glitches that make it impossible to do the puzzlethe puzzles7/10 great puzzles great for 8 & upsome were easy some were hard some were strange & had nothing to do with what you were doing at that time. The music10/10it gave a great atmosphere to the game.Over all I give this game 8/10I hope my review helps you with buying or not buying Contrast"
76561197969879318,Recommended,224460,12214194,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Don Karnage,The art style can only be described as scrumptious. It leaves you wanting more.
,Recommended,224460,14441895,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,Gorman Freedon,"An Amazing MasterpieceI am impressed. No matter what your major gaming genre is, I think you will like this brilliant example of contemporary game art design. Also, not hardware hungry: Runs smooth here, on a mediocre notebook (Dual-i5 and GeForce 610M).Requires some timing & control skills though, but that seems doable to me, so far.An option to remap the control keys (incl. mouse) would be nice, which is missing. Experienced users may want to edit the ContrastInput.ini which can be found in...docs/MyGames..."
,Recommended,224460,28242738,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Willow Blue,"This game is great. I saw it was on sale a year or two ago and I checked it out because I judge books by their cover. The name sounded interesting, and I liked the store artwork. Once I saw the game and how you shift between shadows and the real world to progress through the game, I realized how unique it is. I haven't played much of it because I had a really crappy computer so I couldn't run it smoothly, but now I have a new computer that I can run this game perfectly on and I'll tell you the first 10 minutes of the game I kept thinking ""This game is freaking amazing, I love it so much."" The artstyle is unique and  the game itself is nothing like I've ever played before. You have combat games, puzzle games, story games that all seem so much alike, but I've never come across a game as unique as this one."
,Recommended,224460,15101882,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Xenoranger,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=F87q1CEVAv0
76561198033046217,Recommended,224460,15101532,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Wat,
,Not Recommended,224460,17734009,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,MarKo BlanCo,Yawn! Didn't like it.
,Not Recommended,224460,17909469,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,BoboCop,"Beautiful game with an interesting mechanic (phase between shadows and ""reality"") and compelling story. However, the clunky controls (no way to remap keys) make that phase-in-out mechanic frustrating. Combine that with easily missed collectibles and you get an awkward game experience. The pull of the story is far more compelling than the fun of the gameplay. I accidentally started a new game just after starting Act 3, and I had no desite to play through the fristration again, so I uninstalled the game."
,Recommended,224460,13192588,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,davidincostamesa,
,Recommended,224460,18191949,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Synthia Vice,"6/10An interesting game with some novel gameplay ideas and a cutesy story, but the lifelessness of the environments and the repetitive nature of the puzzles will wear on you after a while. Dawn is a pretty cool character to play as, though."
76561198109498754,Recommended,224460,19559612,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Kaima-b,This game jitterbugged into my life and i accepted it with open arms
,Recommended,224460,13130445,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,A Tiny Old Lady,"Short Game, interesting concept, puzzles aren't too hard or too easy."
,Recommended,224460,14298736,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,GRRRR,"Its very pretty and the core mechanic is quite unique.You got some 3D platforming but mostly youll be jumping around in 2D - inside..on (?) walls, as a shadow, using shadows cast by objects as platforms. These arent just static either but will move and often you can change their position by moving lights in front of objects or vice versa. You can shift in an out of them and take crates and stuff inside and then manipulate those shadow objects with spotlights for example. Impressive stuff.It is however shockingly short, 4 hours at max. Kinda feels overpriced but thinking about it you really couldnt slash the asking price down more than would amount to about 2 coffees and a bagel or the like, so..."
,Recommended,224460,12520332,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Janos,"Long story short: This game is awesome. I, as a player, had a great time playing it. i enjoyed it, and don't regret for a single moment to have bought it. However for the purpouse of enlighting prospective buyers i will list the pros and cons:PROS:-AWESOME VISUALSi can't understate this enough. The kind of visuals that Tim Burton pioneered before he became a parody of himself. The music is the best the period has to offer. The world is abstract and yet historically accurate. The game portrays the feeling of the 20's like i've never seen before in fiction but also strangely a familiar, timeless story, perfectly relatable to the average player.-The story is extremely engaging, interesting and believable despite the fantastic aspects of the game. You will love the characters, you will care and worry about them if they fall, and will feel a legitimately warm, fuzzy feeling if they succeed. The voice acting is also great, for all the characters wich are written in a way that, again, will make you remember them for a long time. Of special note is Didi: avoiding spoilers i can say that while children are hard to portray in fiction, both in building character and acting, they tend to be hit or miss (think Anakin Skywalker), she is not only very well acted but also very well written, being believable, helpful, and never annoying.- The gameplay is great fun, engaging, the game mechanics are well developed, explained and exploited, making it fun and original, ESPECIALLY if you're a fan of old school plataformers.CONS:-THE GAME IS SHORT. Is that simple. The collectables, tell a great story and are really cool, but they are easy to find in a single playthrough. The world is beautiful and intriguing but the game has a short lifespan, with no replay value whatsoever.-On the gameplay point of view, the save system is kinda arbitrary. There are checkpoints wich work also as autosaves but there's no way of manually save the game, so it can be annoying if you wanna leave inmediatly and you're in the middle of a puzzle, but it is barely noticeable.Veredict:TOTALLY WORTH PLAYING, that being said, if you're strict on your wallet, and wanna make every single cent in it count, it would be wiser to wait until its lower than full price (a 25% discount would be spot on). But considering that is an indie game, made by a developer that is obviously on a budget i think the game deserves the price tag.I hope this review has been useful :D"
76561198058894458,Recommended,224460,9116275,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Zmios,The contrast game wos they most greatest game ive ever played. I give it 10/10 great game for everyone.
,Recommended,224460,18091586,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,HDKN ViperZz,"Set in 1920's Paris; the City of Lights is an ideal location for a shadow based puzzle platformer. Consistantly testing your perspective of lighting and which dimension you should be within. The game adds an interesting 3D world aswell as a constant 2D platformer which you have to vary between in order to complete puzzles. Having the power to slip between the open 3D world to hopping from shadow to shadow in 2D at your own will opens up some very clever puzzling possibilities.Throughout the game there's a gripping emotional story line in which follows the main little girl, Didi. As she is always trying to help out her close-to-useless father, having to deal with various mobsters, aswell as an illusionist puzzle master. As Didi’s imaginary friend, you can only see the shadows and hear the voices of the real people within the 3D world, in which Didi interacts with. But again within the 2D world there is great interaction of the real people's shadows and a fulfilling sense of achievment once you complete a puzzle.As with all medium to low budget puzzle games there are a few bugs/glitches but nothing you can't turn your head at. Some of the puzzels can be very cliche: move a box over a button = door opens. But there was a few interesting ones you'll have to think twice about.Overall gameplay was enjoyable and certainly made you want to finish the game, yet only being 3-5 hours long depending on collectables and the narrations. It’s hard to say whether Contrast looks better while playing as one of the minimalist silhouettes or running around in full 3D. The graphics are a key aspect of the game, being set in such a hearty destination the overly cartoon design looks great and is consistant throughout.8/10"
76561197991103051,Not Recommended,224460,25604948,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Puddle,I dont think the mechanic is enough to carry the game because it gets rather stale very quickly. It really needs more polishing with the camera angels and the actual use of the puzzle mechanics.The story wasnt awful but it wasnt good either. I really dont think youd miss out on much if you pass this one up.
,Recommended,224460,8923188,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,NaMJaG,Awesome Game!
,Recommended,224460,8938599,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Nemi,"While I enjoyed this game's visuals and general game mechanics, it ultimately left me a bit disappointed. It just felt way too short and vaguely unsatisfying. Still, I suggest you give it a shot, if you're desperately looking for a game with noir atmosphere."
,Recommended,224460,7931526,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,AngryKarl,Wonderful game!
,Not Recommended,224460,15665393,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Slow,this is one of the worst games i've ever played. it was so bad that i had to get every achievement and then write about how bad it was.
,Recommended,224460,23576506,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Mountaineer,fun indie game with puzzles and a small story.
,Recommended,224460,12515555,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Taleweaver,"Damn two way system...this would've been neither a thumbs up nor a thumbs down but a middle ground. It has some strong points, as well as some lesser ones. I'll see if I can post it without one to get around that pickle.The strong points sort of sells itself on the store: the visuals and the ideas. Oh, and the voice-acting and the audio.Theme-wise, this is a wonderful film noir kind of feel with the old stylish drama and some genuinely fitting soundtracks that perfectly fit the gameplay mechanics. Climbing the shadow of the musicians or the voice actors while they are acting their part is original to say the least. As well as having the far majority of the cast consist merely of shadows (which gives the game a strange atmosphere).Unfortunately, while the gameplay is certainly fitting with the theme, the switching between 3rd person adventuring and 2d 'shadow' platforming doesn't quite mix that well. Despite the contrast in lighting, you sometimes have to guess where you can fade in the shadows, and sometimes you almost randomly drop out again. And rearranging lights in a 3D plane is a lot harder to properly 'aim' than in a 2D one (for those who are familiar with A shadow's tale: control was much tighter there).I'm not so sure what to think of the plot. While the atmosphere, voices and visuals are all in place, I wasn't drawn into the game much. I partly blame the clunky controls and some glaring bugs (I encountered numerous invisible walls and pass-through walls), and partly because the far majority of the game you're just a nanny for Didi (""let's fix this! let's fix that!""), while your own role isn't explained until nearly the end (which is a shame. How am I supposed to care for the characters if I don't know what my own role in the play is to begin with?).While contrast also has some platforming and puzzle segments, the only real meat is the storyline. It has those things, and they sort of work, but you'll push on through to get the next cutscene. And with that in mind, it should at the very least be labeled at ""not bad at all"". Awesome would be giving it too much credit, but it's certainly decent.I just wish more was put into it. Bug testing. The conversations. Perhaps some extra thought for lip syncing (there is only one character who has all the monologues, but her lips seem to say something competely different).But all in all, I'd say this is the sort of game I would give a 6.5 - 7. It's a good game. Not a great one. All in my opinion, of course. :-)"
76561198019193223,Recommended,224460,13313493,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Galadhatan,"Ok, so. This game is what I would  call a good ""sophomore effort"", in that it has some really good potentials: the character Didi is a likable enough character (though Dawn seems standoffish and unfriendly, especially for an avatar, and her raison d'etre is critically neglected), the concept of shadow-running is promising, and the set pieces are generally very good. The songs of the soundtrack, when there is any soundtrack, are very nice period pieces (1920's), much like LA Noire uses to establish atmosphere. In fact, a resemblence to LA Noire is strong from the title screen (though it ends there).  The use of shadows is very creative, and watching all of the family drama (I'm not entirely a fan of the non-existence of real people, just their shadows, though I admit it's a good concept) while they also pose the platforms you navigate is well done.Despite its promising start, it requires a considerable more polish before I'd call it great. The action and movement of Dawn, the avatar, is clumsy, sometimes failing to jump into shadows, sometimes not dashing correctly, rather often falling out of the shadow despite your best effort. This is a game requiring dexterous dual-joystick control, one for movement (which was by default absurdly inverted, and required some inner-game config editing to fix) and another for camera, and both need to move to execute the required jumps in places. The character model herself is rather unappealling, in running, turning, and standing. Like Papo y Yo (a game with a similar feel in playing), Contrast feels outdated even while you feel you should be enjoying it more. I suspect is has a lot to do with its use of the Unreal Engine, which (I can't confirm this, not knowing much about programing with the UE) seemed an unfortunately easy shortcut to making the game.  This is a game with such good story, concept, graphics, and voice-acting (for the most part, at least) that its central mechanism really unfortunately spoils it.Not to kick it while it's down, but it could really use some more polish in its foley effects and soundtrack generally, and mappable controls. Further, the puzzles are more tedious than challenging, such that, while you can enjoy the ingenuity of the shadow-running, the task you are given is not otherwise particularly difficult outside of trying to manage the game's physics.    6/10EDIT: Having just finished the game (I was only a little way from it before), Dawn's character is very very subtly explained, in part. But the ending was abrupt and poorly done. Short game, nice story, good atmosphere, bad mechanics."
,Recommended,224460,13574612,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,World's Strongest Virgin,"Is this game worth your Time? That really depends what you're trying to get out of it.As a game I think Contrast falls flat. The controlls feel unnatural, the shadow thing feels like a gimmick, the puzzles are uninspired and the only challenge is rooted in the poor controls and a camera programmed solely to avoid the angles that you actually need. That said, the soundtrack is fantastic, the graphics, especially the character models, look like something from a Tim Burton stop motion (in a good way) and the story is compelling (that's not the same as good)In the end Contrast won me over. I feel the aesthetics win out over the gameplay shortcommings. Wait for this to go on sale and definitely shell out the extra couple bucks to get the collector's edition for the soundtrack."
76561197963864314,Recommended,224460,13018727,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,karsia,"has a great story, puzzles and a fun setting :) to bad it's over that quickly :("
76561198126792081,Recommended,224460,12857969,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Starca,"intresting idea, puzzles to easy but for childrens its good ,story coud be better and graphics kinda old overall nice game only if you pay len then 4 Eu its to short around 3h of gameplay"
76561197967346265,Recommended,224460,12962108,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Deja Vu,"Short, and certainly not worth $15, but still an interesting story. Shifting mechanic is neat, but not enough kinda gets old after a little while. If you see it on sale and like puzzle games, this should entertain you for a bit."
76561198010233225,Recommended,224460,12859430,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Vahnatai,"Very nice idea, however very short game."
,Recommended,224460,12949445,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Mooglemuffins,"While this is a short little game (only an hour or two), I loved the art style and atmosphere. I enjoyed the mechanics with the shadow shifting and look forward to future developments and projects. If you're looking for a quick trip into a jazz-era game I'd definately pick it up.Also, if you're the kind of gamer that likes to 100% complete steam achievements for things. It takes only mild extra effort to do them all in one playthrough which is great."
76561198003229200,Recommended,224460,12978591,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Pikathulhu,"This is a great game. I completely finished the game and got all achievements in less than 5 hours, but don't let that fool you: this game is exactly the right length to not overstay its welcome. The music, atmosphere, and story are all perfectly done."
,Recommended,224460,13100096,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,haloedrain,"Glitchy in places, but unusual and fun"
,Recommended,224460,16864622,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,rolen120,"I spent the entire credits trying to figure out what just happened. I still have no idea.10/10 I can't even anymoreTo put a more serious light on the game, the puzzles are good but the storyline is what you're after.It's more than just puzzles, the hardest parts for me were getting platforming jumps right but that was probably because I'm on a toaster. Yeah, this game is not friendly to toasters. Make sure you have the minimum specs or you can't complain about the glitches (I'm assuming better computers don't have all the glitches I had).The storyline is fantastic and kept me thinking about it when I wasn't playing the game. The greatest part is how the game's mechanics allude to the storyline itself. The game breaks a lot of normal cliches and presents every character with a realistic personality and depth.It's far from perfect, but is still unbelievably amazing. Just make sure you aren't trying to run it on a toaster."
76561198052665286,Recommended,224460,12703843,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,CombatantNo1,"This is a good game with a mechanic that is reminiscent of the Shift games, which I think did it better. It could be because I played them first, or because I found the 3D to 2D in Contrast imprecise at times, which made some of the jumps pretty frustrating. It was also sometimes unclear how to set up the environment to successfully get yourself where you need to go, but I actually enjoyed how freeform these parts were and would have liked to see more of them, with a bit more polish.I really did like the atmosphere and setting, though I don't think the whole shadow idea meshed well with the rest of the game, and the locations felt more like they were pieced together based on how interesting they would be to play through instead of being used to create a cohesive narrative. Despite this, it was a very charming game with some interesting puzzles, and is worth picking up on sale to satisfy your curiosity."
76561198082725202,Recommended,224460,12920538,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,mazsail,"This is a wonderful game.  The story and music are really well done and the characters are incredible - if you are nostalgic for the big band, gumshoe era, this game is right up your alley.  Loading it is a little tricky as you will likely need a patch, but once you get it working there are very few hitches or problems.  The game play is unique with you playing a character that moves in and out of shadows and helps a little girl find her way in the world.  Most of the puzzles are fairly straight-forward and are somewhat portal-like in their layout.  I was able to solve most without assistance.   It is not a super long game but creates characters you will cheer for and love.  Gets a little metaphysical toward the end but doesn't attract from the story.  Definitely worth the price - not sure why such a lower metacritc score - was certainly better than a 66"
76561198114107871,Recommended,224460,12715147,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Avian,"Short, but sweet. Playing with shadows is fun and the story is nice."
76561198066063630,Recommended,224460,12757783,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Kup,Love the game and the story kinda short but it was pretty :)
,Recommended,224460,12843454,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,✪ Axpee™,"This is an amazing indie game built with visually stunning graphics and an emotional and engaging storyline, Contrast should not be missed during a sale! :D"
76561198071936908,Recommended,224460,12725599,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,bigangrywookie101,"Just started, but so far seems like a neat little game.  Interesting concept, very nice atmosphere, and the shadow mechanic looks like it might be used in interesting ways.  So far my only complaint is the controls seem a little rough at times.  I found I had to turn the sensitivity down quite a bit.  The graphics aren't amazing, but the aesthetic is very nice."
,Recommended,224460,12737240,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Captain Serious,"A charming story set in a beautiful environment.  The concept and mechanics of this platform game are innovative and fun despite the clunky controls.The ability to switch between the 3D world and 2D shadow platforming realms was a clever and interesting way to add puzzles to the mix.The art style and soundtrack are both beautiful.   I completed it in just under 5 hours, but loved every short minute of it.  Well worth the ridiculous sale price of $4."
76561198154424196,Recommended,224460,12703985,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,jifer_rocks,Pretty good.
,Recommended,224460,12842127,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,chimz,"Well polished and fun puzzles, an novel mechanic, and an excellent story with interesting characters.  It's a bit short, but the right length for its style and doesn't outstay its welcome."
,Recommended,224460,12806796,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,the_MUKe,"This game innovates by the integration of shadows into gameplay. Also most of the puzzles involve shadows in one way or another. Moreover, nice storytelling is combined with a beautifully implemented art style. The unique style is matched by the various locations and characters who greatly fit into the whole setting. Overall, Contrast provides very good entertainment for a few hours and is definitely worth taking a look."
76561198002832113,Recommended,224460,12836903,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,TimeRobot,"This isn't a game. It is interactive art. In the first few moments there's this song that pulled me in and intrigued me. I hit start and the graphics were so nice to look at. It was very immersive in those first few moments. That experience, I think, is worth the price when on sale. There is nothing to actually play however. I control the character in a very linear fashion and listen to the dialog as the story unfolds. With cutscenes every few minutes I'm never actually allowed to play. Then with all the things I learned from the tutorials I climb one tower with puzzles in and the game is through. So if you want an okay story with pretty things to look at then this is for you. If you want to play a game; look elsewhere."
76561197984313162,Recommended,224460,12747624,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,dedi,"Beautiful, inspiring game. Interesting game mechanics. Challenging but not too hard puzzles, wonderful voice acting. I'm not a fan of platformers but the story and the environment makes you forget the minor glitches. It's a real gem (covered with a little mud).The only sad thing that it takes little more than 4 hours to finish the game with all collectibles and achievements."
76561198018623643,Recommended,224460,12837646,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Grendus,"Good, but very short. The puzzle mechanics are excellent, though the puzzles themselves aren't very hard. My only complaint is that the game is simply too short. This game really needed about twice as much content, or maybe Steamworks so players could publish their own puzzles. What's there is very good though.I'm hoping for a sequel. So much untapped potential, both in game mechanics and story."
76561197991084747,Recommended,224460,12849008,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Say My Name,"Contrast is a game with a beautiful mood, great music and a lovely film noir-inspired visuals."
76561198000485037,Recommended,224460,12892651,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,[ATGC] Samsquanch,I highly recommend this game. I really enjoy the way the story is told as well as the unique gameplay mechanic requiring the player to traverse shadows. I am a big fan of the film noir atmosphere and the soundtrack is quite enjoyable. I have found myself listening to it outside the game as well. Seems to be a fair amount of gameplay for the price. Not too sure about replay value though. 7/10
,Recommended,224460,18086737,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,nickdec97,"For those of you who enjoy inventive platforms, or dynamic interestings story lines I highly recommend this game.Contrast brings to the table inventive gameplay with well crafted characters. As the story develops your emotions run with it a bit, and it makes it that much more fun and interesting.The collectibles bring extra elements to the story you wouldn't have known otherwise, so even if there wasn't achievements for finding them, they tie into this story extremely well and answer questions you wouldn't have even thought to ask. In fact, in Act III my mind was basically blown because the ending wouldn't have made any sense if I hadn't found every collectible, and after the first collectible, I wanted to know more so I made sure I grabbed every single one before the end of the last Act.The ending makes you want more! I won't tell you any of it, but I personally was blown away and left awaiting a sequel.But for those who worry about how the game handles, Its controller compatible and easy to pick up, and for those dedicated to the key board and mouse it can't be very hard to manage. It ran smooth and I didn't have to change any settings for it to work and faster. I was very satisfied in that regardThis group does an amazing job, I not lay in wait for a sequel, but for their other projects as well. I can't wait to see what other inventive ideas come next."
,Recommended,224460,11253759,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,AlwaysSmilling:D,This was a great game i loved it! fantastic storie line beautiful details if you love puzzles and platform games you should give this game a try!:) i wasnt sure at first but very glad i bought it!:)
76561198017287327,Not Recommended,224460,24188314,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,mistersc0rpi0n,"This game has an overwhelmingly interesting concept, unfortunately I can't reccomend it. I think the developers may have had some great vision for the product, but either due to budget, or time constraints, it falls short on several fronts, including, but not limited to, gameplay mechanics, bugs and/or semi frequent glitches, etc. It even falls slightly short on the story front, the one part I actually still like a fair amount, especially the ending. The little girl, Didi, is very unintersting, a little bossy sounding at times, and besides backstory, somewhat bland. I had no desire to do anything, beyond simply wanting to understand the world and what was going on. Your character doesn't help on that front either, being lifeless, and never talks once unfortunately, though certain collectibles make her story interesting. It was also extremly frustrating with some of the mechanics, almost seeming to have a mind of their own in terms of when they worked, or when they didn't, mostly in reference to shadow transitioning. I would have loved to see this game be amazing, and for what it was, it's not terrible, worth looking up the cutscenes, if nothing else. However, even purchased on a sale, I can't say it's really a worthy purchase. Sounds harsh, but I'll not be revisting this experience truthfully, and hoping one day, another studio does it better with a similar concept, and much better stability."
,Recommended,224460,8191325,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,jokeserver,"Pretty cute but short puzzle platformer with a mute player character. A little unpolished physics-wise (solved one puzzle by clipping onto midair... still not sure how to actually solve that one), and could probably use a little bit more exposition with the collectibles you pick up and expand some of the story therein... but enjoyable nevertheless."
76561197995421497,Not Recommended,224460,32738539,Posted: 24 June,all,Steve-O,"5 Things You Should Know aboutContrastWhat's Is It?Contrast is an interesting concept piece.  A 1920s-ish (?) semi-noir story about a little girl and her imaginary friend, struggling to bring her estranged parents back together.  The plot is a mash-up of cliches that somehow add up to something original and the game play is unique and engaging.What's The Best Part?The gameplay really is unique.  Shifting from 3D to 2D and back again is fun, and the controls make this easy to do (although they are a bit loose otherwise - a ""walk"" button would've been nice.)What's The Worst Part?The game suffers from a lack of polish, which ultimately makes me say ""thumbs down."" The necessary elements are all there, but they all feel unfinished.  Like the devs got 90% of the way there and then just... stopped.  The controls.  The voices.  The puzzles.  Even the story gets 90% of the way to a conclusion and then stops just shy of actually explaining what's going on.  It could've really shined with a little more TLC.There are some games out there that give me a headache just from playing them.  I can't properly say WHY this happens, but it happens reliably when playing such games.  Contrast is one of those games.  Every time, after about ten minutes in-game, I have to go pop a few painkillers.Will I Like It?As much as I enjoyed playing this game, I was definitely ready for it to be over before I got to the end.  As creative and original as it is, it somehow gets old too quickly.  If you're the sort of person who likes to play unique games just to experience unique games, you may like this game despite its faults.Should I Buy It?The game is relatively short (I have 4.7 hrs on record and that represents one complete play-through.)  If you're curious, I'd say buy it, but wait until it's on sale.  If you're not sure, or you're the sort who expects to get somethingdefinitiveout of a game, it's safer to skip it.This has been a 5TYSK review. (#0001)"
76561198030339686,Not Recommended,224460,32012942,Posted: 27 May,all,Drunken Padre,"I love the noir theme, the art, the core mechanic... but it definitely needed more play testing. I've only been playing for about an hour and I've already fallen through the floor into nothing and been stuck in an infinite respawn loop of falling off the edge of the map. Pity, because the game had a lot of potential."
,Not Recommended,224460,32694294,Posted: 23 June,all,darmstadi,"I thought this game was a bit weak.The world and environement are beautiful and the story is quite enjoyable. However, I disliked the puzzles: the controls didn't seem as responsive as they needed to be for some of the jumps that you were required to perform and I didn't think the main mechanic of the game was use to it's full extent.It's very short and too linear for how the world presents itself. There's some secret here and there to distract you from the main path but unless you are invested in the world of the game, it doesn't pay off trying to find them."
,Recommended,224460,17899313,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Kryyss,"E=MC²It's commonly accepted as one of the most elegant and yet profound discoveries of science. There are equasions which Mathematicians and Physicists say put a smile of delight on their faces and which they describe as beautiful. That may seem odd, but they understand the complexities of these acadamic arts and therefore percieve how hard it is to produce something simple yet powerful. For anyone who has an interest in game design - you will have the same reaction to Contrast.The game is elegant in design, form and presentation. Simple in concept yet profound in its scope and it is a genuine shame that the idea of moving into a world of shadows and back out again hasn't really been explored much in any form of media; be it literiture, movie or gaming. If there was ever a game that deserved a sequel it would be this one. We're talking about the kind of simplicity and genius as when someone said; Lets make a game about wormholes and using them to solve puzzles. Contrast is as unique and creative as Portal without any shadow of a doubt, if you'll excuse the pun.At it's core it's about puzzle solving, but there is a bit of a storyline in there as well. Although it isn't fleshed out much. The setting itself is the very distinctive Paris of the 1920's but with a weird blend of 20's America as well. I won't ruin the surprize but you'll start to understand that something isn't quite right with the world when you start wandering around the streets. As for the level of difficulty, it isn't too taxing. But the variety of gameplay and novel use of moving into shadows is constantly compelling. This is a short, but perfectly polished gem of a game which is well worth a look.As an aside, the game can be played with either a pad or the keyboard and mouse. I would suggest using a pad because when using the keyboard there is a weird 'floaty' feel about movement which feels wrong. This may in fact cause frustration, as a number of more tricky platforming sections of the game would be made unpleasently awkward if you use the keyboard and mouse. Once you use a pad however, the controls are rock solid and precise."
76561198175835294,Recommended,224460,31908671,Posted: 22 May,all,WH1T3RAVEN,love the art n song
76561197999957581,Recommended,224460,18164088,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Hcorg,"I'm thinking with shadows now.It's a little bit too sensitive in some areas/puzzles, but it's one great game, with some new view on platforms, puzzles and graphics.Definitly recomended."
,Recommended,224460,13581168,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,hahabst1025,"don't buy this game on saleit's fully worth $15 of the all time!and strong recommand play one run in local, one run in Frenchturn off the light and play this epic puzzle action game!Didi is a damnnnnn kido <3"
,Recommended,224460,14345802,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,goodbye,I hope they make a second one.
,Recommended,224460,18049750,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Bleki,Nice puzzle game with unique gameplay.Really liked it despite some little bugs and annoying parts.A bit silly story and a little too short gameplay but I still recommend it.
76561198089251936,Recommended,224460,21003022,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,MonoChaos,"Pros:-Great gameplay-Fascinating atmosphere-Good music-Interesting and fun puzzlesCons:-Story is kind of lackluster. This is kind of one of those games where you play it more for the gameplay rather than the story. Atleast that is the way I see it.-Voice acting is only about half decent.-The game is short. I beat it in four hours.The game is sort of fun and a good way to kill an hour, so yeah, I'd recommend it. But if you're looking for something more, I'd suggest looking elsewhere."
76561198008914127,Recommended,224460,24830087,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Wuzzerator,"Really inventive, stylised and just lovely. The game play is very creative. Yes, I have been able to put it down for a while, but I have really enjoyed it as well. Definitely worth a try."
,Recommended,224460,9125069,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Negan,"+ Great graphics, beautiful scenery and classy+ Compelling storyline+ Easy to learn+ Great puzzle solver- The game is extremely short, around 3-4 hours to complete- I found a couple of bugs where you could get stuck8.8/10 - I picked up this game when it was on sale and I must say I don't regret it. The visuals are extremely beautiful and without revealing any spoilers the storyline and story development is well prepared. It is ingenous how Dawn can jump in shadows to get through obstacles. Aside how great this game is, it does have it's flaws, for one, the game is relatively short and the gameplay can sometimes fustrate you if you're not a patient gamer. Needless to say the puzzles are well laid out so yeah I recommend you give this game a shot if you're a fan of puzzle solving games."
,Recommended,224460,30455849,Posted: 11 March,all,Carlos Danger,A game that has an imaginary character that is way sexier than what a small child going through the trauma of a broken home should experience. Feel yourself getting the weirdest boner as you watch a sexy character platform and puzzle all through out the broken life of her child creators life.Watch your boner die as you pay attention to a very well told but bleek story. Then watch it rise again as you play as you take control of the sexy imaginary friend again while the story tunes out.Contrast INDEED.Embararassing boner rollercoaster/10
76561198086769861,Recommended,224460,28649881,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Stetz,"Pros:- The atmosphere and setting are utterly fantastic, and the art is very good with a really interesting noir-style. The art direction is really solid.- The soundtrack is fantastic.- The puzzles are, for the most part, interesting.- The idea of hopping between 2D and 3D platforming is intriguing.- The story is interesting enough to be engaging for the whole length of the game.Cons:- The game is short, so if you don't get the game on a sale it might not be worth it to everyone.- The control is buggy and at times a serious nuisance. This may turn off lots of players.Overall, I wish the mechanics/controls were more polished, and the bugs worked out, but it's a solid experience with an intriguing hook and a story interesting enough to keep me engaged for the ~5 hours I played."
76561198005895658,Recommended,224460,18561298,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Quiet vivant,This game has a compelling story with great game mechanics and level design. Feels like it could have been event better with more time and funding. Great little gem on a Sale.Reminds me of Bioshock.
,Recommended,224460,7904979,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,joridiculous,"I would recommend this game, not only to platformers but also to those who isn't to found on them (like me) and to those who like a bit puzzling and exploring.This is quite an fun game to play. The controls are smooth and works perfectly with the xbox 360 controller. Its not to hard (probably a bit easy for platform players) but gives you some good challenges with how you switch back-n-forth between ""real world"" and shadows..There are some secrets spread around so exploring is important.All in all, a fun and entertaining game :)"
,Recommended,224460,12584655,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,LanSeRocK,"Great Arcade game! Family,Shadows and Bad Guys... you learn if I don't have shadow , Shadow'll be rise! :) This is only joke.Graphics are great for this game. Cinematics like a short film. I like it...If You want to earn new experince you must play this gameGame : 9/10"
,Recommended,224460,11984117,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Big DanZ,best platformer i played in years
76561198033975337,Recommended,224460,12450359,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Inquizitor,"In less than 3 hours,i have done 80% achievements and i found over 90% collectibles and beaten the game.This game was really nice, kinda reminds me of Portal 2 puzzling and Bioshock ages.15€ for such short game is not good,wait for some sale and get it. Its has really nice gameplay and graphics."
,Not Recommended,224460,16604755,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Sunr' ever,"This game is short but thank God it is. Don't get me wrong. The story is interesting and the soundtrack is amazing, but puzzles, oh my, the puzzles are SO boring... also, this is not a true platformer, it's more like a 3D adventure. Well, I bought it because I like puzzles and platformer games, and since puzzles are terrible and in my opinion it's not even a platformer, I certainly didn't like it and don't recommend it."
,Recommended,224460,12433269,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,wearingpurple,Must-buy.
,Recommended,224460,12449948,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,SleepParalysis,"Interesting concept, nice story and... yeah I've been playing it since I got it. :)"
,Recommended,224460,12444835,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,+クレイモア+,it's ok :D
76561197988059736,Recommended,224460,12443464,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,ok2bnvs,"This is no game... Its a work of art. The atmosphere is amazing. The broken mind of a broken girl, or something?"
76561198127473731,Recommended,224460,10038533,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Allison Fontaine,Amazing art style for an INDIE game!
,Recommended,224460,11694050,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Serp,"PROS:Story - the writing and voice acting in this game were greatNovelty - introduction of an innovative game mechanic that lends itself well to creative and challenging puzzlesCONS:Controls - movement is awkward and occasionally a bit frustratingUnpredictable triggers - Use key on the wrong item and you will be taken to the next part of the story before you've had a chance to try and find everything in the current levelLength/Price ratio - This game is a bit expensive for being so short. Totally worth picking up on sale though.Many people complain about glitches but I didn't see anything too obvious. There are some kind of annoying places where you fall through decorative parts near the edge of the level that look like they should support you, but you'll only notice this if you are off exploring. It won't impede progression through the actual game content.Don't expect this to be game that's going to help hone your precision platformer skills. The controls, collisions, and physics are too wonky for that. The puzzles, story, music, art, writing, etc. however, are all very well done, and very cohesive. Nice little game."
76561198048578224,Not Recommended,224460,25471772,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Citrus Fruit,"I was really hyped to play this game, i thought it would be really cool.But about a hour in, i just found the game boring.I'm trying to like this game, but I just can't.To give a benefit to the doubt, I thought the idea ofchanging to a shadow to a human really cool.But, yeah. There was just something about this gamethat didn't feel right."
76561198013026789,Recommended,224460,12744635,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Pi Flavored,"Starting out, I had mixed feelings about this game that ranged from confusion, to flat out elation at what I was seeing it bring to the table. It's story line left me asking what exactly was going on straight out of the gate, but then the art style the game had, and it's mechanics made me giddy with delight at how awesome playing it was! The ability to turn yourself into a shadow on the walls, and then traverse the landscape by walking along OTHER shadows was just the coolest thing to me, and the art style maanged to keep the world looking dark yet plesent and beautiful at the same time.That said, the only gripes I had was that the game was WAY too short. Someting I was able to hammer out to the end in just a couple hours.... and the story line left me with more questions than answers about what was happening in the games world. Other than that, Contrast was great!"
,Recommended,224460,12767526,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,RickySpanish1Flynn,aside from being a bit buggy and shorter than my♥♥♥♥♥♥ this game is really enjoyable. Not worth full price but worth a whirl when it's on sale next :)p.s I have 100%'d this game on my first playthrough (without trying) in 3.3hrs - It's REALLY Short.
,Recommended,224460,13878615,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,VenoM ★,interesting game. I like it.
,Not Recommended,224460,25556898,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,Sketch,"Rather meh. The mechanics got stale quickly and the story wasn't enough to hold my interest.The problem wasn't with the 2D puzzles, it was going in and out of them from 3D with an extraordinarily wonky camera. Almost nauseating in parts.Some of the timed jumping bits were also cringe-worthy game design. It almost felt like a college project that somehow got produced into a full game.Still, it was a decent diversion...until the game didn't save my progress after I solved three puzzles. At that point, it was Uninstall Time."
,Recommended,224460,11582815,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,reO,THIS GAME IS RAD! I LOVE IT SO MUCH! It is a really fun puzzle/platform game with a refreshingly new concept of becoming shadows to traverse the world. 10/10 :D
76561198020144608,Recommended,224460,21598736,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Clark Kent,gg
76561198007290272,Not Recommended,224460,29165256,Posted: 10 January,all,adam.steiner,Pretty but absurdly linear and short.
,Not Recommended,224460,29952462,Posted: 15 February,all,Chopper Mask,"The concept for this game is fairly clever and the story is okay, but the execution is rather poor. I frequently shifted out of the shadows involuntarily, such as after a dash through thin shadows. Other times I just got stuck and couldn't walk into a particular direction anymore. And being unable to hang onto ledges is just stupid. The end result is a rather frustrating gameplay experience."
,Recommended,224460,13151307,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Timeraider,"Time for another Timeraider Reviews :P  (SMALL SPOILERS INSIDE, NONE STORY-RELATED THOUGH) (30-11-2014)So.. Contrast. Lets first get some things and negative points out of the way:The game is very short. About 3-4 hours, 4-5 if you want to get all the collectibles.I bought it during a 75% off sale, thus i cant judge well if it would be worth the full price. I would advice to wait for a sale .. like 50%-75% off :D Do keep in mind.. this is only based my normal 1 euro = 1 hour of gametime, nothing else.Though it plays fine with a keyboard and mouse and has not a single problem while using those devices, as always i would advice playing a platformer with a controller. (Game has amazing controller support btw, even switching from keyboard to controller in the middle of a tutorial text, the line will change the keys the text redirects you to)Now the good things:The music is amazing. The jazzy style with some sweet vocals now and then made me finish this game quicker then expected due to being able to play longer without getting bored.The atmosphere in the game is the other big part. It feels as if you got trown back into the past.. back to the time of the blues, gangsters and burlesque. Alot of the game being darker colored with not that much massively bright colored objects make it an amazing experience.Now the platforming. When i started playing i felt trown back into another one of my favorite games in the past years.. Alice: Madness Returns. A 3D world from third-personview with platform elements while getting you further into the story in between. Even though Contrast doesnt hold any combat, the platforming parts are quite active... it doesnt just stop with moving platforms..nooooo.. because Contrast has something else.. shadows.You are able to go into the light reflecting on walls etc. and go inside of your own shadow, allowing you to go alot further then just walking on physical objects. Combine this with being able to dash and be able to become a shadow even when mid-air makes for some exciting puzzles. Its not THAT hard but i can see some people taking their time at some puzzles for sure.The story is great. Because your own personage stays on the background, you get fully emerged in the story of the child you are taking care of. Lets just say it has some nice twists and emotions (Not as emotional as Brothers: A tale of two sons (of which im not afraid to admit is the only game in history that literally made me shed a tear for a sec) with a good plot (though it might be slightly confusing for some ;D). I wont spoil anything of the story so enough about that!Now the conclusion. Great game, nice controls, gameplay and atmosphere feel amazing and suck you in. Not supermemorable game that will change your life entirely but still a very very well-made game.I would rate this game 7.5-8/10.Not sure if i would pay full price since im a cheapass :P but at least worth looking into and certainly worth buying with any discount.Its on 75% discount till 2 December (2014) btw."
,Not Recommended,224460,8698982,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Quadadvance,"This game....i mean i had high hopes for it. Terrible execution. lags at medium quality, bad storyline, gameplay is meh at best. also, VERY VERY short game. beat it in 2 hours roughly.  Glitches in game are nearly gamebreaking, had to reset three times, because i got stuck in boxes or somewhere else. also, kept throwing me out of shadow mode making me redo the whole ""puzzle"" again.4/10 would not play again."
,Not Recommended,224460,28248478,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,hangin and bangin,"I was really excited to play this game, and the concept is pretty unique and interesting. I was excited when I started playing, and the first act does a pretty good job of leading you around so that you can figure out how to solve puzzles and things.After Act 1, though, is when I started to get disappointed. The tutorial-esque first level isn't the only tutorial-esque level. Every single act pretty much holds your hand through all of the puzzles, and it just wasn't interesting enough to actually keep my interest.I was very interested in the story, but it couldn't hold my attention long enough to actually keep me in the game. I uninstalled midway through act 3 and have never looked back."
76561198046675266,Not Recommended,224460,18375197,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Dustin,"Damn what the f*ck is this game? You're like a ghost or ""imaginary friend"" of a little girl who's sl*t Mom dumped her hardworking Husband.She believes you're real but you're just a ghost and most likely ready to kill that little b*tch at any moment.This game just feels like The Mask movie, but really stupid.4/10"
,Not Recommended,224460,35218451,Posted: 26 September,all,DwarfyWarfy,"I FINISH THE GAME, JUST SAYING.it's short puzzel platformer game. not that hard.story is liner at best.nothing to say it's just a platformer whit a story that revolt around a girl and some mestyris shadow person you controling.dose anybody have vdka around here?"
,Recommended,224460,23512422,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,Pringles,I enjoyed it give it a 8/10██████───────────────────▒▓████████████████████▓───────────────▒▓████████████████████████────▓▒───────▒████████▓██████████▓███████────┼──────▒█████████▓█▓▓████████▓███████░────────▒██████████▓▓▓█▓▓▓█▓▓██▓▒███████▓▒────░▒█████████████▓▓▓█▓▓▓███▓▒▓████████┼───┼▓█████████████▓▓▓▓▓█▓▓██▓███████████───▓██████████████████▓█▓█▓▓███▓▓███████▓─░█████████████████████████▓▒▓▓▒┼██████▓─┼███████████████████████▓███▒─┼▒─█████▓─▒▓▓███▓▓▓▓▓███████████████▓██▓──░┼█████─┼▓▓▓▓█▓▓▒▒▒▓▒▓███▓▓▓██▓████████┼───████─░▒▒▓▓▓▓▓▓▒▒▒▓████▒▒▒▒▒▒▒▓▓██████▓───███▓─▒▒▓▓▓▓▓▓▓▒▒▒▒▓▓▓▒░░─░─░─┼▒▓██████┼─┼███─▒▒▒▒▓▓▓▓▓▓┼┼┼░┼┼▒┼░───░─░─░┼▒▓█████──██▓─▒▒▒▓▓▓▓▓▓▒─░─░─░┼▒┼┼░┼░░░░─░┼▒▓████▒─██▒░▒▒▒▓▓▓▓▓▓▒────░┼┼┼┼┼┼░┼░░─░─┼░▒▓███▓─██▒┼▒▒▒▓▓▓▓▓▓┼─────▒┼┼░┼┼┼░░░░──░░─▒███▓─██▓░┼┼▒▓▓▓▓▓▓──────┼▒┼░░░░░─░░░──░─░▓██▓┼███▒░░▒▒▒▒▒▓▒──────┼▒▒┼┼░░░░─░────░─▒██▓░████▓▒▒▒▓▓▓▓█───▒▒▒▒┼┼▒░░░░─░░░───░░░▓██┼██████████████▓▓▓▒──░░░░░┼░░─░░░───░░▒██─█████████████████▓──░┼░─┼░░─░─░░░─░░┼▒██┼█████████████████▓─░░┼▒▒┼┼░░░░░░░░─┼▒▒▓█▒███████████████████▒▒▒▒┼┼┼┼┼┼░░░┼─░┼▒▒▒█▒███████████████████──░───░┼┼┼░░┼░░░▒▓▒▒█▒███████████████──▒──▓▒▒▒▒┼┼┼┼░░─░┼▒▓▓▓▓▓▒█████████████▓▓░───▓███▓▒┼░░────┼▓▓▓▓▓▒▓┼█████████████┼─┼▒───┼██▒░──────▒████▓▒▒▒░█████████████▓───▒────██▓▒───▒▓█████▓▓▒▒░██████████████▓──▒▒────▒██▓▓██████▓▓▓▓▓▓┼██████████████──┼─┼▒────▒███████▓▒▓▓▓▓▓▓▒█████████████──█▓──┼▒─────██████▒▒▓▓▓▓▓▓▓████████████░─▓██┼──▒▒─────████▓▒▒▒▓▓▒▒█████████████▒─▒████───┼┼─────▓██▒▒▒▒▒▒┼░█▓██████████▓──█████▓───░▒─────▒█▓▒▒▒▒┼┼┼█▓██████████──███████▓───░▒─────┼▒▒▒▒▒┼░┼█▓█████████──█████████▒───░▒┼────┼▒▒▒▒┼─┼█▓████████▓─▓████████▒▓┼────░───░░▒▒▒┼░─▒█▓███▓░█████████████▓──▒░░░─────▒▒┼▒▒┼──▒█▓███──▓█████████████──┼▒─░─────▒┼░▒▒───▒█▓███──█████████████▒░─┼┼░───░░░░░─┼▒┼┼─▒█▓████▒████████████▓─░▒┼░───┼┼┼░┼░░─▒▓█┼▒█▓███▒──▒███████████──▒┼───░┼┼┼┼┼┼─░░▒▓░▒█▓───▓┼▒──██████████──▒░────░░░░┼░░──▒▓┼▒█▓░──█▒┼▒──▓████████▒──░░┼┼┼┼┼░┼┼░──▒██┼▒█▓██┼▒█░▒┼──┼███████▓───┼┼┼┼┼┼┼░░─░▒██▓┼▓█▓███▓▒─┼▓┼───▒██████▒──┼┼┼┼┼┼░──░▒▓▓▓─┼▓█▓███▓▓█▓█▒┼░──░▓█████▓┼─░┼░┼░░─▒▓▓▓┼───▓█▓█▓┼───────░░───┼▓█████▒▒────┼▒▓▒┼─────┼█▒
76561198338121629,Not Recommended,224460,33508332,Posted: 13 July,all,missmadam,"I like the game just fine, but I think Steam should add a warning to prospective buyers that you cannot save this game manually. There are saves built into the game, but if you have to leave the game before autosave, you have to repeat the unsaved part. This game is not new so what is the problem with fixing it? Very disappointed."
,Recommended,224460,30699621,Posted: 23 March,all,™ Æñç,bleh
76561197988370217,Not Recommended,224460,28791773,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Reqcore,The little girl is so anoying and the story is too slow.The gameplay is a good idea but the story is just to uninteresting.I did not finish the game.
76561198127691711,Not Recommended,224460,25969531,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,toadbomb24,DO NOT PLAY THIS GAME IT IS PATHETICALLY BAD. ITS HORRIBLE
76561198068417399,Not Recommended,224460,34653727,Posted: 1 September,all,NerdErudito,Have you ever felt trying to pack a lot into an already full suitcase? This is Contrast in a nutshell.
76561197976369674,Recommended,224460,8581170,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,bloodraven43,cute story...excellent puzzles ...must play if you like this type of game
76561198106159078,Not Recommended,224460,25233487,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,big bopper,and this is why you don't rush a game
,Not Recommended,224460,12356722,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Ironmoger2,>Be me>Buy Game>Regret.jpgDo not buyIs bad game
,Recommended,224460,30402999,Posted: 8 March,all,jenn_geoffroy,"Quite a short game, but really enjoyable and well worth the price. The concept and esthetique are great, the film noir atmosphere works well with the story and mechanics. The puzzles are more about figuring out the routes and how to put spotlights just right, rather than split-second grab-that-pixel-wide-ledge reflexes, which I appreciated."
,Recommended,224460,30431123,Posted: 10 March,all,ExpertPlasma,"Contrast is an enjoyable puzzle platformer that has some unique mechanics, a great storyline but suffers from a few small gameplay issues.The shadow / light mechanics are unique and they work (most of the time) very well, making for some intriguing puzzles. The storyline is ambiguous but definitely interesting.The music and graphics are also fantastic, and better than I thought there'd be. I'd also recommend the soundtrack if you enjoy soundtracks.The game does have a minor annoyances when it comes to gameplay. Occassionally I found the controls a little clunky which made some more technical puzzle jumps hard. There were also a couple of glitches when trying to jump and shift into a wall.Overall those were only minor grievances and I easily lived with them. For its price, it's still great value for money.I recommend it if you want a nice but relatively quick puzzle platformer with some unique mechanics, a great storyline and fantastic music; just don't expect a 100% perfect gameplay experience."
,Recommended,224460,7736263,"Posted: 24 November, 2013",all,Cacau Birdmad,"When I saw Contrast at Steam Greenlight I knew that was a title I was going to play.Those who know me will easily understand why: Contrast has female protagonists, something I'm always looking forward to,  beautiful character and environment design, with an aesthetic close to my heart, an interesting mechanic and was non-violent, which is something I'm beginning to appreciate, even though I love to hack and slash things.So, as soon as it was available for pre-order, I decided to buy it, even if I was not at my best financially. It was worth it.First, the whole game was translated to brazilian portuguese, with the exception of the audio (which would've been really costly). Although I have no problem understanding english, this was a nice touch, specially when most people at my country don't have easy access to english lessons. Second, the game is beautiful, entertaining and interesting. I almost gasped at the final revelation: something I thought to be just an aesthetic choice, in the end, had much more meaning within the story.The puzzles were difficult enough to keep me interested, not hard to the point of making me want to give up nor easy to the point of leaving me bored. I once or twice thought of looking through a walkthrough, 'cause I'm lazy and always craving for more pieces of information surrounding a game's story, but I'd always close the window and decide to solve the puzzle myself. I loved when you activated some sort of ""memory"" and interacted with the shadows.There were glitches and bugs, like getting stuck between shadow-world and ""real-world"", but nothing really troubling.The controls were a bit weird at the beginning, I felt like Dawn walked too fast or something, but I got used to it quickly.  I could complain that the game is short. It is, really, but I honestly think it's worth it. It's an engaging experience and I think it lasts enough.  My only true complaint is that sometimes the cut-scenes would break the pace of the game. You'd walk a bit or solve one short puzzle and have a cut-scene right after it in a way that felt a tiny bit out of place. In the beginning of the game I felt there were too many short cut-scenes happening all the time.Still, it's not something that takes anything out of this wonderful game. This is a game you can show your non-gamer friends and family members too and I think would grab their attention. If you are open to it, you could ask them to help solving some puzzles, to make them engage more with the game.Visuals are lovely, gameplay is nice and the story is interesting.I'd recommend it for sure."
,Recommended,224460,10399013,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Wulf,"Contrast is a game that grows on you and leaves you wanting more.The play style (Shadow shifting) for solving puzzles and progressing forward makes this game really fun.Although alot of elements were done before in various other titles, they were never done this good.The puzzles aren't too hard either so even the most novice players will get through them when stretching some brain muscles.The story slowly sucks you in from start to finish giving you just enough clues to keep you hanging on a threat but never enough to give it's story fully away.There were some clipping and frame rate issues here and there but was minor enough not to take up arms over it.I'd recommend this game to the young and old, hard-core puzzle fanatics or novices.Go on... give it a try... and enjoy.  :3"
,Recommended,224460,10433420,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,Jimbo1023,"A short but very well put together game. The platforming is a little wonky at times, but the interesting story and setting balance everything out into an enjoyable experience."
76561198058447871,Recommended,224460,10454953,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,meme12345bunny,"A very good game with a really good story and two loveable protaganists. The story is really fun and interesting with a cool twist at the end.My only complaint about this game is the platforming, as it's really ahrd to shift between 2D/3D etc. However it's an interesting concept, one that I have never seen before."
76561198008659295,Recommended,224460,7898812,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Kalthris,Very fun Game the ending comes very unexpected and abrupt and is actually really bad. Otherwise this was a very fun game.
,Recommended,224460,10041857,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,Bnet:Spectra360#6493,love the soundtrack <3
,Recommended,224460,10036693,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Guy From The Sky,"This is an old-school platform adventure game with a new-school twist. Gorgeous artwork and fantastic scenery left me in awe. This game made me believe there is a future for gaming, away from all the mindless sequels and Call of Battlefield: Total Warfare 3. Too bad it's a little bit too easy and a little bit short, otherwise it would have easily been my favourite game in the last couple of years.It's THAT good."
,Recommended,224460,8201543,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,MowdownJoe,"A very charming puzzle-platformer with a very impressive motif and soundtrack. The story of the game largely revolves around a broken family trying to piece itself together and is at its best when it focuses on their trials and tribulations. (It takes a weird turn near the end trying to answer questions I never asked about the broken shadow dimension that protagonist Dawn inhabits that just end up raising even more questions, but that treads into spoiler territory.) Manipulating shadows so that Dawn can become a shadow and platform across them proved to be an interesting challenge that had me scratching my head more than a few times, and they were never afraid of introducing new elements (even if some of those elements involved box-switch puzzles seen in many games before). The game is definitely a bit on the short side, however, and the only thing that kept me from clearing it 100% on my first run was a few collectibles and one item that was only available for a short time frame and ended up being lost forever. It's also very story-focused, and relies heavily on cutscenes to tell its tale. Overall, it's definitely flawed (probably rushed a bit to be a PS4 launch title), but it's an enjoyable game that should be tried."
,Recommended,224460,8512836,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,abexomotron,"Very good art puzzle game that focus on illusion and shadow. Although it is kind of too short of a game, the overall storyline is easy to understand because all of the collectibles you collected through out the game that explain why and how, if you read it."
76561197989824256,Recommended,224460,8515228,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,ming,"I really enjoyed this game, they put so much love into it. I'd like to see more games like this! Only downside: it's a little short."
,Recommended,224460,8617132,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Sir Alastor,"★★★☆☆Contrast has a distinct style and charme, but it is plagued by somewhat glitchy controls and bugs that hamper the experience. Beyond this lack of polish you will find a unique experience with interesting characters and a premise not seen very often in modern games."
,Recommended,224460,8608225,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Xystussis,"This game has a unique idea, and a really good story.I love the concept, the characters, and the overall gameplay.My only complaint is that it is unfortunately a very short game.Apart from that, it's got a good bit of puzzle solving, platforming, fun music and conversation.Great little game."
76561198249138150,Recommended,224460,30457990,Posted: 11 March,all,Capwnzor,"Contrast was quite enjoyable for a short platformer game. I got through it in about 2 hours or so and was able to get all of the collectables. I finished with 3 achievements left to get and it took about 10mins after beating the game to get those. I bought it on sale for about $2, so it wasn't a waste. The puzzles aren't too challenging, some will require some thinking while others can be solved with a quick glance. I think I fell into the void more due to missteps rather than actual difficulty, but there were a couple puzzles that got me a little frustrated. The story itself isn't too deep and the characters aren't super interesting, but the visuals are unique and the gameplay is fun. This was a great idea for a game, and I think it was executed well. Would recommend purchasing it during a sale as I don't believe any game with 2 hours of gameplay and no replay value is worth $10."
,Recommended,224460,8534151,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,UncleJazz,"I really like indie games, so when I saw this I thought that the concept was amazing, and it really is, but the fact that it is an indie game is the reason it could do with some work, the soundtrack and style of the game are mesmerizing and the character design has been done well, that's all good. Then there are the aspects that need tweaking, the shadow jumping, platforming and the AI aren't all that good. When attempting to scale or run a wall, the game is too unforgiving, basiclly you get caught on all the little details of a shadow, which may make it seem realistic but no. it gets frustrating. The platforming is also, of course, based around the shadow dimension so you can already guess what I would of said there, another big annoyance is that even though solid objects wouldn't hypothetically affect the dimension of a shadow, in the game, for example, if you try to walk past a pillar on the wall you will generally get thrown out of the shadow world. The last complaint is about the lack of AI for Didi, your young, female companion, whenever travelling from one mission area to another, she will walk exactly where she is programmed to and then stand there for as long as it takes you to get there, making no comments or attempt to follow you around while you search for collectibles (a main feature in the game) or admire the scenery. All together this game is a little expensive for $15, it was a great puzzle experience with an excellent soundtrack and an amazing ending, but for $15 it seems a little expensive. I would give this game an 8/10 and send a request to rename it ""Contrast: Prepare to Die Edition"""
,Recommended,224460,9691303,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,Bread,"For 15 bucks you could be getting a better game, for 5-7.50 this game is totes worth it. It's a game about a deadbeat father trying to get back together with the love of his life while his daughters imaginary friend run around doing the interesting things."
76561198015406044,Recommended,224460,9248642,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Sc0rch,"Although i am not a fan of Indie games this one is really a gem and It definately is worth a shot. The Puzzles were not that challenging but they were amusing to play, the game is well written with a really nice soundrack but in the end it leaves you hungry for more. I hope this game will be just a taste of something bigger in the future."
,Recommended,224460,9225540,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,renznetwork,"I love this game, it has amazing lighting effects, great texture, and it has a great story line. If you could buy this game I highly recommend it :)"
,Recommended,224460,9311665,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Steiner,"This game has a very good puzzle solving mechanic, using shadows as a way of over coming obstacles is imaginative. The lack of game play is a down side as it only took me 3 hours to complete the story and the achievements. A few collision glitches here and there but otherwise a decent game. If you are looking to buy it I would wait till it goes on sale. Almost forgot about the references, good job on those!"
,Recommended,224460,9316526,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Ghost Trick: Phantom Detective,Very fun game with a good plot. A little too short; but it's compeltely worth buying.
76561198038612487,Recommended,224460,9267512,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,otakukae,"Contrast, to put into a single word, is marvelous. Its graphics are well detailed, and the way that light is used in this game is borderline genius. The voicework is well done for all characters. The music is excellent, being very rythmic and jazzy. And the story is quite interesting. The collection of collectable that you can obtain is both expansive and impactful for the length of the game. The Bioshock-esque way of using collectables to explain plot points was well done. It was always interesting to read an article about a missing person, or seeing a picture of the ""scientific"" explainations of the shadow world. The light puzzles that are used are especially interesting because the game mechanic of switching between two worlds is wonderfully unique and fun. All of these factors really combine to create an incredible atmosphere.However no game is without its imperfections. Though I do, in fact, recommend this game to anyone who wants a interesting experience, I must also explain the game's faults. Contrast has 2 major flaws which both fall into the gameplay category. The main problem is that Dawn, the main character, is incredibly floaty. She's a tad hard to control because her jump arc seems a tad unnatural. The second would probably be the camera. See the having the camera be controlled by the mouse is fine in third person, but when you enter the shadow world the camera tends to be kinda random, causing you to have to adjust your mouse in odd ways.The small gameplay flaws that Contrast has pales in comparison to the experience of playing it though. Playing through the game is honestly just a marvelous experience, because of it's brilliant atmosphere, as well as its unique concept."
76561198063112917,Recommended,224460,9074875,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,linnoff,"This is probably one of the best puzzle games I've played. If you have any liking for French jazz culture, this is the game for you. It is all about using light in creative ways to solve puzzles, most of which are platforming.My favorite pieces are the music which was put together with care. The vocalist they hired to sing a couple songs has the perfect voice for this type of jazz. All of the voice acting is quite solid. The other piece that drew me in was the use of shadows to represent characters rather than physical beings. I think that is explained through collectibles, but I haven't spent much time with it. Contrast also manages to portray a sense of innocence surrounding Didi while giving some very adult conflicts when she's not around.The only real issue I had was with either the controls or the design, I'm not sure. Sometimes when something seemed easy to accomplish, like a jump, you'd be force off the wall for some reason and have to start over. Basically I think some of the shadows in the environment were unintentional and created surprise blocks for you to avoid. It could also just be I'm not very practiced at platformers. The puzzles seem well designed and not too challenging to figure out. After figuring out what needs to be done, you may still need to take a few tries at it before succeeding, but it isn't usually too frustrating.It is quite a short game if you figure out the puzzles quickly, it took me maybe 6 hours. So I probably wouldn't buy it for full price just because of the length, but I would definitely buy it on sale. Also, the soundtrack is a great jazz compilation.One last note: at I believe the end of the first act, there are two endings depending on if you just stand and watch, or actively do something (I don't want to give spoilers) If you don't do anything, you'll fail the level and be put back to the beginning of the dialogue, so I recommend just listening first, then actually doing what you're supposed to."
,Recommended,224460,9076008,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Wyrgula,"Is a memorable experience, the soundtracks are just great and the puzzels are  enjoyable,  the environment is beautiful, I think is one of those games that you don't expect to much but come to surprise you and is just awesome, is a pleasurable experience. Totally worth it!"
,Recommended,224460,9076994,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Jenna,"Despite the short gameplay, the story and puzzles are amazing. The art and music is perfect too."
76561198060727158,Recommended,224460,9077090,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,elthandiel,"Really good puzzle-platformer with an intriguing, dark, but ultimately heart warming story about a family in shambles, and a daughter that will do anything she can to bring them back together.  Plays really smoothly, and the puzzles, while not challenging until maybe the last few of the game, are very logical and well thought out."
,Recommended,224460,9077691,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,ClockwickWasTaken,This game is a fantastic game that reminds me a bit of Portal. It's a shame the game was short.
76561198026257051,Recommended,224460,7714042,"Posted: 21 November, 2013",all,I'm a Lumberjack...,"Just played a bit, and all I can say is that I'm hooked. The gameplay concept is fun but it's the atmosphere and the storytelling that I'm in love with. Also, the soundtrack is fantastic.GIVZ THEM UR MAAAAAAAAAANIES"
76561198025672036,Recommended,224460,10058161,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,Wrekit,"This game was quite odd. As a game its nothing special; it would even be fair to say its gameplay is just bad. I often felt as though I tricked trough some levels by takng advantage of the hit-and-miss gameplay like making jumps that would avoid the puzzles. The stories execution is equally questionable, with a protagonist who serves to guide you through the game without any real finesse. And by that I don't mean your character; you seem to serve more as a tool for her tasks but that is the point.TO THE GOOD!This game had a very specific feel about it which I felt made it worth playing. The art style and music marry so well together that I forgave the shaky gameplay (at least for the most part). Depite its dodgy execution, I got what it was trying to show and it made for an enjoyable experience. The story wasn't as linear as what I've come to expect; whether thats a good or bad thing, im not entirely sure. Its fair to say Didi (the young girl) was a bit 'pushy' in trying to force you into the story, but I didnt really mind as my character is there to help her and the interactions of the character felt right for the situation.Theres plenty to find out beyond the game through exploration. I actually think these bits were what made the game as it added another level of story beyond Didi's life to something more personal for the character Dawn (who never speaks IIRC), also - great name without being something cheesy. I would throughly recommend you endevour to find the 20(I think?) hidden media snippets! It reminded me of Bioshock in that the information you find explains the situation youre in; but in a modest way.This game however is by no means difficult! I did the entire story in a single 2 hour sitting and found everything in that time. This wasn't even deliberately to finish it, I just felt like the game never lost traction and felt so, almost, calm to play that I kept casually playing. This isnt to say the story was good; it was weak with the hidden snippets making it interesting but it was solid enough in terms of character and situation.Overall, as someone who does try to game as much as possible, I can't honestly say its a great game. But for me, it was incredibly playable and I will revisit it again gladly. It was like listening to music, I did indeed just easily loose track of time and do it. I found it quite charming if I'm being honest.I played it with a controller if that means anything? You wont need the precision or focus of a kb+m but thats just my preference for this game. I would also say if youre on the fence about it, its probably best you wait till a sale comes around. I don't think I paid full price and despite enjoying it, don't know if its worth it. Definately feels like it should be £6.99 or similarly priced. Wouldn't be upset if I did pay retail though."
,Recommended,224460,9797342,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,╚PhÄzer╖,"Short, Simple, and Beautiful. Light and shadow gameplay is on point, story plot is unique, puzzle's where not that difficult but they were fun to figure out, characters are memorable, soundtracks fit perfectly with the environment of the game and main sound track is amazing both instumentaly and lyrically, artwork and overall game is great, just buy it if you're contemplating on it, hopefully there will be a sequel :)"
,Recommended,224460,8464727,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,MMMrph,"A competent platformer with an interesting, 1940's jazzy theme.The gameplay is a 3D puzzle platformer where you can move to the 2D world if there are shadows cast on the wall.It also has Adam Jensen in it."
76561197993429578,Recommended,224460,8466444,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,FrostFox,"An interesting game, best described as a mixture between American McGee's Alice and Limbo in terms of gameplay and somewhat in art direction. I wish it was longer, having finished it in merely 3 hours. I might play it again in the future but the puzzles were very simple though interesting. Great music, great scenery, good story, great graphics.Worth what I paid during the steam sale."
76561197985327426,Recommended,224460,8546480,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Caladan,"Very interesting story telling. The music is amazing. The shadow mechanic is fun, although the controls can make some of the puzzles difficult. Probably best played with a controler tather than a mouse and keyboard."
76561198052369471,Recommended,224460,8546855,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Seyfert,"I cannot recommend this game enough. Of all I've played for the past year, this one easily tops as my favorite. The visuals are beautiful, the music beautiful, and the ending was wonderful. While you can compare the 2D/3D puzzle to something similar to Legend of Zelda: Link Between Worlds, I'd easily argue that this is far more innovative. Even more interesting are the little surprises for the obsessive compulsive AND for the lazy. Defintely, defintely worth the money. I can only hope for a sequel."
,Recommended,224460,8507469,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Kraken,Short but very good puzzle platformer with an amazing art style and a nice story.I had to redo a section because of a bug but nothing gamebreaking and the devs are fixing it.I hope there will be an expansion or a sequel.
,Recommended,224460,9665722,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Fallen Icarus,"Good game. The music is FANTASTIC. It fits the game like a glove, and the vocals are amazing. The whole concept of the game (the ability to morph into and out of shadows) is genius. The graphics are good, but the system requirements for max graphics are very high, so I had to play on less than max. The story is good but not fleshed out very much as there isn't much time to do so. I recommend it to anyone who enjoys fairly simple puzzles, but mostly enjoy story and just having a good time."
,Recommended,224460,9468237,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,FluffyPavillion,This game a a puzzle platformer. And it is a very good one. The sound track is very solid and the lighting and shadow engine is very good. The story is also very grabbing that takes time to get into.
,Recommended,224460,8631344,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,LOOK WHAT YOU MADE ME DOOOOO,"You ever play Lost in Shadow on Wii? Well, this is basically like that, but better in every way conceivably possible, especially when it comes to setting, theme, art direction, storytelling and base game mechanics. Yes, the shadow shiftingcanbe a little buggy at times, but never in such a way does it detract from everything else Contrast does right."
76561198103446467,Recommended,224460,8639513,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Nurse Chan,"Wow! This is a wonderful little game. The music, the visuals, the story... they're absolutely fantastic. Dawn, your character, is an acrobat with this awesome ability to 'shift' into the shadows, helping you and your little friend, Didi, to traverse the world and help out Didi's pretty complicated family. When you're in the shadows, it's very Limbo-esque, though not quite as rage-inducing. When in the normal world, it's got a great♥♥♥♥♥♥Tracy feel to it, with sleazy gangsters and classy dames everywhere.My only issue with it is the length. 3.8 hours later and I'd completed the story, collected everything, and 100%ed the achievements. However, I can forgive it for this, as the story was great, and the puzzles were fun to solve, particularly as you have to think in both normal and shadow terms."
,Recommended,224460,8640556,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Darkwave💕,"Short, but awesome. This game is like an exhibition in fantastic level design, beautiful aesthetics, and unique sound tracks. If Portal was the beginning of a ""the world is the puzzle"" genre then this game is its adulthood."
76561198044568555,Recommended,224460,8655339,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Simlish,"I want to get out of the way first that there are some bugs in the game that are still being ironed out. The last level with the lighthouse has some game-breaking bugs that resulted in my having to play through the level twice. That said, I love Contrast to bits. The game is absolutely beautiful, and despite some moments of frustration I had so much fun playing. I fell in love with Didi and her family, as well as the brilliant though prickly magician. The world is a delight to explore with collectibles to reward your curiosity, and if you're a fan of the aesthetic then you should definitely pick up the Collector's Edition. For only five dollars more, less if it's on sale, the soundtrack alone is worth it. Contrast is a short game, but it's also a wonderful game. I do not regret my purchase one bit. Go play it."
,Recommended,224460,9416069,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Madam_Muffins,"A beautifully intricate game that brings puzzles and plot together. Loved the gameplay, loved the visuals and the music, as well as the easy to get achievments."
,Recommended,224460,8625431,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,MatrixGamer,Really enjoy playing this game. I like the dark noir feeling you get in paris when times were classy  and the style of the game is superb >.> reminiscent of Bioshock infinite . It's not a long game but it is intriguing enough to sit down and play at you're own leisure and burn a few hrs into it . I recommend it and if you can get it on sale ever better :D
,Recommended,224460,8688070,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Suizo,"Short but Sweet. Chancing between shadow world and real world, with brilliat light tricks. I was sold of the idea of the game.When I started playing it, I just fell in love with it. Quality of Graphix is unique and beautiful. Music was wonderful. Challengeswere outstanding. This game just amaze me so often and it was totally worth the sale price I got it for. Too bad it ended short.But atleast it never got boring! They knew perfectly when to end the game and the storyline was just great.Like every game, contrast also has its flaws. Those are the glitches everywhere and sometimes it is really clumsy.But for me it didn't matter that much because it wasn't challenging platformer, more like mind game. It made me thought :)And to be honest sometimes the glitches were more funny than annoying, but well there were some... What made a secondof annoyance. But overall I will recommend this game for everyone who loves beautifull mind games with great adventure with touch of platformer. ~ BTW YOU WILL WANT TO SHOOT THAT KIDDO WITH THE CANNON ;A; (You are like her slave, and she takes all the fame!) ~"
,Recommended,224460,8699131,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Vinceras,"Although it is short, it is a fantastic game with an intriguing story, interesting gameplay mechanics and wonderful music. Nice pickup for the price!  8/10."
76561198022662838,Recommended,224460,8702174,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,ABedardo,"Cool 1920's vibe and interesting 2D & 3D platforming. Interesting enough storyline, but only 4-5 hrs of gameplay. Which for the price.... You've gotta really like it. Worth if you catch it on sale--or even not."
,Recommended,224460,7682438,"Posted: 17 November, 2013",all,Chrisdragn,Simply Brilliant. Will blow your mind.
,Recommended,224460,8428736,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Krimber,"Main reason I bought this game was because the gameplay looks similar to Lost in Shadow for Wii. Playing in shadows is so mysterious and entertaining. As I played the game I was amazed by its concept and art(Dawn is so trendy). I'd always ask 'why everyone are shadows? why the city is like that?' and getting to the end all these answers start to show up and there comes the plot twist, what made Contrast one of my favorite games. I'm really impressed with the story. The gameplay is okay, jumping around and solving puzzles has its fun and boring parts but still enjoyable. However, the game looks a bit unfinished. I got stuck 4 times and I lost the box I was using but it wouldn't respawn more so I had to reset the whole chapter. Can't wait to play it again!"
76561198018316314,Recommended,224460,8429364,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Conrado,Awesome game! highly recommend!Jogo maneiríssimo e super original!
,Recommended,224460,8431350,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Gwynnbleidd @129,"Pros:- Awesome soundtrack- Interesing shadow-world gameplay- Great voice actingCons:- Quite a lot of glitches.. (although they kind of make the game more interesting /bc they make reaching some places in the world possible earlier on than anticipated)- The game tells you what to do at every turn, I'd have loved to think more regarding the puzzles"
,Recommended,224460,8431428,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Pirateguybrush,"Cute little puzzle-platformer, with pretty decent acting and some nice puzzles.  I finished it off in just under 3 hours with all but one collectable though, so I'd advise holding off for a sale at $5 or less."
76561198039153572,Recommended,224460,8471545,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Q-Master-D,"This was an entertaining four hour game. The puzzles were not frustrating. Just a matter of tweaking the shadows or timing jumps. Didn't notice any glithing as some said, at least not in shadow mode, unles they are talking about the pilaster kicking you out of shadow mode, but that seemed intentional. The only glitches I came across were at the beginning where Didi was acting weird. She was sliding across the alley outside her bedroom. I have only played through it once, but I have not seen that in the Let's Plays I have seen.This game is set in one of my favourite time periods. I just want to go take a walk in an urban setting at night after some rain in the 1920s. It's just my thing. The music is wonderful. If that doesn't set the tone, the surreal outer limits of void and exploded elements set another tone, the more sci-fi part of the game.Through the collectables, Dawn's character is explained as to where she came from and why she is hanging around Didi. Overall, I enjoyed the storey around Didi and the members of here family, and the voice acting suited each member really well."
,Recommended,224460,8472618,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,DetailedPanda,"Contrast is a very fun and beautiful game. The story is great but the world isn't as good. The world only consists of shadows and you and Didi so there's not much to see. It is fun finishing puzzels and the game first try took me about 6 hours to finish. This is an ok amount of gameplay but for speed runners you could easily finish the game in an hour, Although you could go back and collect achievements, luminaries, and collectible images. Overall this game is very good and I would recommend this game. I rate this game a 9/10."
,Recommended,224460,8475319,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Gerald,"Simplicity at its best, its a must-play for everyone"
76561197973039663,Recommended,224460,8449047,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Megawar,"I bought this for $8.00 , it was a quite enjoyable game. That said, I wish it had been a longer story."
76561197974105367,Recommended,224460,8452735,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,METAL,a nice little game with a nice mix of 2D platforming and 3rd person perspective. the story is touching and mature how a little girl tries to get her family back together by solving shadow puzzles.there are some frustrating moments that switching back to a shadow does not always work but it dint ruin the experience. not really worth full price since it is a short game but a game that should be played if you like a little mix of 2D and 3D or a break from shooting stuff down.
,Recommended,224460,8439818,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,StubenZocker,"It has been mentioned a few times, that the game is rather short, but I really enjoyed it! The whole idea of switching into the shadows is wonderful - and therefor deservers a sequel (DLC or Contrast 2) :)And although I ""spent"" very little time with Didi, I have to admit that I really enjoyed helping her to fix things =)It's definitely worth buying - you get wonderful music, beautiful animations (I'd even say art-like) and a (to me) new concept of gameplay :)Loved it! - will probably play it a second time somewhen in the future"
,Recommended,224460,8440997,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,CaptainBlacksox,"Love the mechanics in this game, but I thought the story was too short."
76561198089055942,Recommended,224460,8444668,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,lucid,"Contrast was such an amazing game, it was so cool and I loved the gameplay of when you can shift into shadows, twas the best."
,Recommended,224460,9213433,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,The Trashman,The main character is basically an anorexic shadow.
,Recommended,224460,9326614,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Masem,"Contrast is one of those games that has a good premise - the idea of use light and shadows to create a separate bit of 2D puzzle gameplay from the normal 3D world, but the implementation from a story and setting as well as design is a bit disconnected.  The technical approach is good in how you can shift in an our of shadows, but the problem is that the areas you can do this in are very limited and separated from each other, making each puzzle its own microcosm.   The puzzles that use this aren't that difficult as well, with the most difficult ones being where you can either move objects to change shadows or the location of the light source. Again, with the puzzles being separate entities, these are one-stop problems as opposed to part of a larger difficult mechanism to figure out.The story is interesting but it's hard to get into and leaves some questions on getting into the characters. Whether this is a fantasy, a dream, or something else isn't clear, and whether it is a flashback or the like.  As such, the game quickly devolves into just moving from puzzle to puzzle with story getting in the way.It is still a decent game, but it's one I'd wait for a sale for, getting about 3 hrs of playtime from it."
76561197968311807,Recommended,224460,9351675,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,C. Lukas,Very specialworth to playI like the idea of the game
76561198044141638,Recommended,224460,9142204,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Sin_Sloth,"great game concept, and a touching stroy of a girl straggling to keep her father in her life."
,Recommended,224460,9142118,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Mike,"Contrast offers a seamless and imaginative blend of 2D and 3D platforming, backed by stylish visuals, a jazzy soundtrack, and a heartwarming story. It's short, but oh so sweet."
,Recommended,224460,9143669,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,j_mag94,"Contrast is a unique little game. While the storyline is considerably brief, the puzzles can be intriguing, especially when the mechanic of switching in/out of the shadows becomes a touch glitchy. I will admit, it's not a jawdropping experience. There are technical aspects that need tweaking, such as a puzzle I was basically able to skip without noticing on the first try, but the effort is heartfelt and a bizarrely cute experience.That being said, I would not pay the list price for this game. I bought it when it was 40% off (around $8), and that was good enough for me. I would be onboard, however, if the studio were ever to invest in a larger scale version of the game, with some of the mechanics polished up."
,Recommended,224460,9145441,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Karzon,"Short, well done puzzle game."
76561198016411297,Recommended,224460,9146271,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Ser-volk,"Not to long, but interesting and spectacular. The game of lights and shadows. One become crazy with shifting from two dimensions. I recommend this short novel"
,Recommended,224460,9379739,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,SQUENIX BASED REMAKE,"Really good story, mildly challenging puzzle but a little short. Worth the price if you want a story and some platforming/puzzles."
,Recommended,224460,9251529,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,thejamman,wow just wow this game is just grate the storry is grate the game play is grate there is verry few thing i could pick on its a bit short but i think any longer and it would have runind the feel pluse it fells verry replayabel a must buy for any platforming fan90/100
,Recommended,224460,9062377,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Severus,"One of the best games I've played in years. A simple yet challenging take on dimension switching that will test your timing and problem solving. Excellent music, voice acting, and visuals add class to an already classy atmosphere.Highly recommended for a few hours of great fun and quite frankly a great experience."
,Recommended,224460,9220082,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Downpourofrain,"It's rare that I feel the need to write one of these but this game is quite unique. While it is short, it's a great story and has some awesome gameplay! Worth every penny and I highly recommend this game, especially if you love puzzles!"
76561198100375413,Recommended,224460,9208379,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Crixus,really good game need to think butyou need time for it
,Recommended,224460,9196698,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,WickedJuti,"Fantastic game. Beautiful graphics and music, very atmospheric. Absolutely time worthy, unique game. Love it!"
76561198121756448,Recommended,224460,9199791,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Killerfonzy,"The trailer does not do this game justice. My initial reason for purchasing this game was mostly for the jazz album I would get as part of the collectors edition ;) But as soon as I started playing it, I was hooked. I really like what they did with the game; the graphics are amazing (for anyone who appreciates abstract, almost creepy, beauty); the characters were very well created, the puzzles are challenging, and overall a good game. However, I feel like the story line lacks a little bit. Gameplay is roughly 5.5 hours (even going through slowly and doing all the ""extra"" stuff), and consists of a girl basically reuniting her parents. There is so much potential the producers could have done with this game, and that's my only complaint. I really wish they would have done more with it because this game was so great! Even though the size of the map doesn't compare to that of Rust (for those of you who are familiar with that), it was so beautifully and artistically created. Very glad I invested in this game and I would definitely play it again to get the collectables I didn't find ;) Plus, if you purchase the collectors edition, you will get a bunch of artwork including details of the making of the characters and other such things, as well as 15 jazz songs that you can save right to your iTunes library :)"
,Recommended,224460,8341207,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,teella,"Love the mix of 3D and 2D (Shadow World). Graphics are just stunning and the story telling is beautifully done using shadows. You play the imaginary friend to a little girl, who is always sneaking out. You can phase between the 3D world and the shadow world. Use lights and move objects to manipulate the shadows, then use them to get around. And the music is perfect!"
,Recommended,224460,18432410,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,J. Govilov,"A great little game. And the little part only comes because it's pretty short. That shouldn't make you look away though. The idea behind it is pretty original and refreshing. Going in and out of shadows definately sounds cool!The story is interesting yet a bit rushed. It felt like the creators ran out of ideas or twists to make it a bit more lengthy and try to flesh more out of the characters' pasts and personalities. And boy did they neglect Dawn's part concerning that! The collectibles offer a bit of information on some stuff but still it felt lacking. Apart from that (and a bit clunky camera) the game is beautiful. The 1920s atmosphere is given pretty nicely and the visuals seem like taken out of a painting. Plus it also gives off a feeling that you are actually in a dreamworld. The music draws you in before you even press start with that song in the title screen and it continues to accompany you pretty well throughout most of the game. The controls were ok. The puzzles were simple and fun, except a couple of times where you might not do it the correct way thus leading you in a dead end (hint: pirate ship) and you are forced to reload the last save. Thankfully the game autosaves frequently so you won't have to go back a lot, usually just before you start the puzzle event.Although i doubt it, i hope we get to see a sequel sometime in the future, but that's just me. The ending could be seen as both conclusive and open at the same time. Depends on each person and how they interpret it. All in all a great experience. If it's on sale grab it asap.7.5/10"
,Recommended,224460,18869705,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,ArtCherry,"Amazing scenery and music and great concept. Love that the game has an overall sepia-tone to it with little details here and there. The story was good and interesting, but they could have pushed the idea and plot a bit further. The game itself is really short. The only thing that drags out the game time is solving some puzzles which requires specific game mechanics... But the puzzles are interesting and fun. Got the game when it was on sale, and would recommend if it was on sale again."
,Recommended,224460,18866931,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Sparky,"Contrast is probably the best game I have ever played in the years of gaming in my life. The story is amazing, the art style is beautiful, and the gameplay is different than other story games. It is such a great game to sit down and play when you want to relax and enjoy a nice story. The mechanics are unique and work very well. Now, even though I absolutely love everything about this game, I have to say that the sound track is my favorite part. It is the BEST soundtrack for any game I have ever played, and even out of all the games that I have watched videos for. I do wish that the soundtrack was available as a seperate DLC download, I don't like that you must buy the collector's edition just to download it. I would have gladly purchased the collector's edition if I knew how much I adore the game, but I can't refund the game now, and I don't want to waste the $15.99 just for the soundtrack. If possible PLEASE consider adding the soundtrack as a seperate DLC so people who have not purchased the collector's edition can enjoy the music."
,Recommended,224460,18863758,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,truegerich,"Contrast is a game I could really enjoy from start to end. I found the combination of 3D and 2D movement brilliant and very easy to control. The soundtrack fits perfectly and lends a nice background to the story which unfolds entirely in the shadows.While this is a rather easy game I was never bored - on the contrary, I could simply enjoy it.If I had to say one ""bad"" thing then it would be the length of the game. I could have continued forever..."
76561197998935418,Recommended,224460,18966492,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Krazzed,"Contrast has fantastic art, atmosphere, story, and puzzles. The story is on the shorter side; most players will beat it in less than 5 hours. The main drawback of this game is the lackluster camera controls, which combined with some of the puzzles is really frustrating. The game designers did a great job with smartly placed checkpoints that threw you back into action almost immediately. It's almost like they knew where most players will wipe. Prepare to die ALOT in this game. I would only recommend buying this on sale. 75/100."
,Recommended,224460,18845258,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,ath_cat,A very cool game with a great concept. It has a very 1920's art deco style to it. I only wish it was longer!It can get a little touchy with the controls sometimes but I still would recomend this game to anyone.
76561198029027125,Not Recommended,224460,18986110,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,ByteMe,"This game is gorgeous and intriguing with a really interesting and different mechanic. But, it is boring. I'm only up to chapter three, and the story is drawing me in, but the actually game play falls short. All I am doing is figuring out repetitive shadow puzzles and following around a potentially crazy little girl.If you do really enjoy puzzle games, give this a shot, but I really wouldn't spend the money on it honestly. It's not worth it unless you are super committed to the gameplay."
76561198025205825,Recommended,224460,18464137,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Duke0173,Short but worth the play
,Not Recommended,224460,18495408,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,FallenBeyond,"This game had potential, espicailly with the ideas presented in the items you find in the lighthouse, but it didn't take that chance to be better. It was a nice game but all too short for my taste. I could have seen something greater come of the idea of being able to switch back and forth from the shadow realm to ""reality"" I guess, but the game didn't take that chance, so the story was very very shallow when it could have become something deeper and better.Switching between 2D and 3D gameplay was very cool, I liked that concept of it, but overall the game could have been better with a better story potential and longer gameplay.So if you want to play it, I would get it onsale; otherwise it's not worth the money."
,Recommended,224460,18358781,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,ryozaki,"If Tim Burton made a interactive movie with Noir flavor, this would be it.It's short, not very hard but very nice atmosphere with that Burton feel to it. Fun plays with shadows and lighting that create a fun idea of gameplay I hadn't seen elsewhere. The whole game wouldn't take more then a few hours unless you get stuck on a puzzle."
76561198039656065,Recommended,224460,18365656,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,KushCannon,"Great short game!*Very pretty graphics*Great music*Really good/short story that give you the feels*Super cool idea behind the puzzles, not too hard and not too easy*Nothing bad to say about this game"
76561198128632325,Recommended,224460,18391528,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,RookMcCloud,"Great game with plenty of emotional depth to it. Not quite saving the world, but the satisfaction of saving a little girl's family and learning your own past at the same time through collectibles is definitely a good storyline.Pros:-Controls are easy to use-Good use of 2D/3D environments to build challenging puzzles-Mesmerising worldCons:-The extremely accurate level of timing needed to pass certain puzzles. (Had to put something here... Couldn't just leave it blank)"
,Recommended,224460,18436099,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,TheRyanBurke,Fantastic game! Fun puzzle-platforming elements amidst a creative backdrop of jazz and child-like imagination.
76561198158938940,Recommended,224460,18362460,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Ltm1900,"This game is so amzing.The shadow puzzles are quite interesting and through out the game, the design is unique and changes in a variety ways thus made every level feels different and fun to play. The plot is rich too, main story about how an unsuccessful father trying his best to regain his family, while Didi and her shadow friend trying everything to support him- with more small stores coming including the puppet show, which tells a story about princess saves a prince lol.Very interesting, renowned design and intriguing storyline. The finale is quite fast through but I like it. Hope there would be a sequel of this game and if so I'll absolutely try.10/10. Great job!!!"
76561198204434281,Recommended,224460,18325865,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,RocketPenguin,Loved the story line and gameplay. Love the opening song. Game was a little short though.
,Recommended,224460,18322984,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Bobbytchak,"Short puzzle platformer with a fine ambiance and interesting mechanics.You need to use elements of your surroundings in 3D and in shadow form to progress through the game, set in an older looking French city, and help little girl Didi to get her family back together.It is a bit clunky at times. The camera isn't very smart and while using a controller it can be bothersome. I also managed to take an unexpected shortcut and solved a puzzle in an unintended way. Plus, you tend to jump out of the shadow world for seemingly no reason but it isn't too bad of a problem since the game saves your progession pretty often. In short it feels like the developpers lacked funds to make it flawless.As I said it is a short game. Steam hasn't taken into account my first play session which was about 2 hours long so add it to the amount displayed on my review. I recommend the game to anyone feeling interested but would advise to wait for a discount as there is not enough to make it worth the initial price of 15€."
76561198075042684,Recommended,224460,18335398,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,PistenBully,Dafuq was ending all about?
76561198025353746,Recommended,224460,18298804,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Mothman92,A short game without a doubt however one of the most enjoyable games I have ever played. A rich storyline interspersed with intruiging puzzles makes for a very fun experience.
76561198188469431,Recommended,224460,18319655,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,VoilentAura,"I really, really enjoyed this game. The atmosphere and the game play is very smooth, pretty, and overall exciting. I recommend this to a lot of those who want a nice atmospheric game because this is it!"
,Recommended,224460,18650437,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,[L0F0] Potator,"Contrat is a beautiful game with an amazing sound track. The puzzel can be very complex and hard at times, but don't let that discourage from helping Dede. The game is not very big and like I said before can be a challenge, but the story line is very interesting and has an incredibley interesting meaning. I would rate this game in my top 3 for most indepth puzzle stories. I recommend this game for its incredible loveliness and charm, difficult puzzels, and indepth story."
,Recommended,224460,9069085,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Thodi,Pretty nice story with jump'n'run elements and intense atmosphere combined with fitting graphics.
,Recommended,224460,9070357,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,nanuklein,"Nice CG. Nice storyline. But sometimes the game playing was really hard, since the manipulation with the character seemed at times sloppy."
,Recommended,224460,7674252,"Posted: 16 November, 2013",all,Luci the Squatting Slavette,"Solving puzzles with the help of shadows. Very interesting idea and beautiful surroundings. Unfortunately it´s very short, but I still dare say that it´s worth the money.:)"
,Recommended,224460,9110866,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Naraujo,"Yes, i recommend it, but just not at full price. In a 50% off sale, you can consider.Contrast is a game that has catched my attention because of its innovative game mechanics, those mechanics are really cool and area a good refreshment. You can classify its gameplay as a platformermer/puzzle game, thoug its puzzle are not hard (unless it bugs). The game charachters are really nice, especially Dawn, but they could be a bit deeper. I think the innovative mechanics could be more explored, and the charachters could gain more depht. The game is really short (it took me 6 hours to beat it and i'm usually slow) and buggy. There are bugs everywhere, some parts of the game are not hard, but you can't complete them because something bugs and makes it more difficult than it should be (stuck on a wall, gone through it, etc). Other complaint is the camera wich could be better placed, because sometimes it makes difficult for you to jump.Though I said a lot of negative points, i recommend Contrast for its inovative mechanics and its nice story.6.8/10"
,Recommended,224460,9112273,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Alex_kTV,A very good puzzele game! with fun gameplay!
,Recommended,224460,9124080,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Amon Ra,"Nice game with interesting way of playing... Too bad that it's too short to finish!I would recommend to buy it, but not on full price! Wait fot some discount on Steam!"
76561198065644695,Recommended,224460,9124464,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Balog,"Excellent game, although very short, especially if you aren't going to take the effort to collect all the items.  The mechanic is great and has a portal type feel but the mechanics are introduced poorly at times and caused some confusion around the puzzles.  I pulled a walkthrough twice to save me some frustration.  The real downside is that by the time you feel adjusted to how the mechanics work the game's already over.  Still the character and style are fantastic but it suffers from a pretty weak plot, being short and a poor learning curve.Would recommend more highly if the plot was more about the main character and her relationship with the girl and if the game was just longer."
76561198027737418,Recommended,224460,9125592,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,MechaBanana,"This game was an absolute pleasure to play! The wonderful setting and art really make this game unique and a pleasure to play. The music in the game almost outshines the game itself with the wonderful Jazz. Contrast has an amazing balance between gameplay, soundtrack, and story if or when Compulsion Games makes a sequel to Contrast I will definitly buy it."
,Recommended,224460,9127706,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Ciller,literally adds anather dimension to gaming
,Recommended,224460,9116095,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Indimeco,"Contrast is an expressive puzzle-narrative in film noir style. The game is about four hours long and employs some innovative mechanics (such as stretching, narrowing, etc the same shadows to reach multiple places. The programming isn't polished, but it's definitely playable. I only glitched out twice. My biggest critique is the general lack of ambient noise/music. A bit more jazz here or there, or some overheard side conversations would have added a bit to the lonely world.The closing words of bioshock infinite go along well with this game. I would recommend buying it solely for the artistic feel and the decent story progression."
76561198009034690,Recommended,224460,9096756,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,P51mus,"Really nice visuals, interesting story and a neat gameplay concept.Unfortunately the way the character can be forced out of the shadow in the shadow platforming parts feels a bit buggy, so reccommended with a bit of caution.  Need to be able to tolerate the bugginess."
,Recommended,224460,9097480,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Wyatt Mercer,"Contrast is a beautifully designed game with a rather short storyline. As a twist you play as the 'imaginary' friend of the main character, Didi. The game has minor bugs but nothing game breaking and a plot that can be explained by obtaining all collectables (which are not too difficult to find). Gameplay is fun, but the puzzles come in varying difficulties. But otherwise a great game to pass the time, Have fun."
76561198014294166,Recommended,224460,9099470,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Leviathan's Wrath,"Sweet albeit short, I won't say that it's worth the price tag, best to wait for the next  seasonal Steam sale. It's good enough game if you want to clear yourself of all the mainstream stuff. I love the 20s film noir and caberet style and I also love the shadow-shifting concept. Though the puzzles are a bit too easy to solve, and it more of a rinse and repeat. The story can suck you in but the disappointing aspect are the collectibles that serves to fill in the gaps of the story. I could have been a lot more."
,Recommended,224460,8871289,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,JudgeB,"Contrast is a game with problems, but that doesn't mean it isn't a great game. It is a game full of character and atmosphere with plenty of fun and extremely creative puzzle-solving missions. The ending is somewhat abrupt at 2 or 3 hours in, and leaves some questions unanswered and open to interpretation, but it is still satisfying while leaving room open for future instalments.In short, it could have been polished a bit better, but there's a great gem here full of life and color (despite presenting a world of colorless shadows), and at $15 it's worth every penny."
,Recommended,224460,8762531,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Anomalous Qualia,Don't spend more than $3 on this game. I beat this game in 3 hours and it's more of a platformer than a puzzle.
,Recommended,224460,8766244,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,dwr3ck3d,"Pretty good game with a decent story. The best part is the mechanics of dropping in and out of shadows. While it is a relatively short game (about 4 hours), it is still worth a try. Get it while it's on sale though."
,Recommended,224460,8863859,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,CookieCrisp,A completely unique game and totall worth playing. Few Indie games play as well as Contrast and none have the creativity of it. Even at 15 bucks it's a great game if only for the unique mechanics.
76561198074374617,Recommended,224460,11055202,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Sasha,"Спс, гейм не-че-са. Аранжировка, сюжет про ребенка с ее фантазиями, плайграунд под кабаре-красиво; но мало."
,Recommended,224460,16685269,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Myth,"Contrast is a good game. Yes it is short but the story is nice. Easy achievements. Nice level design.I bought it when it went on sale for about three dollars. I say that this game is not worth the fifteen dollars its going for, or the twenty for collector's edition, but I strongly suggest buying it on sale."
76561198021838370,Recommended,224460,16688194,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Boomer Blackhand,"This game is short but sweet. The story really makes the game, but the shadow mechanic was cool, too. I really wish they had done more with it, both story and shadows. Buy this one on sale, but definately buy it."
76561197997139948,Not Recommended,224460,16690646,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Muffina =HKC=,"How and where to begin this review? Like most story driven games, I shall begin with the plot and the setting. Both of these strive very well indeed; however, due to the game's short length (roughly four hours for me), the story unravels greatly towards the end. You can see where Compulsion Games were wanting to go with it, but unforunately the developers were told to wrap it up, and it shows in Act III.It was disappointing because the noir setting was surperb, and the story soars in Acts I and II. The music and voice acting are top notch. I also loved the idea of Dawn being an imaginary friend and the concept of traveling from the real world to the shadow world.However, the controls in this game is what did it for me. The game is a platformer, which I admit that I am okay at them. Dawn would not stop getting stuck on little things or would pop out the shadow world even when there weren't any conflicting shadows nearby. There were also numerous times in which you should be able to jump onto a simple ledge in the 3D world that was only waist high; however, Dawn would refuse to jump onto it. And due to the game's short length the puzzles weren't that hard to solve. The mouse is what controls your camera angle, and it felt like you had to barely move it or else everything goes haywire.All in all, Contrast is a game that had so much potential and soars through the air in the first two Acts. Then, it faceplants in the third act. I did buy this during the Steam Summer, so for just $7.99 (got the soundtrack as well) I did get my money's worth....just wished that there were tighter controls and a longer game length."
,Recommended,224460,16443917,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,raudrick,"Very cool concept, poorly optimized. The little girl for me didn't run around she floated and skated around, if I fell into the void I would pop out in random spots sometime and I found a bit of invisible walls.But I do like the puzzle aspect and the story is okay so far."
,Recommended,224460,16444939,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Bonk Donkulous,"Great game, awesome concept, but I'd love to see more difficult puzzles! Haven't finished it yet but I'd love to see this concept applied to a second game that further explores this idea!"
,Recommended,224460,16660352,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,BunnyGrenade,"The game mechanic is interesting and the puzzles are good though there could have been more of them using the shadow dimenson. The story is also interesting with a nice ending.However, as much as I like the idea of Contrast, the game has some annoying bugs like bad camera movement and some errors when shifting between dimensions.If you can get past these little annoyances the game is very enjoyable. Also it is short but this is not really a bad thing though I would have liked more puzzles and more story elements. Perfect game for a relaxing weekend."
,Recommended,224460,17888363,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,think of a name later,"Short, nice atmosphere, good music, and platforming on shadows is really creative.Good game."
,Recommended,224460,17876952,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,Miss Badger,"It's a short game but it's filling. It has puzzles, nice music, interesting characters, and a little bit of thought provoking wibly wobbly sciency stuff. It's about a 5 hour game if you play it through and look for the little extras hidden around but it's well rewarding. If you like puzzles I do reccomend this game for you!"
,Recommended,224460,17904850,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,Wanderer,"I really want to love this game.  It has a great soundtrack, I love the 3d 2d game mechanic, and the story started nice and dark.  I found a few of the puzzles challenging and it felt very rewarding to finish them. What I love more is that when they introduce a new game mechanic there isn't a lot of hand holding that walks you through the puzzle, its mostly trial and error.Unfortunately the controls are very bad and were almost a deal breaker.  I died so many times due to broken controls I rage quit a few times which says a lot; I am not sure how one rage quits multiple times on a 4 hour game.  The story was beautifully dark at first but became whimsical and rather unfulfilling.  The protagonist felt wooden and like she had no purpose except to pull levers.  Of all of the reasons as to why she has this 2d ability and why the world looks so disjointed the actual reason feels lazy, tacked on and overdone.  My last gripe, which feels very nit-picky, is that someone on the team needs to do fact checking.  I don’t know a lot about the 1920’s or quantum physics which made a few of the blunders I did catch that much more jarring.  Grumble grumble.I recommend it if it’s on sale for a couple of bucks.  I couldn't recommend paying full price for it."
76561198067267943,Recommended,224460,17918135,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,samisitis,Shift between dimensions with this gorgeous atmospheric puzzle game with excellent period music. You can go at your own pace and explore the look and feel of the fantasy-filled universe. I wish it lasted longer with even more complex puzzles (although it is not too easy). I am looking forward to playing more games like this. It seems to go on sale for 75% off frequently.
,Recommended,224460,17927703,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Papilionus,"Loved the game...mostly for the music and graphics, but the challenges were difficult enough for the casual player but not so frustrating to make you walk away. I see that the same developers are working on another game, similar but not a sequel...I would definitely buy and play."
,Recommended,224460,17928584,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,RosieThunderCnt,"Awesome game, clever puzzles that make you think, beautiful music and design. Loved the story and would play it again <3"
,Recommended,224460,17920545,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Sarkastisch,It's a great game. The world is beautiful as is the physics. I wish the game was longer and I wish the ending explained more.
,Recommended,224460,17921232,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,burningxhell,love this game haven't even been playing for 20 minutes and i love the whole game
76561198017003925,Recommended,224460,16575242,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,SonofLiberty776,"In a world seperate from ours, but connected through shadows; you play as Dawn. A mysterious companion to a little girl. With your special shadow shifiting powers; you will help her reunite her family.Looking for a short puzzle adventure as a break from your usual gaming? Look no farther than Contrast!With a brilliant/beautiful graphical art style, intriguing gameplay mechanics, and a beautiful soundtrack; you will not be disappointed.The only downside is the puzzles are very simple and easy to solve, so there is no difficulty anywhere in the game.I bought this game on the Steam Summer sale for only $10, but it is definitely worth the full asking price.So go ahead, buy it already!"
,Recommended,224460,16559380,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Malkovichski,"Jójó... szép, frankó  alap ötlet, de 3 óra játékidő. Úgy, hogy közben elmentem ebédelni. Azért elég kevés. Meg ott van a nagyon rossz animáció, borzalmas irányítás és kamera. Kevés. Humblit várjatok vele."
,Recommended,224460,16561465,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Imriela,"Good story, great visuals, and great for those that don't really like hardcore puzzles. The puzzles are pretty simple overall, but the mechanics make them fun even if they're not very challenging. The visual style and music give this game a great mood and feel to it, while the story is engaging. Just goes to prove that games don't need action, violence, or those things to be good.It is short though, taking me about 5 hours total to complete with all the achievements. I'd recommend waiting for this to go on sale purely for that reason."
,Not Recommended,224460,16563674,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,KrimzonWingz,"I enjoyed the concept of this game a lot, but the story was short and really the shadow mechanic was short lived. I would have liked to see more complex routes, more character development, and a deeper plot line. Also frustrating at times because shadows don't necessarily cooperate and shifting out sometimes occurs without pressing the trigger button. But overall definitely a cool concept. It does have beautiful artwork though."
76561198072027162,Recommended,224460,16508222,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,russonc,"Just finished, and wow... loved it!  Great style, moody, fun to just look around in this fantasy world.  Good platforming with only a couple of spots that I had to do over (and over and over)... never totally frustrating.  Mind you I am not a huge platforming fan but this one oozed personality to keep me going.  Took me about 5 hrs or so overall without trying for all the achievments/collectables which could add a bit.  Music was fantastic as well (if you like older jazz).   For me a near perfect ""indie"" game."
,Recommended,224460,16509052,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,purevil,"despite its short playtime this is a great game, excellent concept but i would definitely reccomend using a controller as the keyboard is a bit clunky. could use some better character development as well"
76561197980697683,Recommended,224460,17933377,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Cat Fart,"Good idea for a game, love those hand painted splash screens, wish there was a way to make the game even more in that style."
,Not Recommended,224460,17932479,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Swaglord,The atmosphere and storyline are great but there's no manual save. Your current mission in the game is given with zero details which makes it difficult to figure out what you actually have to do half of the time.
,Recommended,224460,17932574,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Goyuix,"Very interesting and fun take on the platforming genre. Had about 3-5 hours of content, though there is some replay value."
76561197997580915,Not Recommended,224460,17947966,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,learn_more,"Don't get this game, it crashes on startup.And since this is 'protected' with the usual steam drm-bs (actually just obfuscated) the symbols that are delivered with the file are useless."
76561198120136845,Recommended,224460,17942436,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,marekus,"good puzzle game , but a bit short :S"
,Recommended,224460,18066484,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,DeLuman,"Interesting puzzles and plot, but it leaves you wanting more, or maybe that's a good thing...It doesn't wear out it's welcome, but I will say the Act 2 drew on a bit too long though, but Acts 1 and 3 make up for it."
76561197996080721,Recommended,224460,18065132,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,The_Duke_of_Citrus_Acquisition,"This game is beautiful.  Both in decor, and sound.  The sound track is nothing short of stunning.  The game play is unique, thought only slightly challenging.  The only downside of this game is it is kinda short.  If you find it on sale BUY IT, you will not regret it. I promise."
76561198005879250,Recommended,224460,18028167,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,adrianrogers,"Loved this game, brilliant idea with swithing between shadows & 3D, bit short though."
76561198056105843,Recommended,224460,18278772,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Manabolt,"Good story, a wonderful cast(okay mostly just the main characters), and a fantastic cityscape. Contrast is a fun idea that I would recommend any day as long as i also gave this warning, it's a platformer, and a janky one at that. It looks cool but doesn't always seem to work right. the story and level design make up for it but most will probably rage quit at least once. Even if that happens go back and it's all worth it."
76561198059508826,Recommended,224460,18282625,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Sampura,"Pros- good music- nice art- nice storyCons- controls are some times little clumsy- story is great, but very short. It seems it ends, before it even starts.If it is on sale, might as well get it. Good game just very short."
,Recommended,224460,18223800,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Pitsweat,"It has been said over and over but I will echo those comments that praise both the music and the shadow mechanics.The music and setting of the story take me back to Bugsy Malone and Sunday afternoon oldschool mobster movies that were the perfect escape to watching sport pap when I was young. A little more up-tempo than that used for the Fallout games but it is certainly going to find its way onto my phone.The graphics, while simple, are very effective. Delightful even in the way they are used to portray other characters in the story and to create the building blocks necessary to overcome obstacles.So far not much trouble in finding items and puzzles but I tend to explore anyway and it is certainly recommended.If you have been intrigued by the videos and the write up then it is definately worth your while trying, especially if you can catch on a Steam sale with the soundtrack!!"
,Not Recommended,224460,18223950,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Sitting Duck,"This might be an interesting game to explore, but it's a right-hand port with ZERO key configuration, which makes being left-handed a serious handicap early on. If I'd known this - and publishers never tell you in advance - I would never have bought it. Thankfully I bought it for less than $4 on sale.Want this game? Buy it on sale, be right-handed, and/or have a controller or infinite patience.If you're a lefty, I wouldn't bother. They didn't; why should you give them your money?"
,Recommended,224460,18165929,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Katastrophy ~ Ƹ̴Ӂ̴Ʒ,"There's a story to be told in the shadows, puzzles to be solved and a family to reunite..."
76561198087507144,Recommended,224460,18184415,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Zwölth,Good story & gameplay really interesting.Not very long but it's all
76561198045598218,Recommended,224460,18085489,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,Premier Gacko,"After finishing the game, getting all the acievements and looking closely at the story I gotta say this game is pretty good. The story is quite good, but the end is incredible, I would have never expected such ending in it. Then the gamplay and the shadow shifting is quite original if you ask me.The bad thing about the game is that it is pretty short and it is not very challenging.I would recommend buying in an offer, as it is not worth a lot of money; You can literally finish it in 3 hours or less."
76561197972718105,Recommended,224460,18108308,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,pinkGrendel,"I fun little game with some very neat puzzle setups and wacky level designs (like the scarecrow sections in Arkham Asylum).  Not an amazing game, but a mostly enjoyable experience; hence the recommendation.The game should be played with a controller as if has major input issues, not game breaking just a bit frustrating. The character design of the mother is also a tad  childish (crazy curves)."
76561197973514615,Recommended,224460,17681462,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,subpatch,"I recommend the game with this caveat: it's about the experience of an art piece that has a few fun puzzles rather than the game as a whole.Pros:Beautiful art from top to bottom, with music to match.Story is just interesting enough to keep your attention between the likable protagonist and metaphysical plot points.Some genuinely clever puzzles to solve using the unique game mechanics.Cons:Controls/camera are not 100% solid. Some environment interactivity is awkward.The constant cut scenes and dialogue slow the pace more than they should.It's a shame they didn't go deeper into the supernatural mysteries they created.Overall I think this game really wanted to be a higher-priced title with a more fleshed-out story and extra polish on the mechanical aspects. But, if you are intrigued by the trailer and the screenshots, you'll probably enjoy it."
,Recommended,224460,16820410,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,VentusTheFirst,"Oh my god Contrast. Has to be the best puzzle game I had played. Great story throughout every moment I played. Perfect. I have to admit, some of the puzzle were difficult to me. But, since I am of younger mind, it would be expected that I get stuck through the many puzzles through out the game. The game made an illusion that we were just beginning to experience Didi's life. It was sweet, complicated, and, at times, hilarious. This game was worth every cent. I would play it again and again. But developer(s), you can't just end it at that! I had the perspective that there was going to be a fantastic, eventful, probably week staking gameplay. Not just the amount I played. The graphics were wonderful; even in low. The voice acting was great. You could feel what each and every character was feeling at that particular time. I want a second game! Dang it! You guys were great at creating the game and I love it for it. I wish you the best of luck if you decide to make another game. I'll probably be there waiting in anticipation to check out the fantastic work. (If you decide to create another game. Otherwise, that'd kinda be sad. Probably go make a game through Vincezo's life in the past. See why Dawn was there for Didi in the first place. Maybe explain why Dawn never talks? Heh. Well developer if you read this, you did a great job."
76561198014321318,Recommended,224460,16827608,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Eldgrimmir,"finnished the game in just over 2 hours on my first playthrough and got everything, its a good looking game with a nice story, i recomend it, enjoyed every minute of it!"
76561198137185662,Recommended,224460,16830602,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,IrishMcNugget,"Creative and unique way of gameplay, probably one of my most favourite games yet."
,Recommended,224460,16482540,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Artimis Jay,"The only thing that I can personally gripe about this game is the same thing I said about Transistor (my favorite game of all time may I add) Its too short. All I want from this game is more of what I already got. I'm not saying this game is as good as transistor! No it was another puzzle game and therefore is automatially sent in to the ""ItIsn'tAsGoodAsPortal"" section of my mind and left there to die. This being said, as small as it is and as quickly as I devoured it it was still amazing. This games  that are just too short are like peices of cake, and Contrast was, a peice of cake eaten in a beautiful french caberet with shadows of performers dancing around me. The game play was fun, and sometimes pretty exciting, especially when it was being driven by the story. This game was an absolute treat!Gameplay8/10save for a few annoying times when I had a puzzle solved, but the shadows weren't just so, and it sent my plan down a well, game play was very fun, especially after solving a puzzle and you I got to spring along the shadows (Similar to the feeling of jumping through a solved room in portal.) The puzzles weren't too difficult but more often than not satisfying and just challenging enough. like any puzzle games if you are easily frustrated by having to think and don't like it then this may not be your game (however in this case I suggest somthing more suited to your abilities would be candyland, or do you know your colors yet? Do you need me to hold your hand or somthing... you get the point! thinking is good for you, try it!)Design9.5/10This game's design and feel simply catered to my personal taste, and if you have a similar affinity for an old timey Paris setting you're in for an absolute delight, if not... well there are pleanty of pretty colors and shiny thing for you to look at you uncultured swine. joking aside it is a very beautiful game, and save for one or two angles in some scenes looking a  touch harsh inorder to produce the thick shadows that give the game it's name, noting was visably irritating.Audio9/10The music and sound efects made for a very emersive experiance. The voice actors are the one thing that REALLY stood out. The suporting characters in particular very very expressive, especially for only being shadows on the wall. The main character's voice is a typical little girl's voice, and thus could be a bit grating, however she greatly reminded me of my little neice which made it almost endearing. Depending on your feelings about children this could be a scuff on your opinion of the game."
,Recommended,224460,16487377,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,PASSED OUT ECHICHALDA,"Contrast is a beautiful game that I had picked up during the Steam Summer Sale. While there was some graphical glitches, the game was presented in a way that kept me playing. The scenery was stunning. The character models were okay. Cutscenes were a bit jittery, but it wasn't too bad.Gameplay was good and responsive. It was kinda hard on the platforming, but that might be just me being bad at 3D platforming.The puzzles presented in the game weren't too difficult, but weren't easy either. The 'shadow-shifting' was an interesting touch to puzzle mechanics. While the 'shadow shifting' was a bit buggy at areas, it didn't make the game 'not playable', you can still get through the game and enjoy it.Though there were puzzles that I got stuck at, it felt wonderful solving on what to do.And the story. Wow, I haven't really loved a story like this in a video game for quite a while. With the collectables in the game, the little snippets of newspapers and such, they enhanced the story even more. The music captivated me from the get go when I first even started up the game and I stayed captivated through out. The character development was choppy at times but each character was unique in their own personalities.Contrast is a short game, but I enjoyed it. So if you like puzzles, platforming, and a story about helping a little girl and her family, then I recommend you to pick up Contrast."
76561198071532445,Recommended,224460,12452535,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,AUTISMUS MAXIMUS,"The best puzzle/adventure/mystery game i have ever played. And for 4$ you HAVE to buy it.Game play is very fun, jumping from the 3d world to the 2D one is amazingly fun and makes you approach things differently (literally). Story is great as well. The setting is top grade. The city is so well done and so much attention is paid to details that even after you finish the game you wish you can go back and explore it. (you can, but without missions it's eh)Only bad part is ~7 hours of gameplay :(   (and that's including being stuck on levels)Finally,  just simply the final level is a reason to buy the game, not to mention all the other levels. ♥♥♥♥in AThey ought to make a sequel in the same city and with more hours."
76561198032632811,Recommended,224460,16487764,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,CasualCheetah,"Not many total hours of gameplay but not none the less an interesting and stylistic game.It's full of great references to other games and movies and has other fun little touches.The gameplay is pretty solid overall and does some pretty neat stuff.The story is really good as it creates an engaging world that at the end I wish I could learn more about, it's hard to say more without spoilers.Love the art style as well!All in all, if you want a quick little experience with a great story and enjoy puzzle-platformer-butwithsomesortoftwistofphysics games definitely worth a buy!(Would recommend a controller thought)"
76561198053325129,Recommended,224460,16489050,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,cadaverous.doll,"Reminded me a lot of Portal. Lots of puzzles, cute story, loved running around in the city and I liked the atmosphere. It was a short game, but worth it. Some parts were challenging if you didn't get the shadows in just the right position, which is also very frustrating but I was able to work through it. There is one move where you 'rush' and are able to burst through a gate, and that wasn't utilized often which, me being a fan of breaking things, was a little disappointing.I didn't quite understand why the girl wasn't in the shadows like everyone else seemed to be, and the story never fully explained it, so the main plot didn't quite make sense. Otherwise it kept a mystical tone that was consistent throughout.Eager to play their next game!"
,Recommended,224460,16540807,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,HЯRV,"Cute. Touching. Fascinating. Sadly, it is too short."
,Recommended,224460,16458334,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Athari,"A nice little game with a nice little story, but don't expect much, it's average. I've certainly enjoyed the story and its unusual presentation.I hope other game developers explore the idea of shadows further, this game didn't seem to use all the possibilities, almost all puzzles were simple and the game was short.My primary complaint is that the controls are clunky. I often failed just because some tiny obstacle in a wall pushed me from the shadow mode or dashing caused me to move a bit too far into a shadow. It's frustrating when you know how to solve a puzzle, but fail because of jumping one pixel too far. Moving boxes using spotlights didn't look stable too.Overall, could have beed done much better and could have been much larger. What is left is worth getting with 75% discount though. Especially if you like nice stories and not too complex logic puzzles."
,Recommended,224460,16461459,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Rancid_Rainbow117,"pretty interesting game. makes you think, and the atmosphere is awesome!"
,Recommended,224460,17950704,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Jschreibz13,So much fun! Didn't realize how short the game was but the story is really interesting and has some twists that aren't completely expected but it's worth the money.
76561198058167204,Recommended,224460,17923969,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,JayManCarryGun,"Beautiful soundtrack, very pretty game. worth a pick up and a play through when on sale."
76561198060944917,Recommended,224460,17924319,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,G-Ken.Mercy,"It's a short 2 hour game, but a good 2 hour experience non the less.If it's on sale, I recommend getting it."
,Recommended,224460,17924868,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Knock Knock,"The game has some interesting dynamics. The story is basic but well done. I really like the art style and direction. The game is VERY short, I'm talking like just over two hours kind of short. However if you pick it up on sale, say for under $10 I'd say it was very worth it."
76561198031875543,Recommended,224460,17942860,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,Poliban,"Great game very unique, feels short but it is no doubt a good game"
,Recommended,224460,9090574,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Arachin,"A clever but underachieving adventure / puzzle game elevated at times by an interesting setting and story.For those of you that don't know, your character can blend between 3d person and 2d projected platforming by stepping into the light projected onto walls. Shadows become walls, floors and even lifts to new areas. At its best it feels like a mix of fez and portal, but at its worst the shadow stepping can be awkward and unreliable.The pacing is acceptable and there seem to be multiple ways to approach some puzzles, but there's no serious challenge here.The setting falls somewhere between Bugsy Malone and Alice in Wonderland, but doesn't fully deliver on either. The noir story is a nice touch, but not gritty enough for my tastes, and whilst the worlds warp and float like a fever dream this fact is entirely ignored by the characters. I would not have been shocked to see: ""But it was all a dream. The End""There were some beautiful moments towards the end of the game where a deeper meaning is hinted, but it arrived a little late.If you're curious, pick it up on a good sale day, but you're looking for puzzle, platforming or story, this game hits under average on all accounts. [5.0]"
76561198097157725,Recommended,224460,9091595,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,kieth beef,"All in all, the game was a very fun, unique experience. I bought the game when it was 40% off and at the price I paid ($8.99), it was worth the money. That being said, I do worry about if I believe $15 is a fair price for Contrast. It just went a little bit too quick for a price like that. The controls are not as bad as you'd expect either, as some say that the controls are a little weird. In game, the puzzles are simple, yet enjoyable. How simple a story may appear to be could really turn into something remarkable and kind of mind-boggling. To conclude, great game, worth the money I paid, and I plan to play it again to collect all of the collectibles, so replay value is moderate. 8.5/10"
,Recommended,224460,9072938,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,VudgeEyeNuh2,"Forget reality, right? All you truly desire is your shadow. Thats of course, if there is a source of light nearby. But thats the least of your worries."
76561197990509308,Recommended,224460,9092367,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,The Spoon of Destruction,"Fantastic little story, about re-imaging what it's like to experience life in an odd and gritty 30's style drama. With a touch of sci-fi curiosity."
76561198045910291,Recommended,224460,9094240,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,El Obadiah,"I loved the setting of the story, the whole jazzy noir theme really hooked me (not to mention the singer's beautiful voice). While a bit on the short side, this game had a great story filled with mobsters, heartbreak, and even murder (OR ARE THEY STILL ALIVE?!). I had a few minor issues when it came to the platforming (shadows can be difficult sometimes), but in the end I still thoroughly enjoyed playing through. Give it a shot, you never know what may lie beyond our 3D universe; hell, you just might have a good time."
76561197995330670,Recommended,224460,9096023,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Vanity Fair,"I'm really enjoying the atmosphere, and the story is both intriguing and mysterious to a degree. The puzzles have been challenging, varied, and entertaining. My one complaint is the platforming bits. Many of them are timed based on a spot of dialogue that is playing, which means that everytime you make a mistake, you basically have to listen to a whole cutscene over again. This wouldn't be so bad if not for the fact that the shadow puppets you are walking on sometimes move in ways that ""throw"" you off of them, which is very difficult to predict. So part of these challenges becomes memorization, and trial and error. Which coupled with the replaying dialogue, makes a really interesting, innovative, and gorgeous blend of story and gameplay somewhat tiresome to replay until you get it right.I'd definitely recommend it, since it is otherwise very, very good so far."
76561197968552873,Recommended,224460,9096161,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,OldSlowTiger,"A great idea for a game with some fascinating puzzles, good voice acting, and an interesting story concept. Unfortunately, the controls are a rather buggy and some areas are unplasantly frustrating as a result. The game is also a bit short, and doesn't feel quite as polished as it could be. Still, the concept is interesting enough that, while I wouldn't recommend paying full price for it, it's a worthwhile purchase on sale."
,Recommended,224460,15426235,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Stubbs15,"Contrast is a unique game where you play as a young girl's imaginary friend, and the only visible characters are yourself and the girl. Other characters will show up throughout and you can jump all over their shadows they cast on walls, and the game's mechanics and puzzles involve you weaving through shadow and 3D to reach your destination.This game is short and sweet. Can really be played through in one sitting without a problem (especially if you don't go on a hunt for the random collectibles which some made no sense and said things as nondescript as 'science photo'- I had to find them because completionist)Some of the movement within the shadows can be finicky at times, but isn't much of an issue since there aren't really load screens or repercussions for dying. Just a fun puzzler that follows the active imagination of a young girl and her love for her family."
,Recommended,224460,16121374,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,GLaDOS8MyCake,"8/10This game has an unique atmosphere and game mechanic that was enjoyable. The speed of increasingly difficulty was fair and sometimes challenging. The story was somewhat predictable if you read all the clues. Overall, it's a nice time killer but I wouldn't play it again after finishing it once."
,Recommended,224460,16100269,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,Dark Aragami,"With about 4h of gameplay this game is really short. However, due to the very original concept of shifting between the 2D shadow world and the 3D real world this is absolutely a gem worth playing."
,Recommended,224460,15807560,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,tsupertsundere,"Contrast is a game I can't help but really enjoy. A new mechanic done in an interesting way couched in gorgeous art direction can really make up for rather stilted... everything else. The concepts are there. The skill level is there. What's lacking is the actual execution.It comes across the worst is the dialogue - decent lines read by good voice actors come across with too little impact simply because the delivery wasn't quite right, the pacing not quite right. The music is spare and doesn't serve much to hype whatever's going on, and many scenes feel bare without it. This is all a shame, because clearly there's something going on here - the dreamlike world, the shadow-people, the family drama. All of this is sorely under-embellished. There's no weight or time given for these scenes, no gravity - except for when you're jumping through them (which I actually found really neat!)But what IS there is largely delightful. Didi has pep and zing, even if her voice actress is a little bit unpleasant to listen to. I was more than happy to help Didi make a change in her family's life and make their business her business with an aplomb and positively not often seen in games. The environment is fun to explore in and has a wonderful feel.Oh and the gameplay is fun and okay.There's a solid 3-4 hours of gameplay here - you decide what that's worth. I enjoyed this different kind of tale told in a different kind of way, and I'm very eager to see how this developer will grow in future games."
,Recommended,224460,15808696,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,They Call Me Max,"Very worth it. There are a few jumping puzzles that get frustrating due to the... imprecise collision, but it's not a game breaker.The world-building, story-telling, and sound are what really made this stand out for me.It's short, sweet, and exactly as much game as it needed to be."
76561198031268823,Recommended,224460,16263245,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,darlathepaladin,"This is a beautiful, clever and challenging game. The style itself warrants a playthrough but the gameplay is fun and challenging."
,Recommended,224460,15989869,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,wats-it-to-ya,"You play the imaginary friend of a little girl, seeing the world through her eyes. Your special power being the ability to move between the ""real"" world and the shadow world. Some of its best levels are where you have to modify ""real"" world objects to create the shadows you climb later on. It is a unique game with an authentic European style to it. Highly recommended!!"
76561198108750081,Recommended,224460,15979714,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Cozmoloton,"the game is beautiful. the artwork was great, and the music was pretty good. the atmoshere of the game though is intriguing which was one if it's best characteristics. you always have questions on your mind about the world you are in. not many games are like that. you just accept where you are and play the game. not this one though. i was always wondering where i was and trying to guess why things were the way they were.the only problem i could find with the game was that the ending was rushed and things left unanswered:the story was pretty short, which wasn't a bad thing, but the details on what happened and were you were wasn't ""concretely"" explained. you you have to figure it out yourself with collectables, which you find throughout the game which did pretty much tell you, but it wasn't enough for me. i guess i wanted more back story for your character and the world you are in. there are a lot of questions on my mind about everything. maybe i'm just over thinking it, but i really liked the setting of the game, it's characters, and what was going on so i want to know everything haha.the ending also left on one of those ""cliffhangers"" where you know there isn't going to be a next time, but something happened that you want to see more, and it pisses you off because it kind of makes it seem like there is going to be a sequel which will go into more detail about what just happened, but you know there won't be one.[POTENTIAL SPOILER] as for being rushed, i guess i just don't like how fast and easily everything wrapped up with the family due to the circumstances and their past......its hard to describe with out any spoilers.over all, it was a very enjoyable game and i'm glad i bought it. i would like a sequel with more detail about the characters and setting."
,Not Recommended,224460,15630766,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Buns,Just go play Limbo or something. It's a lot better than this.
,Recommended,224460,16222240,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Karki,"If you're looking for some casual fun with beautiful visuals AND without having to invest hours upon hours into gameplay, this is your game. I completed this in about four hours, give or take. However, if you want to really use your brain and are looking for a bigger challenge, you better skip this game.The puzzles were quite easy and straightforward, even though there were a few parts where I almost got too frustrated and gave up. The game was different from what I'm used to, though, which made me actually want to finish it. Four hours well spent."
76561198032489412,Recommended,224460,15932037,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,Fullmetal Shogun,"Good platforming and simple puzzles, With a well told and interesting story."
76561198041287274,Recommended,224460,15781032,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Dragoncuali,"Contrast is one of those games that can easily be beat within a few hours ( I took roughly 3.5 hours to play through and get the few achievements I missed). This game while linear is a very fun. There are a few puzzles that you are bound to get stuck on and make you really think. The story is also quite interesting and could easily gain a sequel in the future.I would highly recommend this game, however you may want to wait for a sale."
,Recommended,224460,15732938,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,GWhizz,very beautiful and intuitive game with a unique and touching story
76561197976081787,Recommended,224460,15223481,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,mdwbm,"A puzzle game with no combat.You play the friend of this little girl. Only she can see you and she needs her help to visit and help her father out.The main feature of this game is that you can walk on shadows. As you find your way blocked, switch to the shadow realm and walk on shadows. Go back to the real 3D world and push objects so the light creates shadow paths you can use. Turn on the ferris wheel and have multiple horses moving up and down on the wall behind it so you can reach the shadow of a billboard all so that you can climb over a wall that was blocking your path.The game is very different and good. The music is Jazz. The only downside to this game is that it is rather short.Highly recommend this game!"
,Recommended,224460,15689111,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,HimeJezabel,"I really enjoyed this game, mostly for its atmosphere. Very noir 1920s.You play what seems to be an imaginary friend of a little girl and you help her solve puzzles and get places to move on with her story. You jump in and out of shadows to overcome obstacles. The story is told through cutscenes, but also through shadows on the wall, seen by collecting things and sometimes as part of an obstacle. The story itself is ok, some family troubles that you have to help the girl through. Honestly not that memorable, but it blends in well with and builds the atmosphere.The puzzles are mostly easy with a few exceptions. You shouldn't need a guide to know what you need to do, though you may ♥♥♥♥ up jumps, timing etc. on your way there.About 3-4 hour gameplay, play it mostly for its atmosphere. It's exactly what I expected it to be from seeing screenshots and trailers. Buy it on sale.All achievements are easily earned, I only had to go back for a few after a normal playthrough."
,Recommended,224460,15348983,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Tiggum,"This game is disappointingly short, but it's a neat concept executed well. There are a couple of places where it can get a bit frustrating, but mostly you can figure out what you're meant to be doing and do it without too much trouble. Definitely receommended to anyone who likes puzzle platformers."
,Recommended,224460,15334590,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,ZigZag2242,"Ahh Contrast, here's a summary: (+Positive, ~Neutral, -Critical)+ Interesting atmosphere and art style.+ Puzzles make you think outside the box.+ Intuitive control system and physics.~ Fairly short but this makes it replayable.~ Quite well optimized for an Unreal Engine title.- Uneven walls push you back into the 3rd dimension."
,Recommended,224460,15764661,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,TheDavisChanger,"Contrast is a great, non-violent 3D and 2D platformer.Much of the gameplay involves navigating the protaganist Dawn around a 3D 1920s city.  The boundaries of the city are warped in a twisted MC Escher way which is a far more stylish way of focusing the player in the playable space than invisible walls would be.  Dawn is led around this space by another character Didi to various areas where the player is to overcome various platforming puzzles to advance the story.The platforming is very clever.  Against most walls on which shadows are cast, Dawn can phase into the wall becoming a silhouette that can jump on the shadows cast by objects in 3D.  Prior to phasing in, Dawn can interact with objects to move the shadows into more traversable platforms.  She can also phase some 3D objects into the shadows with her to help solve puzzles and reach collectible items.  The 3D navigation is occasionally interrupted with a jittery camera and the player will occasionally pop out of shadows while phased without notice.  It seems the idea is to keep the camera perpendicluar to the wall while phased, but at bends or corners in the wall, this can get tricky.  Other than that, the controls are decent.The story is touching with a focus on family and the characters are unique, except for Dawn who is essentially a mute avatar.  Didi, the child who accompanies and directs Dawn, is adorable and determined to help her father Johnny.  Johnny is the reformed tramp that to whom the player immediately yields his sympathy.  Kat is at her wit's end with the unreliable Johnny as she raises Didi on her own.  Didi's--more so than Dawn's--resourcefulness and her comments--especially during the puppet show--highlight a theme of female empowerment without being heavy-handed in its delivery.I completed this game in four hours and would recommend it, especially at the going rate of a movie ticket.  The energetic Didi helps move the heartwarming story along in a stylish world with many ledges and crannies to explore.  Phasing from 3D into a 2D environment is a treat and the creatvity with which the 2D shadow puzzles were designed is impressive.  Despite camera and control issues in the 2D space, it would have been nice to explore this mechanic with more puzzles, but even so Contrast is a standout title."
,Recommended,224460,16745924,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Stasis,"While ""Contrast"" is certainly not a ""AAA"" game - the gameplay is a little rough around the edges in ways that can put a hitch in some of the platforming puzzles, and the graphics look like they belong a generation earlier - it's filled with style and atmosphere that invokes Tim Burton, focused gameplay, and a feel that throws back to the earlier days of 3D platformers that kicked up a nice nostalgia trip.And it has some strong thematic similarities to Bioshock Infinite.Having clocked about 3 hours in it from start to finish, for what it is, the length feels just about right. This is a game you play for the overall experience, so it does what it wants to do without overstaying its welcome.Cool game."
76561198061839750,Not Recommended,224460,16467860,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Tigerscales,"The reason this gets a negative review is because the puzzle mechanic, art direction and voice acting are all superb with a lot of promise but ultimately falls short mostly because the game itself is very short. Disappointment is the main culprit that robbed this beautiful game of a glowing review.If you manage to beat the game (don't worry it will only take you a couple of hours) you'll notice that the credits list a lot of talent that seems to never make an appearance in the game. For example, they credit contortionists and fire breathers, but I never saw any of those in the game. This gives me the impression like many others that this was originally meant to be a much more ambitious project but either time or budget constraints crippled the final product.The plot also seemed a little hodgepodged if you asked me. There seemed to be a lot of useless plot tidbits and the parts that needed a lot more fleshing out were not."
,Recommended,224460,16473462,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,CharreD,"About 4hrs of playtime to complete it 100% with all achievements and collectibles.Great game with a fresh new puzzle mechanic. Great story, interesting puzzles, nice soundtrack.However it is quite short and does suffer from inconsitent shadow world clipping that can become frustrating. I also quite frequently found myself getting caught on bits of geometry that shouldn't really be blocking my movement. The camera can also be problematic when you're trying to platform (though rarely does a 3rd person 3D platformer get this right).Dispite these flaws I think that it's pricepoint is fair for what you get."
76561198157835706,Recommended,224460,16476253,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,orbitalpuca,"Love this game!  The vissual design is beautiful, the puzzles are very fun.  The ability to shift between 3D real world and 2D sharrow world adds a very creative possibilities.  And the story is interesting and engaging."
,Recommended,224460,16430118,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Cuddles the Dalek,"Upsides to this game:-The music is gorgeous. The Streets, House on Fire, and Kat's Song are my favourite tracks from the soundtrack.-The concept is brilliant. Shifting between 3D and 2D? Love it.-The atmosphere is stunning. You are all alone in your world, invisible, but you see Didi's story going on around you. Did I mention the music?-Exploration is rewarded. Little bits of backstory, easter eggs here and there, but invisible walls ruin that a tad.-The story is a simple, small story involving a young girl and her family. No threat of world domination, extinction, etc. Just a little girl who wants her family to be together. It's very touching, and all the more powerful because you can only watch from the sidelines, seeing their silhouettes act out the drama.Downsides to this game:-The puzzles can require spot-on timing and aiming.-The camera and controls can feel awkward.-It's very short. I played through it twice to 100% in just a few hours. A little pricey for the length, but if it's on sale, grab it (the soundtrack too)-Didi can be a little annoying at times.TL;DR (you lazy bugger you):Short with a few annoyances, but the atmosphere and story are amazing, and far outweigh the bad. Get it and the soundtrack when it's on sale."
,Recommended,224460,15709435,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Archiver13,"This game is almost more like a proof of concept. It is a shame that it is so short because what is here shows alot of promise. The art style is unique and yet somehow it is familiar. The music and enviorement tells a story right along with the game . You almost cant help yourself but to walk around and absorb it all. That is also the problem. You want to wander off but cannot, Simply because there is not a whole lot beyond the path that is put before you. The story is neat yet feels unfinished or rushed almost as if they had to meet a deadline. What is here mechanics wise is simple yet works for the puzzles set before you.  It is difficult to recommend this at full price given how i feel about its length, but pick it up during a sale because what is here is a neat game with a potentially good story if not for the rushed feel towards its final chapters."
,Recommended,224460,16069409,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,hagertysean4,"I really love the style of this game. It has a few bugs that need to be worked out, but the 20's Paris feel makes up for it. I love that style."
,Recommended,224460,16299205,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,dice,"Astonishingly awesome piece of visual art, writing and directing. Fair gamedesign. Terrible game. Though, worths forcing yourself through."
,Recommended,224460,9058736,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Shadowboxer,"This game is on sale, and honestly you should get it if you love interesting stories."
76561197990595783,Not Recommended,224460,16427623,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Ronnoc The Axe,Beat it in two hours.. I wish there was a mixed thumb review. It wasn't positive or negative. It started off strong with a sexy soundtrack and interesting gameplay. The  puzzles were fun though.pros:Sound track at the beginning was great.Fun puzzlesfairly good voice actingcons:2 hours long.theres no ambient soundtrack at all...movement was a little wonky and unresponsive at timesshadow movements of npcs were stiff and boring6/10
,Recommended,224460,13606113,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,mdwyer,"This is a simple game -- a sort of puzzle-platformer -- that you will likely have solved in an evening, but I think you will enjoy that evening greatly.  There's a great noir jazz aesthetic, mixed with a little Alice in Wonderland.  The mute heroine plays well against the story's young protagonist.  The characters are remarkably deep, despite being literally two dimensional.  It all comes together to be a very enjoyable package.I highly recommend the game."
76561198169087075,Recommended,224460,13607236,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Miauen,"This game delivers style, awesome music, and unique gameplay that I am in love with.  Not so sure about the bad reviews...  It is not your typical big budget game, that should be obvious.  This is a game that steps outside the box.  If you love the trailer and you love the art get this game!!  It has not disappointed me at all!"
76561198059158383,Recommended,224460,13165919,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,beadasuras,"i have to say i love this game. its a bit short so i was glad i only paid 3.74 instead of 14.99 but it was a beautiful looking game. no glitches at all. i got sucked into it completly .was nice to relax to the lovely jazz soundtrack , the atmosphere is great. they achieved so much in such a tiny game that a lot of big developers cant do in a massive game."
76561198036988452,Recommended,224460,13166016,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,p5ychol,Short but very enjoyable.  Absolutely loved every minute of it.
76561197993516616,Recommended,224460,13171940,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,dragon-42,"A delightful, short puzzel game in the noire style. A great buy for the price, but don't expect a AAA game. It has some bugs and is clunky in handling at times. Overall, a great buy and a nice short game."
,Recommended,224460,13174869,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,chigangrel,"8/10Cool game with pretty graphics, great and atmospheric music, a unique gameplay mechanic making for fun puzzles, and a neat little story. Only rating it an 8/10 however because of bugs and other issues (note: my computer exceeds the recommended requirements and played the game fine on high settings). At times, Dawn will slide around at high speeds or suddenly stop moving due to some invisible obstruction. That's annoying while walking down the middle of the road, but downright frustrating when trying to solve puzzles, especially while in shadowland. These movements sometimes cause Dawn to shift out of shadows at inopportune times as well, requiring restarting entire puzzles. The worst issue, however, are the occasional times when something that is supposed to sparkle (such as an item that can be used or a collectible) does NOT sparkle, and thus can't be used. Collectibles don't stop you from completing the game, but the usable items not sparkling certainly will. I was able to solve this issue by restarting the game, but it's still annoying and meant lost progress.All in all though, I would still recommend Contrast."
,Not Recommended,224460,13176713,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,roselius,"Though visually stunning and in employ of a very interesting game mechanic I'd never seen before-- the manipulation of lights in order to traverse through a shadow-world to allow the player access to areas that are otherwise unreachable,-- I felt that these two points were not enough to make up for the amount of glitches and the weak plot that I found in an otherwise palatable game. For the amount I bought it for, I felt this game was not polished very well, and it certainly doesn't help that the secondary character you follow was written in a very annoying manner. Noir games are often hit-or-miss because of the amount of stereotypes the genre builds upon, and Contrast followed the routine noir atmosphere and plotline.In short, this was a very imaginative game, but I don't see myself going back to it for another playthrough. I would recommend it for the shadow/light manipulation, however."
,Recommended,224460,12959609,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Valassi,"A great, very short (4-5 hours) game filled with clever & nifty puzzles that make fascinating use of shadows and a sometimes sad but always (imho) captivating story that's fully fleshed out thanks to the many collectibles present within the game that tell the story within the story (be sure to collect them all to get the full picture to help you understand what's going on behind the scenes!).Great voice acting & a fantastic song in the style of the cabaret or a lounge singer further complement the rest of the game to make this a great purchase worth every penny.8.5/10"
76561198006086031,Recommended,224460,13233252,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,‡ The Man With The Hat  ‡ [SWE],"Although a bit over-priced considering it being so short (I didn't stress through the game what-so-ever and still beat it in three hours) I recommend this game, but I would advice picking it up when it's on sale, since three hours for 14 euro is a bit on the expensive side. A beutifully designed game, with an engaging and sad little story about a young girl. Filled with economical issues, romantic affairs, mafia-involvement and drama.  With heavy elements of film noir, and with a graphic style that in many ways resembles a german expressionist silent film, with a touch of Tim Burton-esque quirkiness as the beutiful cherry on top. The humoristic elements such as hidden mature jokes really made me happy and sometimes I even laughed out loud. The puzzles are interesting, all though not that hard if you're used to puzzle-solving in games. But I still feel this game brought something new to the puzzle-genre. The gameplay mechanics are very well scripted and you quickly forget what buttons you have to click and just do it on impulse, immersed in the quirky little world that the game takes place in. Overall I really enjoyed this game, but it's far too short."
,Recommended,224460,13263053,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,InsidiousGamer,"I've wanted to play this since I saw a trailer of it. The shadow mechanic is very cool and unique, but at the same time extremely frustrating. When you have control of light you have to fiddle with it for a while before you get it EXACTLY PERFECT for the puzzles to work. And I don't mean solvable. I mean at a point where the physics engine doesn't bug out and throw you out of the shadows for no good reason. It happens. A lot.Pros:Beautiful Art StyleSimple mechanics that show depth and complexity in how they are used.A quite charming story, that isn't too overly long either.Cons:That stupid Physics engine thing. it will have you screaming and tearing your hair out.Short-ish, I finished it in 3.5 hours.The length I put as both a pro and a con, since some like shorter games and others like longer games."
,Recommended,224460,13264660,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,AFK4LYF,"Contrast met my expectations as far as visuals and story. There was enough variation in the puzzles to keep it interesting and moderately challenging throughout the game. The dreamlike 50's noir setting was definitely a treat. The biggest fallback was the somewhat wonky shadow puzzles. Some went easy, others were buggy and frustrating. Overall Contrast was enjoyable for a short semi-platform game."
,Recommended,224460,13268050,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,General Kysieran,"A quaint little story with a intruiging game mechanic. The music is awesome!!!!!! But note it is very short.With a mouse and keyboard the controls were a bit annoying at times, but it is still completable with the devices."
,Not Recommended,224460,13801929,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,S U L L Y,"Such a well thoughout concept and storyline but falls flat. Solving puzzles is more tedious than it is mind boggling, and the ending was disappointing for a great story they built up to. However, I loved the atmospheric aspects of the game, great music and vibe of Paris' 1920's."
,Recommended,224460,13822905,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,jazzingmeup,"This is an awesome game, for people that want to decompress over fun puzzles. The art is awesome, the music is pretty on point and the story is cute. The little girl's voice is annoying, but I am definitely going to play this game a few more times! Highly recommend it :D"
,Recommended,224460,13847441,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Aimy (ง ◉◡◔)ง,"In theory, Contrast has a wonderfully simplified interface.Contrast is gorgeous. From its light-strewn rooftops to its overall art direction to the cardboard forest of the circus, everything about Contrast's looks impress. The soundtrack is absolutely divine, so much so that I've got some of the tracks playing on loop right now."
,Recommended,224460,12465047,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Xanders.OCFX,Amanda Palmer simulator10/10
,Recommended,224460,13888871,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Subtextual Surprise,"Contrast is a story told through casual platforming with some puzzle elements to it. The entire game can be beaten in around 3 hours, which makes the price a little steep. If you like noir-esque settings and want a short story told to you, this might be up your alley. I thought the way the story was told was pretty good and the twist at the end just completes it. I could only recommend this game at most about 10USD. If you are worried about achievements then this is a quick 100% addition to your collection."
,Recommended,224460,13580570,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Pseudobread,"Though this game is disappointingly short (under 4 hours for my first playthrough), I did rather enjoy it. The story is well done, the character design is well done, and the setting and graphics are gorgeous. Adding a bit of surrealism with the edges of some of the levels was a cool touch as well. I do have a few problems, though, and they all boil down to: the game didn't quite feel finished. Whether it was wonky controls, weird collision detection, or arbitrary invisible walls, there were a lot of things that seemed rushed. It would have been a much better game if it had a bit more polish on it, and if some of the invisiblle walls were a bit less obvious (one springs to mind where I ran into an invisible wall about 2 feet away from an actual wall). Still, if you can pick this game up on sale, I would recommend it. I got the version with the soundtrack, which was an extra bonus.Update: Not much replay value, either. After only 6 or so hours of play, I have all of the achievements. Still, if it's on sale (like I said earlier), pick it up."
,Recommended,224460,13885948,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Gwaf,Fantastic game. Please be aware that you can 100% the game in 3 hours though
76561198045522798,Recommended,224460,13887781,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Tortilla Chef Brnand,"Somewhat of a short game but really fun. Unique gameplay, interesting setting, and a great story. You will find yourself completely engrossed in the game during the amount of time it lasts."
76561197988503542,Recommended,224460,13467315,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,EnderofCake,This game is pretty awesome if you pick it up for 5$. The only problem is that it's too short. The story is very linear but it's interesting and the puzzles are enjoyable. If you want to kill a few hours in a awesome game get this one. I just wish it was longer or had episodes like the telltale games
76561198076407874,Recommended,224460,13927943,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Défunt,"Its a really good game, nice gameplay, amazing art and soundtrack. Buy it! :D"
76561198080781507,Recommended,224460,14405849,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Mr. Blonde,"Contrast is a nice game, very interesting, puzzles aren't exceptionally difficult and even though there are only 2 3D characters, mostly, there is something interesting development with the various NPC's. The ending did feel a bit rushed though, it is still good, I do believe that if you don't get enough collectibles or notice some small clues, especially on the last Act, you might not understand the ending properly."
76561198054540243,Recommended,224460,14661839,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,[Placeholder],"While the gameplay mechanic is fresh for the first half an hour, it quickly wears on you when you realize that there's only one ostensible solution to every puzzle, reducing the game's 3D sections to little more than a way to get to the next shadow-based platforming segment. This gets better a little later on when interacting with the environment actively changes the shapes of the shadows you platform on, but even then it mostly gets reduced to a matter of fine-tuning your adjustment of the 3D world to get the 2D platforming stage you need. I can't help but feel like more could've been done, with more imaginative takes on puzzle-solving. Half the fun of Portal was simply figuring out what the hell to do. It lengthened the game and gave you a real sense of accomplishment for figuring out the solution- you won't get much of that here. All the puzzles are basically self-explanatory from a cursory look at the environment and the result is that the playtime is frustratingly short.The other half of what made portal great were the characters. Contrast's characters are by-and-by large serviceable, if not particularly original. They make sense. They're people you've heard of, seen, probably even know, just not intimately. They're not perfectly fleshed out, but that may have been the point- after all, they're just shadows, seen only through a little girl's limited perspective. The voice acting works (Laura Ellis does a pretty fantastic job) for the most part and while you may not be entirely sold on how quickly characters' relationships advance, that too, can be forgiven. (I  wonder if I'd have felt the same way had the puzzles been harder to space the game out a little more). After all, the main character is just a little girl- she can hardly be expected to understand all the nuances of the exceptionally adult world her parents are in.So for the most part, everything works...until the ending. The finale is probably my least favourite part of the game. I really liked the nebulous uncertainty as to whether what you're seeing is purely symbolic, whether what you see is really just another facet of what you HEAR in the storytelling. Note that I don't hate certainty- it's just that this particular ending opens up a whole lot more questions when the game is supposed to be wrapping up.*That said, get the game anyway (at least when it goes on sale). The patches have fixed 99% of the glitching issues,the 1920's noir-ish aesthetic is a breath of fresh air amidst the modern, high-tech settings of most games, perfectly grasping the grand, yet slimy setting of the period, and the soundtrack complements everything perfectly. Seriously, it's fantastic. Youtube it if you don't believe me.My only real complaint apart from the underutilized mechanics is the game's brevity, which is a compliment in and of itself. After all, if a game makes you wish it were longer, it must be doing something right. So support the devs by buying the game! I can't wait to see what they'll pull off with a bigger production budget.Verdict: 3.5/5*:SPOILERS, YE HAVE BEEN WARNED:If we make the assumption that Dawn is an imaginary friend, her general lack of backstory and characterization makes plenty of sense. The minute you make a character within the story you have to start explaining or justifying their existence within said story, ""Who are they? Why do they care?"" because if the characters themselves don't care about the story, how can you expect your audience to?You don't have to do this with an imaginary character- fake people don't need real motivations, and you can be content with just using them as a vessel for your own curiosity. I'm not against making Dawn a character, but making her one at the end of the story when there's no possibility of coming up with her motivations just makes the entire experience jarring, because suddenly this empty vessel you've been inhabiting the entire time has sprouted an existence of its own whose motivations can't be explained by your own simple curiosity as a gamer. It leaves you going ""whaaaaaaa?"" and blue-balled over a very fundamental part of the game that no longer makes sense in the context of the story."
,Recommended,224460,14676382,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Konvert04,"At first it felt a little like a film noir version of Alice The Madness Returns, but this game picks up quickly, and I have to admit I'm pleasantly surprised.  The puzzle challenges have a fresh take as you're constantly using light to manage your progress, and the game provides a story driven arc that keeps you locked into it for the entirety.  I'll recommend it to anyone especially at the current low price point."
,Recommended,224460,14584266,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Mad Hatter,"Contrast is an incredibly well written and well implemented platform/puzzler.  All accented by an incredible sound track.  While it certainly has some control issues from time to time, none I encountered were game breaking.  It is also incredibly short, finished in only a few hours.  But, the unique mechanics never over-stay their welcome.  Each chapter builds upon previous chapters' lessons, allowing the player to experience something new while not feeling like their previous lessons were wasted.  The story is surprisingly deep, even if it feels a little rushed from the player's perspective.  Overall, even at full price, it’s a great buy if you like platform/puzzlers.  On sale, it’s a definite buy for anyone wanting something different and new, that won't eat too much time."
,Recommended,224460,14740148,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Tie-Wearing Moon,"It was a pleasant ride.The story was nothing revolutionary, the gameplay was somewhat original, but mostly well implemented, the soundtrack is great, though some SFX weren't exactly top notch, the story is a bit short, though i did not expect much on that point. The most notable downside is the lack of polishing, which can be felt through the entire experience. It's not enough to cause frustration, but it can annoy the more nitpicky players.Overall I recommend this game, mostly for its soundtrack and visual style, but it's a fun little gem in the rough that you can book in an evening."
,Recommended,224460,15922359,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Rain Temptress,"Extremely fun, would highly recommend.  My only problem was that it is shorter than I would have hoped."
,Recommended,224460,13482395,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Fatcat564,"A short, but beautifully amazing game with innovative mechanics.  I loved every minute of it!"
,Recommended,224460,13793957,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,PugPaladin,"Great game, really beautiful, and a really interesting concept. The gameplay is a little sensitive, and I had a much harder time playing without a gamepad. My advice is get it- only if it's on sale. It doesn't have much replay value, and the game is over so quickly that it's a little shocking- right when you think things are really going to set off- they're ending. Overall, great game, unique characters, fun gameplay, just far too short."
,Recommended,224460,13797939,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,mecart,"Great idea, so-so execution.The story starts a little mysterious but quite interesting... then you get like 3 or 4 fill-in levels that go a little off the storyline for the sake of gameplay... then the story gets interesting again, you feel like you're at the middle of the story and see things that hint that the mysteries will be solved towards the end... and then the game ends.Took 6 hrs to finish it, and I found almost all the collectibles. It's worth about 7USD, not more."
76561198072644614,Recommended,224460,13816364,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,sdonn23,A beautiful game! i just wish the game lasted longer and there was more chapters!:)
76561198113528377,Recommended,224460,13818944,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,littlemisslis,The story is amazing. The platform puzzles are worth it for the story
76561198086863981,Recommended,224460,13675756,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Syiphorous,an amazinly well made game. the gameplay is smooth and the story is very well done.now only if there is a second game >.>
76561198025238891,Recommended,224460,15699633,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Mista FraggadeliX,"I had a lot of fun playing Contrast. Great atmosphere, a story line with real heart and most of all a truly original game mechanic: Switching from the 'real' world to the shadows in order to manipulate the environment and solve the puzzles.Cons: Controls can be hit and miss at times, it was rather short: I finished it under 5 hours and it wasn't as if I was rushing."
,Recommended,224460,13978827,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,HellRazer,"This is a very fun game in my opinion. The story line is easy to follow and there are surprising elements during each section of the game. Some of the puzzles are very intricate and hard to figure out at first.The only downside to this game is that it is pretty short. I beat it within a normal sitting, however, it was a lot of fun. I would definitely recommend this game to those who like puzzles and weird abilities."
,Recommended,224460,14096902,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Eliza ♥,"A really cool concept and I liked the story... Sort of. Didn't play all the way through but the puzzles were pretty cool. Nothing too hard, nothing too easy. Worth £3-6 maybe, I dunno."
76561198037146748,Recommended,224460,14104341,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,John Doe,"I love the aesthetics of this games. It feels so refreshing and at the same time old. The music is very good too. The gameplay itself is simple... It's easier to get stuck on some plataform section than not figuring out the solution to a given puzzle. I got a little bore with the gameplay near the end, because of the simplicity of the puzzles, but the rest kept me going.The animation of the models feels a little like a 1990's game but get pass that and you have a (short) good experience."
,Recommended,224460,14267308,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Torsten,"Contrast is a puzzle platformer that combines 3D and 2D gameplay to its problems, while telling a story of a family going through a crisis in a 1920's dreamlike bohemian Paris. Mixed with the story are some fantasy mysteries of other realities and a tiny bit of film noir gangsters. To top it all the game has pretty nice, if fairly short, soundtrack with some sultry jazz.The game lacks some depth, hardly any of the mysteries introduced are explained, and game mechanics could have used some tweaking. Despite that, Contrast is a nice short little game with a unique setting and interesting ideas that could carry on for some deeper exploration. For its regular price the game is short, but it is something to consider if one is after a light puzzle platformer."
,Recommended,224460,14270500,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Compadre,"One of the best platformers. Love the whole idea of shifting and the whole ""shadow world"" concept. Really great game and intriguing storyline."
,Recommended,224460,7673662,"Posted: 16 November, 2013",all,BlackSquid,"I'm as far as ACT1 as of typing. Really good game, and looks amazing, but the puzzles do seem quite easy, and it feels like I'm playing a platformer designed for kids so far, but it's really good."
76561197972270736,Recommended,224460,14353986,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Colonel Kreitz,"Not perfectly polished, but great style and atmosphere with unique platforming aspects."
76561198142732222,Recommended,224460,14437199,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,lsxxzyzt,"Interesting, unique gameplay with a fantastic art style.  Music fits the tone perfectly.   Surprisingly good story as well, with well done voice acting.  I beat it in just under 3 hours, and that includes finding all collectibles and achievements, so it's a bit short.  Like the original Portal, though, being short isn't bad, as it doesn't overstay it's welcome at all.  It's not especially challenging, so I would highly recommend it if you're looking for a relaxing and pleasant way to spend an afternoon (Especially if it's on sale)."
76561198037523271,Recommended,224460,14453662,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,Allyah,"Pros-Graphics-Music-Concept (Moving between the real world and the shadow world)-When you die, you are respawned almost directly in front of the part of the puzzle you died onCons-Sometimes awkward camera angles/turning-Linear, hand-holding story-Feels like it should have had more content for the story it was trying to tell-Not the best saving/checkpoint systemFor this most part, this game plays like an action/puzzle side-scroller while allowing you to move through the story and from puzzle to puzzle in a 3-D world. I'm not a fan of side-scrolling games but I would buy this particular game again for the concept alone."
,Recommended,224460,14459259,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,thepunkypoet,"In love with this game, I recommend it 100%, the music, the artwork, the storyline, it's truly is a beautiful game."
,Recommended,224460,14474664,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,Sonar,"The platforming is not exact, but if you got any enjoyment out of American McGee's Alice, particularly if you loved the atmosphere and visual style then this game is definatly worth checking out."
,Recommended,224460,14470075,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,The Weredragon,"+ I fell in love in Dawn's face every time i see her in closeup and in fact she was the first spark of interest to the game.+ Nice atmosphere and music. All about plays of lights and shadows. Literally.+ Story is simple and mature. It is like a nice evening (french) movie watching it on comfy couch with your lover.- Story is also as long as evening movie.- Animation in cut-scenes seems stiff like wooden puppets.- Control is sometimes clumsy. Sometimes it looks ridiculous jumping several times into walls.- Pillars will kick you out of shadow realm which is annoying.Although the technical side of the game is not perfect, the artistic side is deep and good looking and the main character's charm is so glaring it outshines bust of Lara Croft's."
,Recommended,224460,11090073,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,fraterormus,"A dark noir atmospheric tale set in the 1920s that is reminiscent of the Dark Horse graphic novel ""Misty Circus"" or many other tales of this genre inspired by Neil Gaiman or the ""Beautiful Stories for Ugly Children"" series. Every aspect about the game is wonderfully enchanting, from the sad storyline of a broken family and child neglect, the beautifully rendered graphics, to the melodic soundtrack. This game successfully transports you to and immerses you in a world of wonder.The mechanics are simple, crossing between a 3d world to a 2d platformer by using light and shadows. The puzzles aren't overly challenging, and neither is the platforming, nor is it necessarily a walk in the park. It's challenging enough to make you feel proud of yourself when you quicly come up with a solution, but not so challenging that you ever get frustrated.Many complaints about this game stem from there not being a tutorial, which IMHO would have ruined the allure of exploring a unqiue world. The only other complaints others have voiced is about bugs which must have been fixed because my playthrough was flawless and entirely bug-free. Pesonally, the only complaint I had about the game is that it is too short and left me wanting more!A word of warning: It can get a little dusty if you take the time to examine the collectibles in the game which may threaten your FPS machismo. You may want to keep your handkerchief nearby if you do."
,Recommended,224460,11105890,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,RunchRanda,"This game got me hooked since the day I saw the trailers. It's incredible, fun, smart, emotional and... there's the music. I can easily say I passed twice the time I spent playing the game just listening to the song from the menu.Even though I think the story is short, I wouldn't change a thing. And I'm already waiting for a sequel!"
,Recommended,224460,11171963,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Mike,"After playing this game - yes, I did enjoy it. Really was challenging getting my head around how to use the shadows some times to enable me to move forward. Which after you've played it a bit, you may come to understand as well! But once you've got your head around the play mechanisms a lot of the puzzles are solveable without transforming a nice sleek head of hair into a patchy bald mess! On top of that the French/Circus/ somewhat Gothic graphic style is very attractive and the music and storyline work very well together to create quite a good game! Be interested to see what this studio produces next..."
,Recommended,224460,11055575,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,JakeRay,"Jazz. Noir. Adventure. Just my kind of game.It would almost be a sin not to try this out. Though it is a bit short, that is its only weakness. Everything else like atmosphere, puzzles and story is brilliant. While it's a very linear game, you do have the ability to explore and experience all kinds of stuff without failing the quests. Also, the few failures that does happen isn't bad. Sometimes, an achievement comes from failure.I do admit, I shed a little tear. Or two."
,Recommended,224460,11056529,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Arbutus,"This was a very intriguing game! It was very atmospheric and mysterious, as you play a character who can both run in the physical world and change into a shadow. The puzzles are very difficult sometimes, but the story and the fun made up for it."
76561198080345314,Recommended,224460,11110635,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Misszaius,"A bit of a short game for the price. However, I got it on sale and I definitely do not regret it. As soon as I saw it I added it to my wishlist. The art is beautiful, the music is fantastic (if you enjoy the sort of jazz genre), and the gameplay is really unique and interesting. The voice acting is actually quite good as well. All in all, I really did enjoy this game, but it probably isn't for everyone."
76561198034392042,Recommended,224460,11790233,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Seth_Slax,"Although the game is dreadfully short, it introduces an interesting mechanic.While the storyline is a tad forced, it doesn't distract too much from the gameplay. I'd like to see a sequel, or at least some free DLC."
,Recommended,224460,7670212,"Posted: 16 November, 2013",all,Adrina,Charming little game with with a nice little heart-warming story combined with 2D/3D platform puzzels. Not extremely challenging though and it is a very short game; but fun and interesting. The scenes are beautiful and twisted with a nice atmosphere.
,Recommended,224460,12016272,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Supervisje,"Just the artstyle will make this game worth playing, the enviroment is amazing and just walking around is cool. Mix that with the awesome ""thinking with shadows"" mechanic ( that is kind of stolen from portal, but who cares) and you don't even care anymore that the game is slightly short."
76561198017019871,Recommended,224460,12494432,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Greyman,"Contrast is pretty. It's creative, easy to follow, and a lot of fun. I enjoyed it, and felt the $4 I paid for it was worthwhile.What it isn't... is long. It's much akin to a piece of delicious cake, that lasts for one bite. I'm by no means a platforming genius, but I was still able to clear it in about 6 hours; meaning that those more adept could probably do it in 4.So, enjoy that delicious cake for the one bite you'll get; then move on. :)"
76561198015282817,Recommended,224460,12495687,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,King Canada,"Great game, worth playing again. Music is beautiful, artwork is unique and funky and just a great game overall."
,Recommended,224460,12496243,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Janio,"First of all, I'm very exigent, and always looking for an original and high quality game. That said, I love Contrast!It's a game like no other, with a cool twist, playing in 3D and 2D in the shadows, with intelligent puzzles, platform action, excelent art, graphics, musics, sounds, story. Everything was made with passion in Contrast. The 1900 setting is amazing too.The only complain I have to make is that the control could be a bit more fine tuned, and the length could be a little longer (well, a movie ticket is more expensive), but that is only minor flaws in the amusement of this game/art.Play it."
76561198099781360,Recommended,224460,12496924,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Calderweiss,"A beautiful, charming puzzle platformer with some clever extra dimensional game mechanics.Pick it up if you can."
,Recommended,224460,12500684,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Pastulio,Metacritic: 62 :( .... This game deserves better!!Sure the controls could have been better (play it with a controller not maus+keyboard) but;- The atmosphere is awesome (great desighn and sound)- The story is enthralling- and the puzzles are mostly fun. (not too hard but not too easy)overall a good game :)
76561198140374868,Recommended,224460,12605197,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,maria114a,"The gameplay itself is a bit buggy, but it's worth buying on sale. Beautiful atmosphere, cute story, great voice acting and music. It's a generally clever game that uses the play itself as a metaphor."
,Recommended,224460,12606820,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,AnotherMemory,"Amazing game! Not only do you get to explore a nice French 1932 environment with some interesting achievements, you get to run along walls and use the light and shadows to your advantage. Can't reach that high up balcony? Shift the light around until shadows form for you to walk on. Simple, short, but so much fun!Does this game have downsides? Yes, it does, but nothing much to make you stop playing. For one, this game is fairly short, only three acts. I played 8 hours and got all the collectibles and achievements. And I'm not even too great at platformers. Also, as demonstrated in the trailer, the little girl you with helps you along the shadows by holding up a stick. Sadly (SPOILER), that is the only time that happens. I think they could've used that mechanic better.Still, I'd say this game is a definate must-buy, if you can get it on a discount. 8/10, mostly because of flawless gameplay, beautiful art-design and great jazzy music."
76561198050601102,Recommended,224460,12455779,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Jincks,"A short but brilliant, multi-layered game.  Not too hard, not too easy, with a beautiful soundtrack and very good voice acting.  I dont want to spoil anything for you, so suffice to say, even if you miss the sale, you should pick up this enchanting, hauntingly strange little number."
76561198075348048,Recommended,224460,12638976,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,alikaba,"I read many of the negative reviews here and agree that the controls could be more precise, but I never found it frustrating. Compared with the greates action puzzles games of all times (IMHO Portal/Portal 2), it is not very difficult and relativly short. But I bought it mainly for my 10 year old son, so the difficulty is adequate, and I admire the very idea of the game, the dense atmosphere and the affectionately drawn environment of it.If you like not to difficult puzzling games with a inventive game mechanics, this should be in your collection."
76561198102898204,Recommended,224460,12657789,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,MartinCYoung,"This game is quite, quite lovely. The game mechanic is nicely woven into the story and the conceit about why the streets appear empty is consistent with the rest of the game and story. Not one of the characters is annoying whilst the collectables are pointless but very cute.It's almost an Art Game but lacks the self-congratulatory ♥♥♥♥♥♥isms of something like Limbo, or the sixth-form angst of Dear Ester. It is, in short, a precious shining gem of a game: a small story (in a good way) with no shooting, no hitting, and no rock music. It's also short, easy and glitchy, but worth every forced restart.Most importantly unlike every other game released in the last ten years, no zombies. Hooray!"
,Recommended,224460,16517459,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Fernando,"This game has a great premise, you play as a charater named Dawn, who can shift from back and forth into a shadow form in order to solve puzzles.I enjoyed the game simply because of the setting, music and because I was very interested to know more about Dawn's backstory. Although, the first problem with this game is that it's incredibly short for the price of $14.99. Even while taking my time with the puzzles, taking time to absorb my surroundings and collecting all of the collectibles it took me 3 hours to finish. Following up on this reason, it has no replayability. My final gripe with this game is that *spoilers*the very end of the game sets it up as though they were going to make a sequel to go more into the world of contrast (Which is the bare reason why I wanted to play this game) but they don't which is why I feel like they rushed this game out the door.I'm split between recommending this game or not. As a full priced game I would not recommend it but for a very generous discount I would."
,Recommended,224460,16519737,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Naz,"Contrast is a linear game, with lots of platforming and puzzle elements that tie together very well with your shadow shifting abilities. If you're looking for a game with great story that you can just sit and finish in 3-4 hours, this is the game for you.The game is so pretty. The noir style art work is great and ties in really well with the story and setting. The world design is fantastic. If you prefer to take your time, take some screenshots, there's plenty to see. The story is so well written with a surprising ending as well as a hidden storyline that hints at past events. The most interesting part of the game, in my opinion, was the fact that everyone is a shadow. You never see their faces, only Didi's who is the main character. You can't interact with any character directly, yet you can manipulate their shadows to help you achieve objectives. All that has made for a wonderfully atmospheric game that you can really immerse yourself in.On the downside, if you're looking for a game you can play over and over again, skip this game. It's a sit through and play once type of thing. Also, controller highly recommended."
76561198047338579,Recommended,224460,16492714,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,FartherAway,"Overall I really enjoyed this game.Pros:-Great artwork-Neat puzzles-Slightly creepy, interesting atmosphere-Very interesting subplotCons:-It's not always clear what forces you out of the 2d world, which can make a few of the puzzles quite frustrating-Subplot is only briefly (very briefly) explored in the third act - would have loved to expand on it just a little more."
,Recommended,224460,16494063,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,AzothStorm,"Bought this on SaleThe game is amazing and I love the overall idea of the game itelfThe artstyle of the Time era is amazingThe story is extremely amazing and well thought out and if you pay attention it really makes you think about things.My only complaint is its not long enough and there could be so much more to the game,Besides that the game is worth the price you pay for it."
,Recommended,224460,16494318,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Xerodom,Vote for hipsters
76561197981766656,Recommended,224460,16502188,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,oppossing,Like Bioshock with puzzle.And if you are artist.You can't miss this game.
,Recommended,224460,16504004,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Cyril,"It's far from a flawless game. It's about 3 hours long. There's not much replayability. The collectibles aren't very hidden and the achievements are easy. The controls are a bit clunky and the level design isn't great. Really, though, this game is more about the experience than the gameplay, and on that level, it's certainly good. It's not a grand, epic tale, it's a personal one for the characters, with a bit of backstory for the characters and a few twists hidden in the collectibles. There's a lot of neat touches in the game world, too, that I found really enjoyable and interesting. There's not a lot to be said about this game without spoiling it, honestly. I had one big issue with it though, a puzzle at the start of the third act that's... kinda terrible. But ehh. I liked this game! Would've liked to have a bit more of it than we got. I don't think it's a game worth its asking price, honestly, but I'm not the best judge of that."
,Recommended,224460,16505370,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Jericho East,"The pros:- The story is fantastic, and the voice acting is well done. The main character, Didi, is particularly good considering her age- The music creates a wonderful atmosphere, and the world is creatively put together. There are fascinating details throughout, that make you want to explore every nook and cranny- The platforming is clever, and for the most part the mechanics work. A few hiccups here and there, but usually there are work-arounds if you're patient enoughThe cons:- It doesn't say a controller is mandatory, but it should. You should be able to get through the first Act with just a mouse and keyboard, but after that it becomes more challenging. A controller will give you the freedom to maneuver that you're looking for.- Exploration is all but banned. Step too far to get a good look at something and a solid road may actually cause you to fall through the world. There's a lot of hand-holding, particularly in the quest objective that you can never remove from the screen. This is a pity, because it's tempting to take a lot of beautiful screenshots, but you can't without ""Follow Didi"" and ""Go back and meet Didi"" being scrawled on the upper right-hand side almost constantly.- There are few save points, no checkpoints, and no manual saves. This means that if you break a puzzle (it's possible) then resetting from the last save may put you behind a couple hours' worth of work, forcing you to do conquered puzzles over again.Overall, though, this very a very good game and very imaginative. Since the developers plan to make another game (though not a sequel) it will be interesting to see what they have in store."
,Recommended,224460,8263951,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,luckydog32,"Contrast has you swapping between 2d and 3d platforming on the fly as your character has the ability to meld into walls with high ""contrast"" lighting. Shadows become navigable platforms that allow you to reach places other wise inaccesible. As you can imagine this creates some interesting puzzles involving moving objects around in 3d space to create your own path way from shadows. The puzzles throw a few monkey wrenches in to try to keep the mechanic from getting stale, but cant maintain the same sense of accomplishment in discovering new way of thinking for the entire 4-5 hour experience.The story does a good job at keeping you interested in the game. You follow a girl and her ""imaginary"" friend as they try to piece together her parents failing relationship. It takes a bit of a weird turn towards the end but it doesn't ruin the rest of the game.It's worth a look if your into platformers at all. Even with the market seemingly flooded with them this one has enough original ideas to float above the rest."
76561197973766267,Recommended,224460,8319687,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Air Walker,"A good experience from beginning to end. The music and art style of the game is probably what sold it to a lot of people and it is endearing as is the voice actor for the young girl.There are some frustrating moments with the gameplay where it does seem a bit janky and encountered a couple of glitches which required a reload of a chapter but overall still very enjoyable and nice to see some experimentation with new platform mechanics.Story was good and leaves you wondering about certain points during the game even if some small parts come across as cliche the fresher parts more than make up for it. Overall I'd say it's worth the time and money for it, it's fairly short running at 4 hours for full completion but I don't feel short changed and hopefully there'll be a further game following the possible success of this one."
,Recommended,224460,7698336,"Posted: 19 November, 2013",all,Squizzolo,"Brevissimo, ma bellissimo :)"
,Recommended,224460,8322616,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Malkuth,"Rating 8/10Contrast is an interesting little platformer. Taking place in a 1920's setting it uses the setting to make for some great songs and soundtrack. The singer they picked for this was definitely the right choice. The gaming mechanic for this game is that the main character, Dawn, can turn into a shadow person along a wall. They use this very well and it never feels like mechanics are taking a backseat to the progression of the story or that the mechanics are being shoe-horned in.If I had any complains it would be that the game is too short. It didn't take me very long to finish the game with most of the collectibles. That was the only thing that disappointed me. There could of been build up to conclusion to the game's story at the ver least. I would definitely say it's worth the price for anyone who doesn't mind a short, but enjoyable game."
,Recommended,224460,8579913,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,hamburger,"Excellent puzlzle platformer with a good story and wonderful soundtrack. It's a lot of fun. The real world/shadow world mechanic is a refreshing twist that adds some complexity to the puzzles.  It isn't a very long game, but for the price it is long enough. I'm hoping the dev's put out a Contrast 2 or add some more content with DLC's or something so I can play some more in that world."
,Recommended,224460,9328277,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,Justina,brilliant & clever!
76561197975161360,Recommended,224460,8728976,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Ian,"This was a great surprise, great story, interesting platforming, nice design.  Going in blindfolded is the best way to play this game, the less you know the better really.  Short and sweet, one of my favorite games of 2013."
,Recommended,224460,8732117,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Brandon,Pretty short and a bit buggy but overall pretty cool. I'd play a sequel.
76561198034552198,Recommended,224460,8733758,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Nebula,One of the best stories i've experienced in a while. Seriously pick up the collectables. The beautiful thing about the story is the collectables (which aren't too difficult to find) help you piece together different parts of the story and figure everything else before the mind-blowing conclusion.
,Recommended,224460,8739526,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,LiaraRaziela,"A cleverly made game. It has a few glitches but they are not worth taking into account given the quality of this game. This game makes you think, gives you the ability to manipulate your environment to your advantage, the story narratives are also cleverly constructed using shadows and lighting, so you have to keep a clear eye out for wherever its playing out. Highly recommendable, its retro-classy, amazing and puzzling :) Score 9/10. -1 for minor glitches."
76561198082399466,Recommended,224460,7672246,"Posted: 16 November, 2013",all,Sir Sapphire,"when i first saw this game on steam i was like ""wow! this looks just like my type of game i'll sure buy it!"" and so i did. the game is really really beautifyl but too short. i like everything like the main character the design and graphics and the abilities you posses.of course it has it's minor bugs like getting inside the texture of buildings (it happened like 2 times) so i give this game 9.5/10 the only problem being too short :) you should definitely check it out! :D"
76561198005640731,Recommended,224460,10860145,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Pinnelipe,"The atmosphere is beautiful with smokey dens, dirty streets, and bright spotlights.  Not to mention the music!  Kat has the voice of an angel and the curves of the devil, and it comes out in her tone and music.  I enjoy how the story is told, which is largely through the eyes of a child.  Children see things differently.  In their world, everything is possible.Fun puzzles, lovely world, and splendid storytelling.  This is one of my all time favorites.  My only complaint is that there isn't more of it!"
76561198025132336,Recommended,224460,11407874,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,ESS,"Enjoyed the story and the jazz soundtrack, as well as the shadow-based elements."
,Recommended,224460,10868870,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Electromistress,A very lovely game with an interesting premise and a lot of style. Wish it was longer.
,Recommended,224460,11014224,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,boegie,"this is one of my favorite puzzle games :Dwe play as imaginary character who can turn into 2D universe to help the little girl, Didi.and the other reason why i love this game, it has dark and sureal theme.its worth to buy the collector's edition, why? because you will hear cathcy tune from their soundtrack and awesome artwork."
76561198036958327,Recommended,224460,11011334,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,aarondangerous,One of the best Puzzle games ive ever played :). Only wish it was longer for such a fun experience it was.
,Recommended,224460,11297094,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Faylyn,"Although it only took me a few hours to play through, I thoroughly enjoyed this game. The characters are memberable, the environment incredibly detailed in a steampunk Alice in Wonderland style, and the music is superb. The main mechanic of the game - switching between physical 3D space and shadows 2D space is well done and an interesting mechanic to spend the game time fully wrapping your head around. Controller support is well mapped, if you prefer it.Save for a single annoying puzzle, I definitely recommend this for any platformer or story-based game fan."
,Recommended,224460,11466086,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Birdassasin,"+Great design+Awesome puzzle design (although storywise they can sometimes be lame)+OK story-Short-Voice acting may not be the bestIf you're willing to dish out 15€ for this, go nuts. I'd recommend picking it up on sale"
,Recommended,224460,11447653,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,M32James,"Great game, highly recommended!"
76561198073468663,Recommended,224460,9201248,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,moosefairy,visually stunning! great story! a little bit of glitches... but thats okay! seirously great game you need to buy this game!
,Recommended,224460,12459552,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,worlebird,"I'm going to recommend this game, but I will give a caveat - I bought it on a good sale, when it was under 4 bucks.  At that price, it's well worth it.  At full price... probably not.This is a nice little game, with a really fantastic concept - the idea of shifting in and out of a 2D shadow world, and solving puzzles by moving objects and lights in 3D in order to properly align their shadows in 2D is very clever.  The music and atmosphere is quite nice as well, and the voice acting is well-done.  The story is a little thin, but I can't complain too much about that.Now, the down sides.  First off, the game is quite short.  I completed it in just a few hours, and I'm sure many players could do it in even less time.  Also, the controls are a little... I don't know how to describe it, exactly.  Often, when working in the 3D world, the camera will drift a little oddly, and you end up running into a wall unintentionally.  In the 2D world, you find yourself occasionally falling out of the shadows for small things - bumping into the wrong shadow, jumping across a wall of a darker color.  Not consistently, and not enough to ruin the game, but enough to make it a little frustrating occasionally.  Control just doesn't always feel right.While there are some good puzzles, and the atmosphere is quite interesting, often it feels like the designers weren't quite sure what to do with the concept.  Finally, gameplay is interrupted far too often by cutscenes.  I understand the desire to tell the story, and to set the stage for each new area, but it is annoying when control is taken from you every 5 minutes or so.This review ended up seeming a lot more negative than I actually feel about the game.  As I said at the start, if you get it on sale for less that 5 dollars or so, I think it's worth it, if you enjoy casual puzzle games with a unique atmosphere.  Ultimately, though, I would love to see this concept fleshed out more in another game.  It's a great idea that this game just couldn't quite do justice to."
,Recommended,224460,12455043,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,cuppscakes,"Contrast gets a hesitant thumbs up. It's a game that I'm dying to love, and while I completed it and did enjoy parts of it... it's hard to say I loved it. But it might be worth your time and money. Read on...On its surface, the game has a lot going for it: the art style is superb, the ""phase shift"" gimmick is really neat, and the storyline is decently interesting. The game, for a short experience, builds a nice little world and it does a solid job of make you invested in the characters. Also, the music is fantastic.However, a couple minor issues and one major issue gum up the experience. First, the game took me just over three hours (which included a few chunks of paused game) to complete, in its entirety. That means every achievement. I think I spend more time hunting down Easter eggs in Gone Home, frankly.Secondly, while the story segments are good, there's seemingly as much or more of them than gameplay. Especially early on, when the story is trying to establish itself, you walk ten feet and cutscene. Walk ten more, cutscene. Walk outside, another cutscene. I wanna play!Also, and this may just be me, but the ""phase shift"" gimmick was never used to its full potential. There are a few moments where you do something really cool, and everything falls in place, and it feels great. But those moments are more rare than they ought to be. Most of the puzzles or silly in their simplicity, which some of the tougher ones being more about fighting the way shadows work rather than being brain benders.And lastly, this is the big one. The controls... aren't great. If you're in shadow and run out of a space, you pop out. But it doesn't always work consistently. And collision detection is off at times. Also, I died a number of times when I didn't phase in like it was supposed to.At a couple of the later puzzles (the rotating wall in particular), I felt like I spent more time fighting the controls and shadow detection, as opposed to the puzzles. And felt myself pulled out of the story due to frustration.Now I know, that's a laundry list of problems. But most of them are because the premise and setting were so good... I wanted more. I wanted more puzzles, more areas to explore and more stuff to do. I got it on sale for just a couple bucks, and frankly am glad I'd waited. For a few bucks, it was a nice diversion over the weekend that left me ultimately satisfied.But for full price, for those easily frustrated or for those expecting a long, polished experience. Maybe watch a Let's Play and pass. So as stated above, I give this one a very cautious thumbs up, with a big ol' asterisk next to it."
,Recommended,224460,12455251,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,korarii,"Contrast’s story is engaging, fun, and well-executed. The 3D/2D switching is great, making puzzles interesting."
76561198094323568,Recommended,224460,12456179,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Salty McSaltySalt,"It's been a pleasure playing this game, but it has its flaws.First, the bad notes: there are many tiny imperfections in the game that could be removed with little work, but in the context sound like a bad note in the symphony. Many times while moving in the shadows I was pushed out with no reason, like when passing over a semi-column in the lab; in many sections you can catch Didi in a T-pose, and even Dawn's position when using the umbrella is clearly a T-pose with an umbrella, and that really ruined the atmosphere.But the game itself, especially for being a small production, is really good and enjoyable. The story is fascinating and, even if not the most suspence-filled noir plot, keeps you playing even just to know what's gonna happen. Deep characters and very nice voice-acting, the light-shadow system has it's flaws but its overall is quite good and fun. I bought the collector edition and I'm happy I did so, because the OST is very very nice. Finally, the way the game slowly shifts in a surrealist note is, at least for me, simply beautyful.Maybe €15 are too many, but I recommend this game. You'll learn eventually that, if you stop demanding for extreme graphics and gory shootings, and start enjoying the little things, this game has a lot to offer."
76561198037461108,Recommended,224460,12456236,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,crchan23,"I love the atmosphere, the art style, the music, the characters.  The core game mechanical is interesting, but did get annoying at times.  The story is interesting, but never really pays off.  Great setup, subpar finish.  Anyway, it's a small developer.  So, I definitely cut them some slack.  You can tell there were several iterations of the story and they included pieces that don't entirely work together.  That said, the story is pretty good, if a bit disjointed.  Overall, I would recommend this game.  It definitely held my interest while I was playing it."
76561198067420779,Recommended,224460,12459095,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Rezorathor,This was a surprisingly good game with a strong enough story and a fun mechanic. The puzzle bits don't feel super fluid but aside from that this game is a pretty fun piece of art with some very apparent talent behind its making. 9/10
,Recommended,224460,12618737,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Camillion,"Gorgeous game! I loved the soundtrack, the aesthetics, and the whole concept! Each puzzle is very unique and some are pretty difficult, so the game never got repretitive and stayed interesting. Admittedly, the controls are a little clunky during some puzzles, but it isn't so bad that any puzzle is impossible to complete. You may just have to die or fall a few times before you can get it just right. The game only runs about 4 or 5 hours from start to finish, plus a little more if you have to replay a few chapters to complete all of the achievements. For the relatively short game length, the story is actually very well developed; however, the focus is obviously the puzzles and not story-rich content, so don't expect anything too in-depth.All in all, I was very impressed!"
,Recommended,224460,12577588,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Ducain,"Great game!  This game is a story-rich, highly stylized, puzzle platformer.  It's main mechanic is changing from 3D platforming and shadow shifting into 2D platforming (as well as using the shadows to move things like boxes and balls that you also shift into the 2D shadow world).  It tells the story of a little girl and her doting father and mother (as well as a quirky magician) as the doting father tries to win his way back into his mother's graces (with you and the daughter's help).I really enjoyed the mechanics.  Although they are spotty and inconsistent sometimes (but they did this all with the Unreal Engine, which is amazing work in my opinion), but the vast majority of the time they work perfectly fine.  The music is great too!  If you like ""video games as art,"" this is definitely one of them."
,Recommended,224460,12579006,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,kanamin,Short and sweet. Felt a bit gimmicky but I enjoyed it. So many unanswered questions though.
,Recommended,224460,12590537,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Biscuitrat,"Quick and easy, but it has its own share of charm. The puzzles were all fairly simplistic. If you're decent at platformers and you don't mind experimenting, you'll probably beat this game in a few hours. But those few hours were well worth the $3 I spent to kill some time in a film-noir-meets-circus adventure in light and shadow."
,Recommended,224460,11482824,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Silhouette1227,"Contrast is almost more of a piece of art than a game. The world and setting are intriguing. The story is engaging and told in a unique way.  The puzzles are challenging and interesting. I wish it was longer!  My main complaint is the jumping doesn't feel quite right.  However, I think overall the developers of Contrast excelled in creativity and artistry."
,Recommended,224460,25082988,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Daednevar,"short version: fun platformer, really neat concept that needed work, decent story with a little depthlong version: idk what i expected when i picked this up. it looked very different, and it honestly was. the trailers are very misleading in how fast paced the game is. you'll want to take things slow unless ur speedrunning it. i enjoyed myself though, it was sort of challenging but retained something that was just right to keep me going. the whole phasing in and out of the shadows was honestly something i havent seen before and i thought it was very original, but it needed work. it also only really worked when the game wanted it to work. being able to go in and out of the shadows told you there was something to do. normal lights wouldnt actually let you go into walls and such, i thought that would've been a nice extra addition, just being able to phase into walls and not always knowing if i need to get something from there. as for the story, it was nice, i cared about what happened to people, why ____ happened, how important is he, how does the person im playing have powers and stuff. the answers are there, but you just have to look.but yea, decent game, play at ur leisure"
76561198077378264,Recommended,224460,25177252,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Sorenn,I think this game is really excellent.  I enjoyed the backstory and it was fun solving the puzzles.  It will take four to six hours to complete depending on how concerned you are about the achievements.  The 3D rendered environment is truly beautiful and the music suits the setting.  The shadow shifting concept is pretty cool.  I bought this game on sale and it was worth every penny. I give it 9 out of 10.  I will definitely take a look at |We Happy Few|.
76561197999664164,Recommended,224460,25131883,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,nightcat,"The keyboard controls will get you out of your mind.But there are some touching, magical moments in this game; I actually consider it to be a piece of art. If only the controls were less frustrating...Buy it if you enjoy short, story-driven, artistic (puzzle) games."
76561198174173295,Recommended,224460,25166908,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Insanity4000,"I really love this game...Okay it may have some small issues is it sometimes looks a bit unfinished. But if you look through these issues you can really enjoy the beautiful art, the fun of switching between 3D and 2D and the lovely story."
76561197995379773,Recommended,224460,25502703,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,manicxs,"This is a puzzle game pure and simple, with a sappy story I loved. Solid game play. A bit shy of a masterpiece but still good none the less."
76561198077532130,Recommended,224460,25454354,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Crimzyn,"This game has some of the most unique and amazing mechanics I have seen in a game in a long time. The developers were thoughtful and show insight without shoving everything in your face. The game is amazing. A tad short, but marvelous."
,Recommended,224460,26299223,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Nekurakodoku,Contrast is a very awesome game. The storyline is well written and the voice acting is very good. I would recommend this game to anyone who wants to just enjoy a game and nothing more. My four yr old son enjoyed it as he watched me play and it kept his and mine intrest till the end. The controls are very good and nothing much I could stay to improve them. I have nothing else to say because it was a very enjoyable break from wandering the wastelands.
76561198007315875,Recommended,224460,26302927,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,chocolatelips,"Shortly, but very genius game. I love it. <3"
76561198044082859,Recommended,224460,26307547,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,ed_ulisespz,"Such a cute little game.Short?, yesworth it?, absolutely.Pick it up in sales, play it when you are relaxed and you will experience a really good story whit some interesting puzzles.I hope the developers are proud of his work and I wish them well in their future games."
,Recommended,224460,25701907,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Mike,"I'm having a hard time recommending this one.Cons:- Feels a bit unpolished- Controls can Bea bit tricky at times,the protagonist pops in the non-shadow worldNeutral:- A bit short, for the price- SimplePlatforming- Mediocre storyPros:- Beautiful design- Short enough to not get dull and repetative- Noir settingAll in all I'd say wait for a sale and get it, if you like the art design and you're at least somewhat into puzzle platformers."
,Recommended,224460,25639466,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Aberlure_EK,"Great concept, great visuals... but is it worth its price?Contrastis a fun single player Platformer with the great concept ofswitching between 3D and 2D. At one moment you wander around in the colourful yet desaturated noir style world, when you have to plunge into the nearest wall to let your shadow finish a certain puzzle. For me, the visuals, and the way certain parts of the game are changing throughout the level was pretty cool.While providing2-3 hours of gameplay(depending on how skilled you are as well as how much time you spend exploring), Contrast tells the story of the girl Didi Malenkaya. In the 3 acts provided, the player gets to play as Dawn - Didis imaginary friend - and learns a bit about their past as well as discovers new details about Didi and her family's past. While not being the most complex of stories ever told, it's still an interesting tale that gets completed by gethering collectibles throughout the levels.Thepuzzle and platformingelements themself are pretty well executed but sometimes lack of difficulty. I do know, that Contrast was not intended to be an overly difficult game, yet some parts seemed just too easy, while some had the perfect mixture of difficulty in figuring out what to do and actually doing so. Sadly, like in many other games, there were one or two plain frustrating parts in the game, when the objective was figured out quickly, but the execution took a lot of time because of ""bad"" level design or more often bugs.As just mentioned,bugswere one of the only negative aspects of the game. While (most of them) most of them were not game breaking, they were pretty constitant throughout the game. By that I mean, wierd clipping through walls (that can be performed on purpose to get some stuff earlier), gettig shot out of the wall when being in 2D or getting stuck in places you shouldnot reach. For me, especially the Pirate Cove part was a bit of an issue as I got stuck in some of the ships placed throughout the level several time withozut being able to get out again. Because of this I had to repeat the level three times, as Checkpoints are sometimes set a bit weirdly.While being a bit short and having some minor flaws that could be fixed ""easily"", 10$ might seem a bit pricy, but in my opinion, when bought on sale, Contrast is a great gaming experience, if not for just it's Shadow Puppet part and general visuals alone.7/10"
76561198002332031,Recommended,224460,25704288,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Billy the Kid [DG],Great game and extremly fun. Really insteresting idea of gameplay.
,Recommended,224460,25758078,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,Revatha,I loved this game. So much fun to play! The music a great and so are the graphics. I would reccomend this game if you are into puzzle/platform games.
76561198263493572,Recommended,224460,25734927,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,TheDocTor,"/Bioshock + Talos Principle + Limbo = Contrast.Amazing attention to detail, Contrast sets itself apart from almost all the other puzzle games. The nod to Bioshock and Limbo was beautiful!The devs clearly care about this game and it shows!"
76561198222351464,Recommended,224460,25939310,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,sandiego.ana,The story line is interesting enough for you to hunger for more. the controls are a bit iffy but they work.
76561198026280410,Recommended,224460,26393396,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Madame Mischief,This game is a great concept and very interesting in terms of the side plot the collectibles try to tell (main plot is super basic) it's also very short. With more time it could have been fleshed out more but I still recommend trying it cause it was interesting to play. Unfortunately some of the controls are a bit wonky which is the only thing that made gameplay unpleasant.
76561198036808281,Recommended,224460,26398449,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,jamescrab1,A fun platformer puzzle game.  Beautiful graphics and soundtrack.  Some light exploring in the small levels. Engaging story though it feels rushed at the end.  Can be 100% completed in 3.1 hours.
76561198030301555,Recommended,224460,26398633,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,V4p3 N4710N,A fantastic and beautifully stylized game. A joy to play through from start to finish. The only downfall this title as is its length. I just wish this game was longer.
,Recommended,224460,27272815,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,mashamoshpit,"This is one of those indie gem stars that flew by us. Heartbreaking AF, amazing immersive universe, unique gameplay, amazing soundtrack. I wanted more more more when it was done! I can't wait for what's next from Compulsion games."
,Recommended,224460,27176964,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,lord_chipps,"I think I picked this game up because it was cheap in a sale. Didn't play it for ages, but when I did get around to it I didn't regret buying it!I found the concept to be very unique and very well done and the art is pretty cool."
,Recommended,224460,7668323,"Posted: 15 November, 2013",all,Yani Yan,"Phenomenally Creative!  The puzzles are truly innovative and unique.  The storyline, characters & atmosphere all grab your attention and keep ahold of your interest throughout & exceptional as that may be the main standout had to be the music and vocal performances (especially the sultry vocal talents of Laura Ellis) which put this game at over-the-top enjoyment for me.  Give it a shot - it's well worth both the time & the price!"
76561198165404407,Recommended,224460,27360727,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Hax R Us,Stunning art direction and the whole use of shadows is an awesome game mechanic.
76561197987074376,Recommended,224460,27405956,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,DJglass,"Good puzzles, gorgeous scenes, unique story. What more could you ask for?"
,Recommended,224460,27388651,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,dinosaurpixie,"This game is a must play, one of the most unique puzzle games I've ever played. The shadow ability of Dawn is reminiscent of Portal where you must work with the walls to get to where you need to in the game. Yet, this game is different, as you often have to work with light in order to get the shadows to line up correctly and that's fun to figure out. The game is whimsical and the artwork is wonderful to explore. The way that the storyline is revealed also is well-thought out, as certain parts of the game start to make more and more sense -- why the world map looks a certain way, why Didi has an imaginary friend, etc."
,Recommended,224460,27313562,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,virhonestum,Very interesting game mechanics and great story
76561197964048806,Recommended,224460,26362356,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,PorkFriedLice,It's short but sweet. It has some blemishes but stays classy enough to enjoy and admire.
76561198291989444,Not Recommended,224460,25978223,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,Ice_Nine_666,"In contrast you play as a little girls imaginary friend as you go through her broken mind as she struggles to understand her relationship with her real father who doesn't want her and her father figure. First of all I really liked the story, concept, and setting. My real issue is in the gameplay, which is horrible. The game explains almost nothing and fails to do it through the level design, and leads to a LOT of hair pulling moments, and can be VERRY tedious. The autosave system is terrible and you will see yourself being punnished for having to quit and look for a walkthrough to find out what exactly you need to do. Either buy this game with a great discount or look up a lets play it's fairly short I got to the last act and my brother started a new game and I had to restart and it took me a little over 4 hours total. THere's a lot of better platformers out there that far surpass this. Cannot reccomend this to anyone though the story is good so just youtube it it's not exactly worth a play but the story is pretty memorable."
76561198112560956,Recommended,224460,26789063,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Colebalt,"Its a cute game, if a bit short.  The light and shadow mechanics are quite fun when done well.  The shadow puppet play was  particuarly entertaining when i got to it."
76561198051092833,Recommended,224460,26465043,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,shrekt,"Это просто прекрасно волшебно чудесно, такая красота, атмосфера каждой локации, чардиз, игра с тенями!А саундтрек так идеально подходит"
76561198046933829,Recommended,224460,26584520,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,joescoggins,"Pretty awesome game, I enjoyed the story though I did miss a couple things my first play through so i'll have to go again. Interesting and original concept."
76561198032956199,Recommended,224460,26827052,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Issac Brock,"An original concept that really caught my attention. I recommend this game based entirely on the fact that as far as I know, nobody has done anything like this before. The puzzles are fun and engaging and I like the graphics style. Even at full price it's a good game."
76561197962473519,Recommended,224460,26461537,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Caff,"Really nice puzzle game, lovely characers and a fascinating atmosphere.  Fairly short but in a good way."
76561198046012586,Recommended,224460,10679540,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,[ZvaAdW] Jud,"Stunning! Totally loved it! One of my all time favorites!--> Still amazing, the second time around! :)"
,Recommended,224460,26906745,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,ticuul,Great puzzle game.
76561198022186188,Recommended,224460,25681064,"Posted: 24 September, 2016",all,selambentolgi,"one of the best games I have ever played. the music, artistic graphics, genius gameplay and a very modern and emotional story makes this game a hit of success. highly recommended."
,Recommended,224460,25593710,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Hronych,"Beautiful and well executed story with relaxing gameplay. It ends right before it starts to be boring.Also, amazing art style and pleasant OST.Check this out, you won't regret it."
,Recommended,224460,25299117,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,Mrs.Zergling,"It took about 3 hours for a play through, but it had a good storyline and it's fairly unique with switching between 2D and 3D. The puzzles were just challenging enough where I wasn't bored but also wasn't tempted to look up the solution to them. I really enjoyed the art style and music as well. I picked this up during a sale, which I recommend (a bit too short for full price)."
,Recommended,224460,25625025,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Meiriana,I absolutely loved the artstyle and story of the game. Some elements and puzzles were a bit difficult to understand at first but thankfully not enough to destroy the gameplay. Definitely something I would reccomend for the puzzle/platform lovers out there though.
,Recommended,224460,25570974,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Big Boss,great indie with good puzzles and great soundtrack and a very good story
76561198116159993,Recommended,224460,25608276,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,TezziMonstah,Simply to put it Contrast is one of the best games I've ever played. The story is amazing and the way the collectables build a deeper background story made me collect all of them. The little puzzles are just challenging enough to keep you intrested and won't drive you crazy. The soundtrack is amazing and the main theme is so beautiful I could listen it for days!
,Recommended,224460,25610259,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,zhuxiong,"I thoroughly enjoyed this game, really quite compelling and had me addicted within the first 10 minutes of gameplay. I enjoyed the story aspect of the game as well as the puzzles and very much enjoyed jumping in and out of shadows! Could only wish for it to have been longer and an more in depth story so it could cary on a bit longer but other than that pretty perfect really. I'd recommend it to those who enjoy something that isn't so full on as shooting games."
,Recommended,224460,14518976,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,NeoAlyola,"Just finished the game, took me about 4 ish hours, i'm left with a feeling a little disapointed that there is not more! because i loved the story and the puzzle even though it was a little bit of a struggle :)Gimme more Contrast!!"
,Recommended,224460,27378467,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Kryzma,Unique game mechanics & lively environment. Highly recommend!
76561198064240880,Recommended,224460,24748064,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,michelle223c,I love this game it has a really good story and gameplay but i only wish the game was alittle longer
,Recommended,224460,24838711,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Petacraft,"Pretty interesting conceptRather short but an enjoyable lengthGreat insert song, suitable for the theme of the game.Beside Didi is a really sweet little girl."
76561198121718704,Recommended,224460,25064353,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Jabobomb,"Excellent game, a must have in your collection."
,Recommended,224460,23743502,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,RBeen,"Holy cow, this game is amazing. It's like Mario and The Prestige, with a side of Casablanca. The only downsides are some minor technical issues (Vsync doesn't really work, and there's no way to force borderless windowed mode), and its short length. I had the game alt+tabbed for a sizable length of time, and got stuck on some puzzles, but I still completed the game with every collectible and achievement in less than 6 hours.Seriously, this game is fantastic. You should play it."
76561198057715524,Recommended,224460,25042355,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,LegoEater94,Contrast is a very interesting game. I love the concept and art style. The only bad thing is that I got  a little motion sickness from all the moving around. Another thing was that I had to look up how to solve a couple puzzles :)
,Recommended,224460,25037638,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,Alpha,Fun cool game!
,Recommended,224460,24923599,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,H+,"The game lives up to the other reviews on the novelty it introduces and it was a pleasure to play as Dawn and merge/transit between both worlds and is a magical beauty to see such world rendered.As a true puzzle game you will find both puzzles in 3D and 2D, and why not: both :)Soundtrack is something quite good out of an indie game, albeit repetitive and small in its reporteur.Story is linear and with not to handle much surprises, perhaps best enjoyed by gathering all collectibles.Only a couple downsides for me:- Game physics engine: it really is a nag sometimes.Although the transition between 'universes' is crisp, elements in a scene can (and most likely will to you?) render the play frustrating at certain point.- Small game but from an indie production don't expect much. That said, the label price cam be quite hefty whilst I got my copy on Steam Sales and see the price adequate (instead of something nort of £8+).Overall: a good game. Play it if you can, a good experience and great concept.P.S. - Oh, I got the the soundtrack as well. This should really come standard with the game."
76561198322247258,Recommended,224460,24924029,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,zombiegurl 922,THE IS VERY BUGGED BUT IT IS VERY AWESOME
76561198156562531,Recommended,224460,22629871,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,TygerRose305,I LOVED THIS!!!  I am super into story games ant this one TAKES THE CAKE!  its beautiful and wierd.. sad and funny... interactive and frusterating AND easy.. A++++++++ i want a sequel BAD
76561198043124944,Recommended,224460,7695036,"Posted: 18 November, 2013",all,Cigwynn,"This is a game that sold me on the idea and with the music. I can honestly say I was very happy with my play through of it. It's a little buggy here and there, is pretty short, and isn't a hard game, but the story is something far easier to relate to than ""You're the last surviving member of comically-named bloodline and you have to stop The Abomination."" and the music is fantastically well done in my opinion.If you're worried about the ratings, $15 dollars isn't very much money and I recommend it whole heartedly."
76561198078559582,Recommended,224460,23062588,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Shredswithwheat,"A very unique puzzle/platformer with a heavy focus on the story. Using ""Link Between Worlds""-esque mechanics to switch between 3D and 2D environments, you set up platforms and climb your way up buildings using the shadows.It's a rather short game that you can play through in only a couple of hours, but if you're a sucker for a story, it's well worth it."
,Recommended,224460,18573069,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,BOT Bob,"Fun puzzle game that is not too challenging.  However, it's a little too short for my liking. Loved the story line, except for the ending.  Not that is was bad, just wished it had a little more to it. The soundtrack was nice. I think it's worth a try if you can catch it on sale"
76561198002967881,Recommended,224460,18575639,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,feargunner,"This game is amazing.It had me from the moment I booted up and felt that sweet jazz tune playing during the loading screen, and kept me with the unique mechanics, engaging story, and incredible atmosphere and graphics.9/10, would absolutely play the sequel, and I'd give it a 10 if it weren't for stuttery graphics at times. (And now I'm even more excited about 'We Happy Few'.)"
76561198001793912,Recommended,224460,18688103,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,notme_nothere,Nice mechanics. good idea and I enjoyed the plot. Quite short but worth the money
76561197978696270,Recommended,224460,18703120,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,3T =EGC=,"Overall Appeal - 5/5The premise of the game is fantastic. Being a character that only a child can see but still being able to change the real world is quite fun and amusing. The puzzles are not always straight forward... it's not always as easy as 2D vs 3D... sometimes you have to dig deep.Fun Factor -  4/5Can't really say much without giving it away. It was, at times, incredibly annoying. But no matter how much I hated it at the time I turned it off, I always came back.Replay Value - 1/5Unfortunatly, I believe this is one of the few areas where this game fails. Though the game is awesome, the only replay would be collectables missed in your previous playthrough.Presentation/Graphics - 4/5The game didn't make use of all the mechanics available to it... but that's okay... It wasn't meant to. It's done in a depression era art kind of way and is part of it's appeal. Fluidity of the transition between 2D and 3D was nice. The only complaints I had were that, at one point, an object I needed started floating above me where I couldn't reach it and had to reload and near the end, as I started to fall (to my death, I missed a ledge).... just stopped... couldn't jump, couldn't fall, couldn't move. Other than those two things, marvolous.Storyline - 4/5Don't get me wrong, the story in, and of, itself was absolutly flawless. I loved the backgroud (loved the ending even more). My only complaint is that it was too short. The game could have been a little longer (maybe 5-10 more hours of gameplay).Summary/Overall Score - 3.6 of 5Overall, a solid game. If I am to read the game correctly, I expect another. I do hope that, if true, the sequal will be a little more developed and incoorporate a longer storeyline, more gameplay, and an answer to the question thrown in our faces at the end. I would reccomend this, if only to help the developer to make a new one and continue this intriguing story."
,Recommended,224460,18917634,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,riveR,"Very short, but fun jump n run with an neat gameplay mechanic of using shadows as platforms, and a sweet, but at times suprisingly dark story, featuring two great main characters."
76561198034871877,Recommended,224460,8240421,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Dodds438,"Great concept; the soundtrack, evnviroment and storyline blended seamlessly, giving the illusion of acting out a book. Its achilles heel; the world is some what restrictive in size and like all good books over to quick."
76561197982655512,Recommended,224460,8376588,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Zhombi,"This is a very good game, lots of atmosphere and story.  The puzzels can be challenging at times, but so far they have not been anything I could not solve by stepping back and looking at a  few times."
,Recommended,224460,30457227,Posted: 11 March,all,yeehaw,"One of the best games I've played in the last year. Atmospheric, stunningly portrayed, and unique. I loved the aesthetics of the entire game, and the original jazz music (complete with sultry vocals) really makes this game shine. A short game, but a phenomenal one. Really leaves a mark. Highly recommend!"
76561198063008561,Recommended,224460,8347405,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,sediamh,I really loved contrast. Its the first game in a while that I felt like I couldnt stop playing. I loved that it wanst an attack everything in your way game. You had to use your mind and think about your next move. The only thing I dont care for is that its kind of a short game.
,Recommended,224460,8420557,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Mildly Awful,"Have so far only played it quickly, but the art, music, controls and the awesome shadow mechanics have won me over. I will be playing a lot more of this in the coming days."
,Recommended,224460,7933366,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Lich,"I really liked this game after all. I was specting more music during the gameplay, more life into the scenarios... but I can see that the game was made with heart in every place.The game is short, but it's worth the shot!"
,Recommended,224460,7896821,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,[MMAC] Cyzaine,"A fun, but flawed game, which never seems to quite live up to it's gameplay potential, but is worth it for the atmosphere, story, and sound track. Controls feel a bit looser than I like, and I've had some odd fall through terrain glitches that have persisted since the debut demo at PAX, but nothing frustrating enough to make you rage quit.Given more time and mods, it could be the next portal... but for now enjoy it for what it is. A fun platformer with a slightly under-explored gimmick, in an amazing world."
,Recommended,224460,8168980,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Kydnav,Nice puzzel game with a beautifull world. I played it for 5 hours total but that is the most you will ever need to complete the game. Storyline is good and de gamemechanics interesting.
76561198047043852,Recommended,224460,8169082,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,crys3p,"Fun like Portal in terms of puzzles, great idea of shadow use:x"
76561197996526397,Recommended,224460,7754884,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Shaiatan,"So... Contrast.The short version is this: great soundtrack, decent game, decent story, way too short and the ending is a bit rushed and predictable.The longer version is this: I personally really enjoyed the game.  The style of the game was really well done.  Some of the mechanics were interesting, such as using the shadows of people in conversation to reach a new location.  That said, the ending really did feel a bit rushed, and, assuming you find a few of the (extremely easy to find) collectibles, extremely easy to predict.  Would I recommend it?  For $15, definitely; I think I paid $20 for the pre-order + soundtrack, which I'm still okay with, considering I'm a sucker for this style of music and atmosphere.Anyway, if you've got $15 to spare, support some indie devs and give it a shot."
,Recommended,224460,7754894,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,who,"Pros:- Great platforming controls, both 2d and 3d.- Beautiful artstyle and graphics.- Interesting collectibles- Very fun to play.Cons:- It only took me 3 hours to beat the game, and I was only missing one collectible. (I hope theres some dlc plans)- The story can be lackluster overall, though it has it's moments.- Ran into a glitch at the carousel where I already activated the controls then left the area, and when I came back, it prompted me to put the luminaries into the controls, while it was already full. I couldn't turn back on the carousel, and was forced to restart the level.Overall, a really good game! I wouldn't say it's worth 14.99,  as it's only 3 hours long, but it'll be a good short experience!"
,Recommended,224460,7834427,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Penty,"Excellent story line, neat game mechanic.  My only complaint is it is on the simple side for experienced gamers.  Even with that I still recomend it."
,Recommended,224460,16607316,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,torneau42,"The concept of this game is very intriguing to me.  The story probably could have been fleshed out a bit more, and I do wish it could have gone on a bit longer (or possibly had mod support to extend its replayability), but it didn't outstay its welcome, so I certainly can't complain.  (Heck, I'll probably be coming back to it just to jump around and grab the collectibles.)  Pick this up if you're looking to give a new platformer a go."
76561198046857476,Recommended,224460,7675763,"Posted: 16 November, 2013",all,Alex,"Short and sweet, like Didi, the main character of the game (you don't play as her). You play as her imaginary friend solving puzzles with shadows, some are fun, while others are boring. It isn't without problems, a major part of the final puzzle glitched out of where I could reach it and I had to replay the entire segment of puzzles over again, but it is still a good game for what I paid."
76561197997969048,Recommended,224460,16666980,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Double_A_Ron,"Don't get me wrong, this game is pretty great. But it could use some polish. The jumping is a little hard to control and it can feel a bit clunky at times. But there is a lot of potential both for story and gameplay. (Visually, this game is already great). Fingers crossed for a sequel to build on what is a great premise."
,Recommended,224460,16672533,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Sakhet,What an awesome playstyle and what a great story. Too bad is so short...
76561198056898816,Recommended,224460,16637759,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,ScarlettAce2792,"A unique concept that has been well executed. While it was difficult getting used to the controls at first, I soon found myself sucked into the game world. It is an eerie puzzle platformer that switches between 2d and 3d, sucking you in with the mystery of the girl and her story. Who is she? Who are you? Great game for anyone interested in getting more involved in their gameplay."
,Recommended,224460,17576196,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,turtlemonkey,Fun game.
,Not Recommended,224460,17578769,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,Gagoto Maroto,6/10
,Recommended,224460,17639711,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,OnYeen,"A beautiful game with wonderful music and its own style. It is rather short, but a lovely experience none the less!"
76561198009099194,Recommended,224460,17648402,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Saber 5470,"This is a very tentative recommendation with some BIG caveats – if you are looking to buy this game, I would recommend getting it on sale, as I did, or borrowing off a friend. The reason for this is that the game feels very half-baked.Contrastis only a couple of hours long, ending before the game’s mechanics have really had a chance to flex their muscles. The story also seems to be truncated and cut down from what was originally intended. Further evidence of the game’s apparent rushed development is its controls and mechanics; the third-person camera controls feel very loose and wobbly, which is, to put it lightly, less than ideal for a game that features platforming as a central mechanic. Combine this with some inconsistent “shifting” controls and some poorly-designed puzzles and you are left with a game that often causes frustration where it should instead inspire satisfaction.So why am I still recommendingContrastin spite of these issues? In short, its central puzzle-platforming system is fascinating, one of the more creative mechanics I have seen in recent memory. As Dawn, the game’s silent protagonist, you have the ability to “shift” yourself and certain objects from the real, 3D world into the 2D world of shadows. This ability is the central focus of the game’s platforming puzzles, which may involve manipulating light sources and shadows to create platforming surfaces in more strategic puzzles, or using the shadows of moving objects to reach an objective in more fast-paced platforming action sequences. This interplay between the worlds of darkness and light forces you, the player, to see the world in a new way by placing shadows (things we often don’t even notice in games or otherwise) at the forefront of a scene. For this reason alone I would recommend this game, if only to game designers looking for interesting ideas.However, their is a second redeeming quality ofContrastand that is the game’s style. The game’s charming aesthetic and focus on playing as a young girl’s imaginary(?) friend can’t help but make you smile. Additionally, its 1920’s setting, a refreshing change to a period not often depicted in video games, provides us with a nice jazzy, big-band soundtrack. What little story there is features some quality voice acting and an intriguing sub-plot - it’s just a shame Compulsion didn’t have the time or resources to flesh the story out further.In summary,Contrastis a game that is full of potential but needed a few more months in the oven to be worth the $15-$20 asking price. However, if you’re looking for something that is short, charming, and original,Contrastmay very well be right up your alley."
76561198003227230,Recommended,224460,17594193,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,lodyg001,Interesting gameplay. Amazing environment!
76561198060204661,Recommended,224460,17607728,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,TheCommonCold85,"Overall, this game is recommended if you get a kick out of platformers. The shadow character art and especially the voice acting are pretty top-notch. A chunk of the puzzles are inventive too. Now the bad; the game is a little buggy as your character moves, jumping is fairly crap, and the environments are otherwise bland and lifeless. The overall best reason to play Contrast is for the story, which is told in a film noir-style and tosses you the occasional feel.The Mum is friggin' annoying, making every worst decision. You'll see."
,Recommended,224460,17685120,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,aah2000,A very short game but extremely well-done. Interesting and sweet story line with great puzzles using a very innovative mechanism.
,Not Recommended,224460,17713463,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,Chironaila,"Don't get me wrong, I enjoyed playing the game, it was fun, but only for 3 hours. It's just too short! The story starts out all right, then ends too quickly. The gameplay and puzzles are nice, if not a bit easy. Find a wall, become a shadow. You always know what objects to interact with, so you will eventually figure out what to do if you can't see it at once. Shadow world platforming is glitchy at times, the cutscenes could be smoother, but I'd say you need some patience to play puzzle games in general.I wouldn't buy it at the full price, because it's much shorter than expected, but if you are interested in trying something new, get it when it's on sale.Also the brightness/contrast hurts my eyes *hisses and slips into the shadows*"
,Recommended,224460,12483941,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Kendrin,"Great music and atmosphere. Neat puzzles. Surreal world. Amusing pulp storyline. All in all, a lot of fun for $5. (Got it on sale.)"
,Recommended,224460,12484276,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,DarlingTerror,its effing beautiful
,Recommended,224460,12484694,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,blackshark64,"Rated: 6/10The controls aren't terrible, but the games collision detection bugs out once in a while. I also ran into a puzzle that I had to restart manually because I had bugged it by accident. One time I ascended a tower by walking upwards on air... these are the bugs/collisions I'm talking about.That being said if the art style captivates you I would suggest playing the game. The games puzzles aren't to complicated, but the unique shadow mechanic is a nice deviation from other titles. The story and music perfectly match the art. So this game won't be a thumbs up by everybody, but I enjoyed myself."
76561198063389725,Recommended,224460,12490637,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Genestarwind34,Contrast is a platformer/puzzle game with good graphics and a fair story. I can honestly say if it is patched and expanded on it could lead to something really great. As a stand alone game it shows heart in design and creativity. It is not without its faults it that collision could be a little finicky and the story is not tremendously detailed but i guess you can say that is the charm of the game. Its a simple game with plenty of heart and a small price tag so that anyone can afford it. If your looking for a long game with alot of story look else where but if your looking for a simple game with a creative way of looking at things then pick it up. its worth it.
,Recommended,224460,12492847,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Trez75,"Contrast is a nice little puzzler/platformer with some really pleasant touches. The basic concept of using shadows is just really inventive, and being able to manipulate them meant that the level design became even more impressive. I loved the concept. I thought the world imagery was great with soemwhere between a 1930's dreamscape, and the music were wonderfully sultry and bluesy. The visuals are of a good standard too with a clear style. Overall its a very clever game, with some really well thought through touches and a great feel to itOn the bad side, the puzzles are a little easy to complete and the game is just too short. I don't consider myself to be a particularly good platform player, so with only 5 hours to complete the whole thing, it felt a bit lacking in depth. The plot was good enough, though I felt there was more of a story to tell, so it could've done with more development. The controls are a little glitchy at times too and you'll miss jumps. Overally not a bad game at all but needed more to it. Will give it a comfortable 8 / 10"
76561198036643310,Recommended,224460,12493022,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,NasreddinHodja,"Exactly what it says on the tin:  a puzzle platformer requiring you to shift between the 3D ""real world"" and the 2D ""shadow world."" Even the real world has its own strange characteristics however, such as bottomless pits, which makes you wonder just how ""real"" it is.  I recommend this game for those of you who like platformers or atmostpheric stories.My one complaint about the game is that the collision boxes are sometimes unpredictable, such that you may occasionally misjudge your jumps or object interactions.  However, this doesn't really affect your ability to complete the game, so you may consider this a minor nitpick.The story is of the ""small and personal"" kind.  You're not saving the galaxy; you're just taking care of a little girl.  Depending on your attitude towards precocious children, this girl may or may not be annoying to you.  I personally like her and care for her."
,Recommended,224460,12484778,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Kitsune,"Well rounded story line. I like how it doesn't even tell you who you are or why you exist when you first start.I would recomend this to someone who enjoys puzzles, mysteries and to-the-point games.It's pretty much open map, you can go anywhere at any time, you can be in the middle of a challange and just walk back out the front door (if you can make it back there) and go somewhere else, though unless you're searchig for more luminaries, there's not much point. There are a couple of things you can collect on the side: luminares and collectables. The collectables are like a little side story/mission, but like I said, the game is pretty much to the point and doesn't waste much time.I feel like I just read a really interesting novela."
76561198147082398,Recommended,224460,12463541,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,patrick.pare,"Interesting mechanics and puzzles... maybe linear, but the setting is special and cool!"
,Recommended,224460,12464638,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Liberation,"A fun puzzle/platformer with a unique mechanic and a fresh art style.It is, however, very short, though without adding more mechanics, I think making it any longer would have just been padding it with fluff.There were a few minor bugs and control hiccups along the way, but frequent checkpoints keep them from being very annoying."
76561198008984332,Recommended,224460,12465513,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,onurv,+ Great gameplay idea+ Great voice acting+ Great athmosphere+ Good graphics+ Clever puzzles+ Unordinary story+ Not too suffocating artistic side+ Skippable and pauseable cutscenes+ Interesting collectibles- Way way too short8/10
76561198077865263,Recommended,224460,12467413,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,A Possesed Chair,"I really recommend this game. It has an immersive, detailed world full of mysteries and the like which you need to figure out. The gameplay is extremely smooth across all systems and you will enjoy ( and be mildly frustrated) by the challenging  but rewarding puzzles in-game. On top of that, it has very immersive storytelling. Although it is short, it is currently Focus weekend so it's on sale for $4.24 CND. All in all, this game is a truly wonderful game and you will love every second of it.9.5/10"
76561198007819749,Recommended,224460,11093897,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Yoshi_Blue002,Beautiful game. I loved the style and art design. Goodd mix of easy and tricky puzzles. Well worth getting.
,Recommended,224460,11094710,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Headbangzz,"In the end everybody should stand up and give a round of applause, so impressive and nicely done.The mechanics through entering the shadows and having to exit creates such awesome puzzles.Gameplay and graphics are well done, actually much more than that.However the masterpiece in this game is the soundtrack, FABULOUS. When I first opened the game while hearing the song over the menu, really, that was an awesome sensation. It was literally music to my ears and this high level of soundtrack keeps going during all the game.I don't know if it is kind of a spoiler but at first I was like in doubt in the first scene where Didi is in her room and her mom appears through the shadows, but that makes sense over the ending.Only a few issues with my controller that would not jump in certain occasions that would soon enough become normal.(I think the problem really is in my controller not really how the game adapted it, but...)Only a few bugs with the character and the scenario, nothing like would destroy the game, because it doesn't even affect the gameplay (like the carousel would spin and the character stands still).The studio created their own style, of course people will compare it limbo (black and white through the shadows) and I still don't know why but gave me a déjà vu of bioshock infinite like the theory from multiverse and portals used between shadows, people will say that somehow the appearance of Dawn remembers Elizabeth and the city is in the sky?(That's what it looks like to me).Congratulations for the studio and keep the hard work to develop others great pieces of art like these. (And let me know about it, I would love to play again any other creation)."
,Recommended,224460,11044343,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Mr. Pink,"One of the best ideas for a puzzle game i've ever seen. It's like portal but with shadows. Definitely an underrated game. If you are on the fence about buying this game, let me help you out. Do you like Portal? If yes, buy it.... Do you like mazes? If yes, buy it... Do you like when there are two worlds in one, where there is our normal 3D world as well as a shadow world at the same time? If yes, the ABSOLUTELY BUY THIS GAME!"
76561197987743391,Recommended,224460,11044556,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Inkheart Artist,"It's kind of hard to give an all out recommendation for this game. I love the idea and when the gameplay works, its fantastic. The trouble is that the gameplay is a little buggy still, particularly the mouse controls (maybe it was designed to work better with a controller) and the whole thing feels a bit short with the world shifting and light mechanics a little under utilized for what they could have been. Seeing as the game is pretty cheap and even a bit longer than other clever puzzle games like Portal, if they patched it to run a little less buggy, I could whole heartedly recommend it. What I'd really like to see would be a better funded, or at least better polished sequel. That would be awesome!"
76561197998159333,Recommended,224460,11073146,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Raveneer,"Contrast left me wanting more. I loved the shadow world you get to explore with Dawn and Didi. Its style and story is the kind of thing you best see in foreign films and the magic realism of Neil Gaiman (Mirrormask in particular kept cropping up as I played).Didi has a friend no one else can see named Dawn, who looks like she's an acrobat of some kind. What is her story? How did she gain her powers? Is she real or a figment of Didi's imagination? None of this is ever truly explained over the game's short running time (I finished it with all the achievements in a little over 3 hours), but what does happen is Dawn getting involved in the story of Didi and her parents. Her mom is a lounge singer and her father is a shiftless dreamer in debt to the mob. Jonny has one more scheme up his sleeve to get back in Didi's mom's good graces, and Didi will do everything in her power to help make it happen (with Dawn's help, naturally).It's hard not to get excited as you run and jump through Contrast's levels. The music and art design sell the world well, and the voice acting draws you into the struggles of its inhabitants, told enough enough as shadow plays. These are just for story design either; oftentimes you'll have to make use of the shadows you see to reach a switch or a puzzle piece. Collectibles take the form of either documents that reveal the game's backstory or glowing globes also used to power some of the game's puzzles.A lot has been said about the game's controls. I found them as tight as could be expected with the mechanics, with a handheld controller the best way to go. A keyboard and mouse setup could work but the best experience I think would be found with a controller if able.Contrast decides not to overstay its welcome, but I hope that the game devs do come back for an encore performance."
76561198084552670,Recommended,224460,17919185,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,SeymoreTheClown,"Although it was short, Contrast has such a great story that I couldn't stop playing."
76561198033248918,Recommended,224460,17905524,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,boriswolfgang,"I haven't even got to play the game itself yet, but I'm telling you now -The SOUNDTRACK to the game made the whole thing WORTH EVERY PENNY!(Even though its only about 22 min of music)."
,Recommended,224460,17913364,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,SeaRaven,One of the best games i ever played for 4$
76561197977939838,Recommended,224460,17917032,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Anjaris,"Very cool concept, but the controls are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t and it can get annoying as all ♥♥♥♥.  That said, the music is perfect for the game when you can hear it and the story is engaging with very good voice acting.  It is a short game but probably the right length as if there were much more I might have got bored with the mechanic as implemented.  For $4 it was worth it and I really enjoyed the songs.  It might have even been a favorite if not for all the little annoying bits.  Too bad they did not spend a little more time tweaking the controls and movement."
,Recommended,224460,17952479,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,bonzoWhale,"Very short, and the narrative is rushed, but the ambience is fantastic. The puzzles are not particularly challenging, but they are clever enough to be fun."
76561197973316997,Recommended,224460,17937988,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Nikku_5,"Very fun game, wish there was more. It felt a bit rushed in the end of the game, like there was more to Dawn but for somereason they didn't complete the game all the way through. Still an awesome concept and good puzzles."
,Recommended,224460,17983487,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Hans Zimmer ᵛᵉʳᶦᶠᶦᵉᵈ,Nice Story :V8/10
76561198107091470,Recommended,224460,17997762,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,hansp21,"Not worth the 14.99. Only 4 hours of play time included in the game. But, you should definitely buy this when it's on sale. It was a very fun 4 hours with an amazing sound track!"
76561198134722612,Not Recommended,224460,17985914,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Hephaestus97,"I'm only making this negative, because I have to give it a recommendation.If my play time doesn't say it all, I don't know what does, I'm already done and only a few achievements short of completion, and I beat this in two days.The game is far too short and is more of a short movie than a video game. The mechanics are not used to their full potential, it's mostly just a 2d platformer with a 3d overworld in between each section. The puzzles are way too easy they never get too complicated. Where this game really shines is in its story and atmosphere, but both of them feel underdeveloped in the short time you're given. I don't want to spoil anything, but a lot of the explanation for what is going on in this game makes no sense, when you really think about it, and after act one the story starts to go downhill. The game really shines in act 2, by far the best part of the game, but it's still way too short, and the puzzles aren't too amazing. I really did enjoy this, but I could never recommend this, I paid three dollars for this, and I don't feel I got my money's worth for it. If you ever do buy this, get it on sale otherwise you're waisting a huge sum of money on a game that will last you 3 hours tops, because the replayability is almost nonexistent.Overall opinion is it's a clever story and mechanic that doesn't live up to it's full potential and is too lacking to be considered much of a game 5/10 won't say you shouldn't buy it, because I did enjoy it, but I could never recommend this to anyone, especially at full price. Plus any game you can completely and still be eligible to return on Steam is far too short to be considered a game in my mind."
,Recommended,224460,18002145,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Zansonsha,"Few games marry platforing and puzzle elements as well as Contrast. Its shadow mechanic allows for a lot of unique solutions to puzzles, usually requiring the manipulation of the play field to set up platforms or move an object from one area to another. The solutions are fairly intuitive once you get the hang of it, and this keeps the pace of the game brisk. While the game is short (3 hours on my playthrough, with time included for exploration), it's exactly as long as it needs to be for the narrative it's telling.And oh boy, what a narrative. I admire the decision to tell a story of a troubled couple from their daughter's point of view, and to tell it in a highly Expressionist way. The noirish setting, the importance of casting light onto darkness and viewing events through projection and found documents leaves the player (and Didi) questioning the amount of agency they have in shaping the events occuring around them, but as the game progresses the player's actions do push the narrative forward, leaving one wondering if there's some reality-bending at play or if we're just in a land of childish wish fulfillment. The question is left to the player, as the narrative focuses less on making sense of the universe and more on the emotions of its central characters.But the experience isn't without a few drawbacks. While I personally found Didi to be a very compelling character, her constant direction can get tiring, as well as break the difficulty of some puzzles. Her guidance may be helpful for younger players or those inexperienced with 3D platformers, but a seasoned player may find themselves wishing for an option to forgo such a built-in hint system. Whether or not you identify with Didi can make or break the game because of this.The platforming is overall very tight and responsive, and the game grants abilities which ease progression later on. However, it has its moments of challenge which require timing so precise that getting it right may feel more like luck than skill. There is an excellent organic checkpoint system integrated into the mix, so failure is rarely punished and trial-and-error solutions are encouraged, so long as frustration doesn't set in too quickly.On a rare occasion, my character glitched into a wall or other fixture, but jumping/dashing out of them seems to fix the problem.Pros:Interesting, varied platforming and puzzle solving for a unique experience.Tight controls made for a gamepad.Beautiful and thought-provoking visual style.Largely well-acted characters with cheesy, but engaging dialogue.Positive portrayal of a female lead.Cons:Little replay value: collectables are included, but a completionist could grab them all in one playthrough.Difficulty is at parts too easy due to too much direction.Game length may affect one's opinion of its asking price.Overall, I found Contrast a fantastic experience, and certainly one that feels artistically-driven. The story and characters are compelling enough to push you forward without bogging the experience down with overlong cutscenes. Collecting all of the found documents in the game reveals an added light to the game's ending, encouraging exploration and abstract thinking, though the core of the game will be Didi's concerns for her father. If you're willing to forgive a young girl asking a lot of favors of you, the unique style and solid gameplay will make the experience worthwhile."
76561198005305300,Recommended,224460,24665508,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,Super Squirrel,"I finished the game in about 3 hours. It's short with a very basic story. It felt more like a puzzle game then an adventure game. The puzzles are very easy, except the last one. I got stump on the last one for 10 to 20 minutes until I figured it out. It was one of those ""Oh, of course"" moments.Sooo, why do I recommend it. The atmosphere, the stylization, the music, and good voice acting. The transition between  3-D to 2-D was a novel approach. I do think the game is one of those unique games. There is nothing quite like it.The game feels like a prologue.  There needs to be more chapters to it.  If it's on sale, don't hesitate."
,Recommended,224460,24552775,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,DancefloorDale,"Unfortunately, this game is about four hours long; but the experience I was given in that time was great. Although this game is short, at least it isn't lany longer than it had to be, Better it be short & sweet than padded out with unnecessary content.The story is very innocent and tugs at the heart-strings; unfortunately you only get to learn who you play as though the collectables. The art-style is great; it looks like something Tim Burton would approve of. As for the gameplay, the puzzles aren't too hard, but the shadow mechanics ""break"" far too often, so that's way more rage inducing than any puzzle in the game.I reccomend getting this game at a discount given how short it is, but it's definately a must have in your library."
,Recommended,224460,24600742,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Lillith,"A very beautiful game, but very very broken in mechanics."
76561198006436787,Recommended,224460,24626137,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Zippit,"It's a short, but great game!I love the switching between 'two worlds', the story is great, no glitches at all.Even though it's as short as it is, I can really recommend this game. ♥♥♥♥♥♥ that I can't give more than one thumbs-up!"
76561198029267571,Recommended,224460,24438850,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Krazyrider3,"Beautiful game, I would recommend this to anyone."
,Recommended,224460,24466117,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Viritys,"Film noir meets Tim Burton. Wonderful & short puzzle platformer, with the emphasis on the former. I don't generally like puzzle games nor platformers, so for me this was a surprise hit. I had the game idling for awhile, I think it took me some five hours to crawl through.When it comes to camera, I'm not sure what people are complaining about as I had  absolutely no trouble with it whatsoever. Game sometimes ""suggests"" ie defaults to awkward angles, but it's never forced ie you always have the ultimate control with the other analog stick. Played with controller, not sure how this would work with mouse & keyboard."
76561198146522541,Recommended,224460,24485401,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,khermerker,"yup is a good game. controls are good, puzzles are not so hard but not so easy, game is kinda short and probably you will not play after finish it, still is a good place to enjoy a little of time :P"
,Recommended,224460,24155634,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,IndieAme,"Very sweet game. A puzzle game, but there's no kind of challenge, it's short and easy, after all. I really enjoyed the gameplay and the plot. Buy it if you are searching for an indie game with an innovative gameplay, but only during sales, 10€ it's too much."
,Recommended,224460,24064602,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Teriyakitoast,"This was a hidden gem of a game, neat concept, neat mechanics, neat noir theme, neat annoying little girl with daddy issues.I wish there were more puzzles like the very last one, but the amounts of styles of puzzles kept the game fresh, even if the story was a bit lacking.8/10"
76561198077881145,Recommended,224460,24077189,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,CheshireGhost,"This game is terrific, the only bad thing i can say about it, is that its too short. The entire game will take you maybe 3-4 hours to complete.... and thats if your taking your time. Its honstly really unfortunate, with a longer campaign this game would get an easy 5 out of 5 stars. Beautiful graphics and art style, tight controls, smooth transitions, a gripping story, and best of all, puzzles that arnt so simple that you can figure them out super easily, some actually require a fair bit of thinking. I have found that some puzzles can be solved in different ways, so im not sure if that was intentional, but i hope it was. It shows that the creators want you to be open minded and think outside the box. I absolutely love this game but the best i can give it (due to such a short play time, and not much replay value) i give it a 4.5 out 5."
,Recommended,224460,24068009,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Damask,"Having just completed it, I found it a rather enjoyable, although short game,(it took me 4h to finish it 100%). Its a 2D/3D Puzzle/Platformer set in a cool 1920's noir atmosphere. I found the story to be rather compelling and yet simple with a somewhat unexpected ending. The only bad thing I have to say about this game is that it is a ""tad"" glitchey and the environment is rather empty. Overall I would still recommend this game, although I recommend waiting till it is on sale.Overall 7/10 would play again."
,Not Recommended,224460,24091300,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,optimist.jl,Character speed and camera movement are insanely quick. Sucks because there's no reason for it. Don't buy if you have ever felt bad/motion sick playing a game. I do plan to play it but it's extremely annoying even if you don't ever feel sick. This game's been on my wishlist for over a year so I'm disappointed. The new game looks good though.
,Recommended,224460,24039628,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,John Doe,"This game is surprisingly small, whilst the concept and art design are on point, there are so much more things that could be done with the game mechanics, making it feel like a dropped project. In regards of the puzzles several are well thought and help u develop skill, presenting marvelously the posibilities within the game, then again, others jsut feel lazy and hurried. Overall, its a an okay game that could have been great. On sale it is completly worth it."
,Recommended,224460,24007081,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Black Empress,"Contrast is a great buy.I got it on sale and only heard of it because of my interest of We Happy Few.Contrast has a wonderful atmosphere with an unquie and interesting story hidden behind the collectibles.This games tells the story of a little girl who only wants her family together, and you help her as a shadow shifting acrobat in any calamaties she gets into,This game is great, and i have 100% it in under 3 hours, so I dont think i could recommend it at the full 15$, but if its ever on sale it is a must buy."
76561198060332091,Recommended,224460,23990701,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,SilverWolf15,This is a fun little game great music good puzzles wile the story is a bit meh its still interesting.Worth a buy!
76561198027905145,Recommended,224460,23999881,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Epic,It will take you a couple of hours to finish the game yet it's worth playing it
,Not Recommended,224460,24000230,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,ix,"A pretty game, with a clever conceit.It all feels very staged, though. the levels by and large feel like checklists, as if the designers sat down and wrote out what you would do in each platforming section without adapting for how the mechanic plays. The exception is the section at the end of the lighthouse, where the game actually begins to flow together nicely.The game is riddled with weird collision behavior. In one instance [during the clocktower] I was able to move a light cart in such a way that it could not be moved again, which would have been a soft lock except for some climbable scenery and abuse of the dash mechanic.Shorter than many games, but probably about the right length, given that the shadow platforming mechanic seems to not have a lot of depth to it."
,Recommended,224460,7670291,"Posted: 16 November, 2013",all,Fazupala,"Really nice mechanic with the shadows and a strong story. A bit on the short side, but enjoyable all the way. Clear buy if you enjoy puzzle-platformers and/or he theme of the game :)"
76561198043001146,Recommended,224460,23915016,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,anotherwhitebird,"This game is truly unique, and absolutely stunning, both visually and story-wise, but WAY too short for full price.  I wandered quite a lot, have an incredible knack for getting lost, suck at platformers*, and got most of the collectibles all in 5 hours.  I was completely thrown by the ending, not because of how it ended, but because it ended so abruptly.I feel like it was only about half finished when they realized they had a deadline so instead of compromising on ANY aspect of gameplay, they decided to leave the ending as a Sopranos-esque sharp cutoff.  I can respect that a hell of a lot more than rushing through and releasing a clunky mess of a game full of bugs.*During the play, a shameful number of times - "".... unfortunately, she impaled herself on the bamboo.  Wait, no, that's not what happened!""8/10 ADORED the game, but wish there was more of it. Immediate purchase when on sale, though!"
,Recommended,224460,9496637,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,harold_flood,"PERFECT, LOVED IT, I WANT THE 2!!!!"
76561197975669531,Recommended,224460,19449856,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,|NDW|[-NaAaF-],"Recommending this game was a hard decision, and in fact it is by no means worth its regular price. I got the collectors edition for 6€ in a sale, which is still on the upper end of what I think the game should actually cost.You can beat the game in under two hours. If you speedrun a second playthrough it's probably one hour flat. But there is no real replay value. I missed one collectable and I can't picture me hunting that last piece any time soon.I only have 15 hours on this title because I alt-tab'ed out of it and finished it the next day.But it's not a bad game. The story and dialoque are simple yet ok, the visual style is quite nice as is the 3D/2D shift mechanics.It's one of those short indie games you wish it would've had the development time and budget of a AAA title.So grab it the next time it's 75% off, solve a few puzzles with Didi and Dawn ... and dream of what could've been ..."
76561198056387214,Not Recommended,224460,19452490,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,prizmpromise,My wife won't let me play this game.
,Recommended,224460,7698890,"Posted: 19 November, 2013",all,달콤한 조랑말,Totally awesome.
76561198010970371,Recommended,224460,12742305,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,FipsıNat0r™,A bit too short but really interesting and amusing game with great soundtrack and cool atmosphere. :)
,Recommended,224460,19600698,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,✿,"It was a decent game, with a decent story. I had a problem doing last achivment, wich is a bad bug that does not let me make it, but overall was a decent one."
76561198130510138,Recommended,224460,19642841,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,nowthatsalovelylass,I really enjoyed this game and was eyeing it for a while before purchasing a while back. This game took 3.6 hours to finish and that was only because I would just leave the game going rather than actually pausing or exiting. I wish there was more to the game and hope maybe eventually one day there will be some dlc for it because I would love to see more of the story. The ending was kind of a cliff hanger and it was agitating.
76561198085731671,Recommended,224460,19666763,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,mechahamham,"There are a few bugs with this game that can be frustrating. You may have to resolve one or two puzzles because  you didn't get it *just* right. However, for a small studio effort, this game is AMAZING in tone, style, and delivery. The art style is beautiful, both on its own and with the shadow effects. They story is intriguing and deceptive. You will second guess yourself at every turn. Well worth the money spent."
,Recommended,224460,19739313,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Timóteo,"It is good, but it is too short, in some promotion it is a good choice."
,Recommended,224460,19491779,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Jaykoniks,"An amazing game! Fun, great story, great aesthetics, and a great central game mechanic. It does of course have some problems, but only a couple.The controls can be difficult at times, which can lead to a lot of early deaths. Chances are you'll get used to them fairly quickly, however.I'd recommend turning the mouse sensitivity down, to about 30-40. By default it's way too high, at least for me.The biggest problem, however, is it's too short. I beat it in one evening, and I wantMOAR.This is my first review, I hope it's helpful."
,Recommended,224460,19603521,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Lubby,It's so great and artful but WHY IS IT SO SHORT!! I would have loved to have Dawn's character and origin to be explored more than just giving us crumbs in a collectible :( !!
76561197998305943,Recommended,224460,19861213,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,kikea,"game is built around an incredibly well realised mechanic that lets you move seamlessly between your 3d character and your 2d shadow. unfortately the pacing, writing and acting is horrible. way too much emphasis on plot and pace destroying cut scenes. sort of recommend"
76561197960503895,Recommended,224460,19942051,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,MacMiskenn,I liked it.
76561198072594231,Recommended,224460,19938593,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,BunGeeJuMPinG,"Good platform, good story, diffrent gameplay. İf you like the genre you should play."
76561198118871182,Recommended,224460,30662190,Posted: 21 March,all,curlyloon,"So I just finished this tonight.  Of course, as always I am surprised when a game ends.  The story on this was so interesting.  The puzzles were challenging and yes I raged quit, once and cheated once.  I enjoyed this all the way to the end including the rage.  This game would be a great game for anyone. No Regerts, lol"
76561198097611047,Recommended,224460,20021024,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,sammoticus proximo,"Pros:> gorgeous art style> intriguing premise/plot> engaging action puzzles> love the music> easy enough for 100% achievementsCons:> way too short> loose ends re: plotLoved this game, but seriously hoping for a sequel that explains some more of the world build and characters. The plot starts climbing to some creepily amazing heights that leave a lot of unanswered questions about pretty much everything/everybody. Please, devs, don't leave us hanging!"
76561198218800792,Recommended,224460,20026740,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,The Rhinopotomus,"Story's cliche and doesn't focus on your character which is prettty interesting since they drop hints, but it was a cool concept and an enjoyable game."
76561198067743458,Recommended,224460,20171984,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,travis_yannell,"The atmosphere was like a mix of Alice: Madness Returns and Psychonauts. For me it was just the right length at about 4ish hours, not wearing out its welcome. The ending leaves a bit to be desired but the journey still made it worth while."
,Recommended,224460,24148382,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,slurbol,Great soundtrack and unique name puzzle games. Worth it.
,Recommended,224460,23495500,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,Thizzlehat,"Contrast was reminiscant of Psychonauts in terms of puzzle solving, and mechanics.  Contrast does have looser controls than psychonauts and was easily finished in under 4 hours.  The puzzles are not hard, but thinking with new mechanics is always fun!  If you're looking for something quick, casual, and a lot of fun, I highly recommend this game!"
,Recommended,224460,21882261,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Sour Lemonade,"Hey man, I like jazz."
,Recommended,224460,21742463,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Aquaserge,"I only got this game based off of a short trailer featuring the unique gameplay aspects of this game, and I must say everything else about it, to my delight, took me by surprise. The French 1920's noir setting with mystery and hints to the lasting effects of the World's Fair really make this a world of its own. Along with very unique story telling that show things as you might imagine through the eyes of a child, and how all of the other adults are shown only in shadow, you can easily begin to feel the world live on it's own.The game can be seen as short, but in my personal opinion the length is perfect. They tell the story they wanted to tell, it isn't drawn out, and it doesn't overly complicate things.While the gameplay itself feels a bit like the bracelt mechanic in LoZ: A Link Between Worlds, the platforming and world manipulation aspects really put this in its own category. It works off the Unreal engine, which is known for having issues with lower budget productions. Surprisingly Contrast doesn't show many signs of that. There are a few times where walls that aren't completely flat can throw you out of shadow, and if you get one interactable object too close to another you can't choose between which one you wish to interact with, but aside from that I didn't experience many other issues.All in all, if you are looking for something simple and sweet, I highly suggest you try this out. If you already have it, get on it."
76561198006849221,Recommended,224460,21799422,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,rjazz2,Walking on someone's butt shadow is so soothing.
,Recommended,224460,20997728,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Sherza95,"This is awesome, the storyline is so good and i'm really enjoy it. The puzzle was not that bad and it keep me playing this game until the end of the story. First impression on this game, its kind of weird how this game makes people as a shadow instead of real people. Its kind of creepy but creative and it suit the theme well. Anyway, love this game..Sherza95 ^^~"
,Recommended,224460,21932703,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Shurikane,"+++ Unique and compelling gameplay concept.+++ Tight storytelling.+++ Trippy art direction.--- Late stages marred by glitchy platforming.--- Very short!Contrast excels by keeping things simple and tight: a story with few characters, a small world that's packed with everything it needs, and well thought-out gameplay mechanics - although some of the puzzles will have a tendency to glitch out against the player, requiring several adjustments and restarts.17 CDN is quite steep for a game that can be blown through in less than three hours, but it's definitely worth a shot while on sale.  It's a proof of concept that has potential to live as a full-fledged, longer sequel."
,Recommended,224460,8456855,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,LandLover,Great atmosphere and idea.. Loved it so much :)
,Recommended,224460,21712740,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,aDD33,"Contrast is a short puzzle game playing with light and shadows. The concept was new to me and i thought it was an amazing idea and the story and art are great. Controls are a bit tricky sometimes but it's worth it. The music, the atmosphere and graphics fit the game perfectly. The first time i launched it, i didn't leave the title screen just so i could listen to the music. It was a nice and very interesting gaming experience !"
76561198035357089,Recommended,224460,21834403,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,iggylombardi,"Short, simple, and charming little story with a neat noir setting. Ultimately plagued by a few bugs and a mechanic that could've been expanded upon A LOT more. It had much more potential.  The soundtrack is good, albeit it's only one or two songs, but those songs are really cool with a Parisian songbook era type of vibe. I'm not sure if I recommend it or not. At $15 probably not, but maybe $5..."
76561198195298155,Recommended,224460,25727573,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Madai,"Cool game, nice concept and great music (if you like jazz music, you'll love the atmosphere). I recommend to buy it on sale tho because it's really short, it took me less than 4 hours to complete it 100%."
76561198197213518,Recommended,224460,25539976,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,NeverLeft,"After 7 hours, no guide, I unlocked all the achievements. Contrast is an amazingly good game, it would be great if the story was longer. The story is very catchy, I mean attractive. I'm still tasting the shadows acting and their beautiful voices acting while writing this review. Icing on the cake, the puzzles are WOW! Wait, isn't the puzzle part the main entree of Contrast? Yes, for the first playthrough. You will like to play it again with knowing all the solutions so you can focus on enjoying the story, jazz, acting and Didi's cuteness."
76561198041029302,Recommended,224460,22789036,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,grind8,"I really like this game. The story is nice and gives you some stuff to think about. Besides that, the atmosphere and the art style are amazing. When I played this game it felt like entering a new world, it's great."
,Recommended,224460,23002710,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Kuka,"Great 2D-/3D-Gameplay mix! It got me frustrated on more than one occasion, but in a good way ;) It's a fun mix of jump'n run and solving riddles. The art style is simply amazing and I really liked the story - it blended the surreal world of the game with the everyday-life of a family."
,Recommended,224460,22964418,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,-A- LadyGrrimm,"This is a very brief but interesting game. If you're looking for a quick, relaxing game, go for this. The puzzles are intriguing but not challenging. Both a good and bad thing. The story leaves you wanting more. Again, both a good and bad thing. By the end, I found myself thinking it was such an odd place to leave off at and I would have loved to have more gameplay.Still, though, I truly enjoyed the game. It's attractive and interesting. Since this game is made by an independent team of developers and not some gigantic conglomerate publisher, I'm totally comfortable paying full price for this game."
,Recommended,224460,22771615,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,TheDawnCatcher,"I found the end to be very satisfying, for the themes of the game. They could have made it a much more grandoise game and tackled the reasons why Didi was the only person in the 3D world able to interact with the people in the shadow world, but that would have dragged the game on much longer than the mechanics would have allowed. As it was, the story of the game and its characters were much more concerned with their domestic troubles and left the more mysterious aspects of the game to be found through gathering and reading the collectibles.Dealing with the shadows as a based for 2D platforming was a very interesting and creative mechanic. Although there were some places in the game where I ended up confusing myself because I wasn't thinking about how the 3D could transfere into the 2D and back, it was overall very enjoyable. I also really liked the fact that the developers respected their audiences' intelligence and problem solving skills. They would introduce a concept in one part of the game in a way that seemed natural and non-intrusive and left it up to the player to remember that they could use that mechanic in the next section of the game.The soundtrack was really nice and fit with the atmosphere of the game's setting, and although I noticed some clipping in the cutscenes' animation and the like, the art style was very nice and nothing distracted from the content of the game."
,Recommended,224460,22754253,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Sam Fissure,"I cannot stand platformers, they aggravate me with the simplicity and reflex-rewarding repetition...I love this game.  Like seriously, Beautiful art, nice music, great theme to the grahics (you'll know it) I love the story, it draws you in, makes you care.The Platforming?I love the tricks, the little things that you can do in 3d to make a 2d world work...This is pretty awesome.   If I get the time I might finish this thing."
,Recommended,224460,22765586,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,LonM,"Contrast is an all-round great game with a nice story, style and gameplay. It is well deserving of the various awards that came its way.The style of the game, from the graphics in the environment to the character and the music is reminiscent of a noir-cabaret-early 1900s style. It all plays very well together and creates a very immersive game. The story itself follows this style, starting off somewhat light hearted but quickly revealing darker undertones. The characters of the game are engaging [rather than just being 2-dimensional], which helps add to the atmosphere of the story. It is short, but that's probably a good thing. Leave people wanting more.The gameplay is also very good. The puzzle aspect of interacting between 2 and 3 dimensions based on shadows is a pretty neat and unique way of creating a platformer. This, accompanied by the great level design [which reminds me of psychonauts], provides for some great jumping puzzles and various other platformer-style gameplay. The addition of using light to manipulate the environment, rather than light sources being static is a great idea to break the gameplay up.I did have a few niggling remarks about the fact that sometimes you get kicked out of 2D play if the game thinks you are 'stuck' when you're not, but the lack of a permanent fail state [i.e. you fall out of the world, and you immediately respawn] helps to alleviate this.So yes, this is a game worth playing. For fans of Noir stories and platformers alike."
76561198138285471,Not Recommended,224460,22695276,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Stainless-Angel,"I don't like it. The art is very good, but the mechanics are frustraing and make no sense half the time. The soundtrack has 2-3 songs and tons of simple, repetitive music that really doesn't help.You can also get stuck and when you get back to the last point you lose all the progress, and not just go back to the beginninng of the puzzle you got stuck in.PS:The physics annoied me a lot - one moment you can walk on thin air, the next you can go though object, somtimes you get knocked down after encountering something, sometimes you don't'. I caused the carousel on the second act to consistedly get stuck just by standing there. I really tried playing it, but I just get frustrated over it."
,Recommended,224460,23029765,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Middle,"A very nice, short puzzle-platformer. Graphics and animations, even when maxed, leave a little to be desired, the aesthetic of this game is great with an amazing soundtrack. Wish there had been more gameplay for the price, but it wasn't too bad considering I got this on sale, 100%ed the game in about an hour, but if you miss a few collection acheievements on your first playthrough it might take you considerably longer. The plot is fairly directed, but not so much as to feel as if you're stuck on rails, and both the characters and world are fairly interesting. Exploration of the world is rewarded with plenty of collectibles that give you a clearer picture of the story. Sounds corny, but it made me look at the shadows of the world more closely for a few days afterwards."
76561198001634437,Recommended,224460,22917381,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,[82nd]CSM.Irrad,"Contrast is a great game.  Some have commented negatively concering the lack of controls customization but I have had not issues with the stock controls even as a lefty.  The game is fun, storyline is interesting, graphics are stunning and the environmnet is beautifully designed.  I highly recommend this Indie game!"
76561198042553309,Recommended,224460,22887398,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,ChocoboMercenary,good short puzzle game
,Recommended,224460,23052169,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Pear,"This game has an interesting plot and game play which makes me want to recommend it. However I also found the game play a little frustrating because I felt it was more about right timing than actual puzzles, which sometimes made it frustrating because in the frantic attempt to get things right I would accidentally click the mouse (to be shadow or not) or hit the keyboard in the wrong direction. At one point I was screaming in rage because I just couldn't get the timing right, and scared my boyfriend who's never seen me angry before. I felt that the ending left more questions than answers, but it was a nice story on a topic rarely covered by games: parenthood and childhood."
76561198129048221,Not Recommended,224460,20928570,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,MechaMetalGamer,I lasted 28 minutesif you get a hard on for puzzlesyou will like thisif not...
76561198025264427,Recommended,224460,30692277,Posted: 23 March,all,boomerang,"It's got very nice aesthetics and atmosphere, and the puzzles are clever, but it's kinda short, and doesn't feel entirely complete."
76561198271485930,Recommended,224460,30682298,Posted: 23 March,all,ZennaC,"While the game is fairly hand-holdy for the first hour or so of playing, the puzzles are still challenging, and the art style is absolutely gorgeous!And I have to admit, I'm in love with the music.I've played through this game before with a friend, and I fell in love.Happy gaming!"
76561198100911177,Recommended,224460,20685673,"Posted: 22 January, 2016",all,skellingcrow,"Save the circus, or jump to your death multiple times trying......But it's not just Kat and Johnny's relationship that needs saving, you also get to repair a funfair !Contrast is a fairly short game, which has its charming moments. It's atmospheric and witty but also has a very significant rage potential.Biggest problems I've had : lack of checkpoints, and the controls are wonky. No, I mean really wonky. If Didi has to rely on an imaginary friend who can't jump onto a box right in front of her, or keeps dashing off the edge of the world and plummeting to her death, that kid had probably better join the circus... but we all know where that got her father...The plot starts out fine, but the end feels rushed. Was personally expecting a bit more Didi, since she's meant to be the main character. However, I felt like the kid gets left out, both by her family and the game, replaced with quite a bit of fragile masculinity (see Johnny or Fred the Knight), and marriage issues (also Johnny).On the whole, would recommend Contrast as it's very atmospheric and I loved the concept, but if you're unsure, I suggest waiting until it's on sale.( + ) Positives:+ visually pleasing+ great soundtrack+ amazing concept, mixing 2D and 3D+ fun puzzles (others not so much... trial and (t)error)( - ) Negatives:- A carousel of broken controls- Tragic lack of checkpoints making the game very much like Kat and Johnny's relationship : very difficult to save.- Game involves explicit language... on my part (mostly because of the previously mentioned points).- Broken fingers (see previous points)- … gurshdarn Fred the Knight"
76561198077396605,Recommended,224460,20846327,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Sparkle Slayer,"Contrast has a lovely soundtrack and great art. The mechanic of 2d to 3d is a lot of fun and the platforming is relatively challenging. The environments are interesting and fun to explore. The characters are... so so. The story and characters were pretty mediocre, for me. The game isn't very long, so it's not like it was painful to sit through.It's worth a play and it has a lot of potential, but I think it could have done with a better ending and less annoying characters."
,Recommended,224460,20196941,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Survivor Zero,"Contrast is an, ocassionally frustrating, noir tale. There's a shifty a guy, a hot dame, a nosy kid...and you. You're someone who lurks in the shadows, keeping a watchful eye.It is a puzzle game, dressed up with an eye catching setting, sultry music, and a french/pulp tone.I was quite pleasantly surprised by Contrast. I give it 4/5."
76561197981646483,Recommended,224460,20219269,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,podfingers,"Fun game, good story and interesting concept that was just the right length to not get boring.  It was only let down by the conrols which could be a little frustrating at times."
,Recommended,224460,16738568,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Neon10,"A very short, but very sweet puzzle platformer. The story is simple but interesting, and the same goes for the characters. But everything about the game simply oozes style.Ultimately, however, I can only recommend this game while it's on sale. $15 is a steep price to pay for a game that only lasted me two and a half hours, and that's after finding all the major collectibles. There's no benefit to collecting the minor stuff beyond what the game requires to progress. Still, if you see it cheap, buy it."
76561198121423962,Recommended,224460,16435719,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Wulfarath,Best Indie game I have ever played.
,Recommended,224460,16435997,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Leonhard Euler,Short but sweet 3d/2d puzzle platformer with a neat mechanic and decent story.
76561198080930020,Recommended,224460,16436490,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,_alice_4,"I was truely amazed at this game. It might be a bit short and has a lot more potential, but what they have going here is still really fun. It has a great atmosphere, puzzles, and art. I hope the idea is expanded in the future."
,Recommended,224460,16442073,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,HappyPrime,"+ Beautiful art design and soundtrack.+ Gameplay is unique+ Puzzles are challenging, but not unsolvable. No one should need a guide to finish this.+ Story is fascinating, occasionally suprisingly dark (Try taking a bit too long to solve some of the puzzles).- Game is too short. It took me only 3 hours to complete, getting all collectibles/achievements along the way.- Story is not substantial enough. A lot is hidden in the collectibles, but there still isn't enough to completely flesh out the universe.- Controls can be buggy. Occasionally you flicker in and out of the shadows while trying to manoeuver in the shadows.I'd recommend this game for the soundtrack alone. An entertaining game, though could have been a bit longer."
,Recommended,224460,16780966,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Nonsensical Nao,"A very satisfying experience.I absolutely LOVE the art!! The scenery by itself is fantastic and the music really made the play through enjoyable. The storyline drew me in and the characters were quirky in their own ways. There are so many great things about this game I don't want to give anything away!It's a very casual play through, not too long but not to short either. Honestly I wouldn't mind playing more. If you enjoy puzzles and platformers, I'd check it out. The puzzles were very fresh with a range of difficulty. The concept of stepping into the shadows gives each puzzle a new look. Very imaginative creations. On the other hand, a few puzzles were a bit frustrating because of the picky mechanics and I found myself forgetting simple things like how to climb because I was busy with shadow walking.Overall it was worth the buy."
76561198159607282,Recommended,224460,16782718,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Cybergirl,"I love this game. It's so interesting to play, I love the style of noir vaudeville, and the science behind it is so amazing! My only wish is that it's longer! The plot deserves a sequel!"
,Recommended,224460,17176407,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,StealthMan,"This game has a good story. But it is quite short.The game is very enjoyable.I recommend it, it's a nice game.:)"
76561198132268393,Recommended,224460,17184465,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,EkraThrawl,"This game features some very clever mechanics, a rather touching story, if a bit 'trope-y', and some great ideas. Basically, it's beautiful to look at, and fun to play... And it lasts about three hours max. The biggest frustration is that sometimes you can see the puzzle solution right away, but because of some of the slightly wonky controls it can take upwards of twenty minutes to get through the answer you saw immediately, to the point where you doubt yourself again about whether you might be wrong. That said, I still recommend it, though not at the full price, it's simply too short for $15. But overall, while it won't blow your mind, it is very cute, endearing, and has some great ideas, and most importantly, it's fun."
,Recommended,224460,30513829,Posted: 14 March,all,Den-Ex BB people : games night?,"I quite enjoyed contrast. It's a charming game with a sincere plot, a few novel mechanics, and wraps itself up in a timely manner.The puzzles are interesting but don't require you to look up a guide, and the atmosphere is nice.Some parts of the game are a little rough around the edges, but it doesn't take too much away from the experience.I'd highly recommend you play this game."
76561197966664467,Recommended,224460,17226997,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Lekwid,"The game is VERY SHORT, taking about 3 hours to finish, so make sure you get it on sale.The game itself is rather enjoyable. There's a decent story but it feels like the designer's scope for it was much bigger. I liked that the puzzles felt kind of different with the use of shadows and lighting but in the end they weren't too challenging which I guess fits with how short the game is. It really felt like the game was intended to be more than it was. It really had a lot of potential with the characters, story, puzzles, and feel but was just too short of an experience. I don't know who the developer is so I can only assume this is their first title and they might not have had the capital to really see their entire project through.I still think the game is worth playing but that the price tag isn't justified considering the amount of play time you can actually get. There is no replay value either. You complete the game and get all the achievements basically in one evening. I do feel, however, that not recommending the game because of the price tag would be wrong because it is a pretty decent game. Did I mention it was short and to get it on sale?"
,Recommended,224460,17069122,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Ploonter,"Contrast is a freaking great game.The art and design are very pretty, the concept and execution are amazing, and the plot unravels as you play and collect items, allowing you to make inferences.Contrast has a relatively limited area you can move around in during each chapter/level, so explore as thoroughly as you can. There are several little things you can find by looking around and saying ""I bet I could make it past the gate from this balcony."" But, at the same time, there will be areas where you'll think ""I can totally make that jump"" and then phase right through the ground because you're not supposed to be there.I would've liked some more jazz music, and the ability to get on pieces of land that are close enough to jump on but were not designed for walking on, but otherwise Contrast is an amazing game and I'm really glad I bought it."
76561198035364101,Not Recommended,224460,17071751,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,mandy8285,"Meh.  Different and beautiful, lacking content."
,Recommended,224460,17113064,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,DireMuffin,"This was fun. Cute.Clever premise, well written, and I love the style.As far as the plot goes, it's not terribly difficult to follow, but it does a good job leaving a few tasty loose ends. I found the puzzles to be, for the most part, straightforward - reinforced by the fact that all interactables glow, and the kid tends to tell you exactly what to do.My only complaint is that the game lacks polish. A lot of the animations are blocky and the shadows often break in weird ways. There are some places where the levels are slightly buggy, or the mechanic doesn't quite work in spots. Nothing terrible and nothing game-breaking, though.It's a good bite size: I 100%'d in about 2 hours.This isn't a full meal - again, it's not difficult to follow or play because the game walks you through it, holding your hand  - but it's a fantastic snack. It's just fun."
,Recommended,224460,17020169,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,Rich&Creamy,A GREAT indie Puzzel and platform game! In this world of rpg and tps/ fps. I thought I would go back to Puzzel and platformer games to play something different . This game definetly got me wanting more but the game is a little on the short side about 4 hr probably a little less because I was admiring the art stlye of the game which I love.I love the setting and era that the game is set in and the music is just unforgetable  I really hope a second game is in the making(or DLC) because I would love to play more of Contrast.
,Recommended,224460,16971840,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,Bamboozler,"I think this game deserves more attention, the first time I saw the trailer for this was two years ago on my Xbox 360 and I thought the main game mechanic looked awesome, the atmosphere and level design was very moulin rouge esk which isn't done often in games. Ithought the story was nice for what it was an it did envoke an emotional response. I'd give this a solid 6.5/10.For what you pay, I think you get your moneys worth, I've spent 3 hours in total playing and I even went back playing through again to find more of the hidden collectables which I enjoyed. One downside to this game is that you're thrown out of the shadows way too often when trying to complete a puzzle. I was stuck playing through the Vincenzo's hideout, I had to repeat the same jump a good 30 times before I hoped on Youtube for a walkthrough only to find I was doing everything right and the game was just being a♥♥♥♥♥♥.. Still, I would recommend this game to anyone who likes puzzles games, a unique game mechanic"
,Recommended,224460,17082967,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,stillphoto,"This game has very strong visual content.  If you are into photography or the arts and dig lighing you will find this game very entertaining.  It is a visual work of art onto itself.  Also, the song sung by Laura Ellis is wonderful."
,Recommended,224460,12629339,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Mirmi,"Simply magical in every way.Fell in love with it just by watching a trailer, and upon finishing it fell in love even deeper.Of course, may not be everyone's cup of tea, but for me at least it really feels perfect."
76561198008225825,Recommended,224460,11111643,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Daxius,"Even though I'm on the third act, this game can easily be compared to one of my favourites, ""The Longest Journey"" and even one that wasn't much liked but I loved ""Siberia"".   The concept of being able to interact in two worlds fluidly is amazing and the visuals and audio is great.     Characters and story is well thought out which is one of the most overlooked things in games and even movies sometimes which make the viewer/player get involved not only mentally but emotionally.Dax"
76561198118730846,Recommended,224460,12672806,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,amandac1978,i saw this game trailer and i said what interesting little game. and when i saw had something to do with puzzles and then shifting in and out shadow. i said cooler this game is what doubt good. you should play it.
,Recommended,224460,13294378,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,mirobutt,"this game is reasonably short, but for what it is it's ingenius and very enjoyable. if you're after a puzzle platformer that will really make you think, then contrast is definitely your game. as a bonus there's also a heartwarming story that slowly builds and unfolds, and an absolutely gorgeous feel to the graphics and the setting.the universe has to be my favourite thing about contrast, i just wish we found out a little more!"
76561197989278072,Not Recommended,224460,13309662,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Sufinator,"This was a really nice game, nice artwork and story but unfortunately too short."
,Recommended,224460,13301934,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,PinkPony,"A short, brilliant artistic romp through a extemely well-designed and challenging, but logical, platformer, using the unique mechanic of being able to jump-into and interact with any cast shadows. I 100% completed the game in 4 hours, but this is an experiance of Bioshock Infinate-levels of storytelling and atmosphere, that I feel should not be missed. You will love every moment of it!"
76561198007518763,Recommended,224460,13303584,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,dagonite,"Well, on the not so good side, this game was rather short, and it had some minor bugs concerning clipping in my opinion.On the brighter side, It had great atmosphere, a good story, nice puzzles and a good (if not wholly original) concept. On the whole, I enjoyed it very much and would recommend it to anyone who likes such puzzle platformers (as I would categorize it as such).I particularly liked that whole jazz themed soundtrack which lent the game a kind of noir atmoshpere which sat very well with the concept of the shadow world. Very nicely done!"
,Recommended,224460,13593642,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Collateral Damage Man,"No game has ever made me cry untill this. The story of this game is just fantastic, and the art! It's just beautifull!"
,Recommended,224460,13596880,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,fullfathomfive,"For such a low budges, indie release, this game is remarkably unique, gorgeous, and fun to play."
,Not Recommended,224460,13407676,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,SerGoob,"I had high hopes for contrast but clunky animations, easy puzzles and a short story really hurt what could be a great game."
76561197984986380,Recommended,224460,13338842,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Captain McScruffy Pants,"Very short game, however, awesome.  I love the originality of it and the story is very interesting and intruiging.  The puzzles are sufficiently complex without being too hard or too easy."
,Recommended,224460,13690504,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,NevaKee,Awesome littel platform/adventure game with interesting mechanics and an extremely good soundtrack!
76561197976576420,Recommended,224460,13696751,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,AKA Steve UK,"In Contrast you play as Dawn, who may, or may not, be the imaginary friend of a young girl called Didi. The game is set in a surreal fantasy city with strong tones of 1920’s Paris. Your role in the game is to accompany and guide Didi on her adventures around the city. The story takes place during a single night when Didi has snuck out, to try and reunite her mother and her estranged father.Contrast is a platform game with environment traversal puzzles. The game is fully 3D, but its unique feature is the ability to shift into the 2D world of shadows cast upon walls. Dawn uses the shadows to reach areas inaccessible in the 3D ‘real’ world.Contrast is a short game, I finished it in two sittings over the course of a weekend. Far from a criticism, the longevity was one of the aspects I appreciated most. It never outstayed its welcome or outlived its enjoyment. Unlike most games I finished it because I enjoyed it and wanted to see how it ended, rather than feeling obliged to grind on to the finish line hours after it ceased being fun.Contrast is also a fairly easy game. No 3D platform game is without a few tricky jumping sections and Contrast is no exception. But I never encountered anything that caused me to quit in frustration and I never felt lost in the game world or became stuck overlong on any particular puzzle. I never encountered any bugs, crashes, glitches or clipping errors during my play through.I enjoyed Contrast, particularly the art style and character design. I have a feeling that I would have enjoyed it less if it had been longer. But as it stands it was the perfect length for me. I would definitely recommend it to anyone looking for a fun and beautiful platform-game experience that doesn’t require a substantial investment of time."
76561198008550930,Recommended,224460,13713992,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Waffle Sorter,"This is a fun game. Think Portal, if Portal were also Psychonauts.You play as Dawn, an acrobat with the ability to merge into her own shadow - and a curious inability to directly see or be seen by anyone other than Didi. This at first seems like simply an odd quirk, until the ending draws attention to it and refuses to actually offer explanation.The controls are good, if a little more responsive on the camera than I expected. The shadow-merging mechanic could use a little more polish - I often found myself popping out of the wall without being able to figure out why, and occasionally ended up across the room from where I had been a moment prior.The story is simple, which simply leaves more room to showcase the central mechanic and the world. Most characters (seen via projected shadows) talk with their hands a lot, presumably so you can tell who's talking as lips' shadows are very small."
,Recommended,224460,13715400,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,AaronThePugLord,"Contrast is like Bioshock Infinite, but a lot shorter.It revolves around that you as a player can fuse into shadows and move around in it, and by doing so clearing obstacles. You can mess around with objects and light sources to help you with the puzzles, and its a very interesting concept. But in some parts I feel the platforming in the shadows are a little bit clunky, and I have no idea why I would just jump out of the shadows sometimes without hitting any obstacles (well I assume i didnt hit anything).Music is great, voice acting is great, story can be better, controls are a bit awkward at times for both keyboard and controller,Good game overall, short but worth it. No brainer if its on discount."
76561198097950958,Recommended,224460,13716765,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,d_,A really nice an enjoyable little game. I recommend it to anyone interested in solving puzzles in a surreal world of a little girl's imagination.
76561198039948975,Not Recommended,224460,13730503,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Bladebrent,"Game was really short, not too difficult, and maybe a bit glitchy.It had an interesting concept but the puzzles aren't that difficult to figure out once you figure out all the items at your disposal.  You could do alot with the game but it didn't really last long enough to really amaze me with a whole lot.  Phasing into the shadows is fun but its annoying getting kicked out of the shadows when it seems like you should be fine.  At one point during the Merry-go-round, there was clearly open space that kept kicking me out of the shadows for no reason, and after going around and taking another route, it stopped doing it.  There's far more that could be done than simply putting boxes into the shadows, then moving the spotlight around.  Outside of getting kicked out of the shadows at random sometimes, the puzzles aren't overall too difficult to figure out once you pick out every option at your disposal.  The last stage introduces the idea to focus the spotlight but you cant keep it focused and is only used to raise a box higher and its only used once.  Its fairly useless to introduce something out of nowhere just to solve one puzzle, especially since you need to tell the player the controls so you're basically telling them what to doOn top of getting forced out of the shadows at odd times, the models for the shadows are clearly screwed up.  Johnny's hat is often floating half off of his head, the character's limbs seem to disconnect, and you can see glitches like this even with Dawn in the shadows.  It was most noticable when you had to float down on an umbrella and it disappeared whenever I faced a specific direction.The game overall seemed a bit like Vincenzo's act in the end.  His act seemed cool but I could only see the shadows of it, and it was also over very quickly.  In fact, he seems to hint that there may be monsters in the Shadows that could prove to be an obstacle for Dawn but its never followed up on cause all thats left to do in the game is follow Didi then its over.  The game was very interesting, especially for the concept, but again, it only took 2 hours to complete.  Judging from the other reviews, it seems I may have gotten it down quickly, but in order to get 10 hours of gameplay, you would have to be looking for every luminary and every collectable, or have played through the game multiple times.  The game does have some good music and a good story, but its far too short and gameplay wise, not interesting enough to be worth the $17 (canadian) it costs normally.  I got it during a sale but even then, there's other games you could spend your money on instead"
,Recommended,224460,13736981,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Xellece,"Contrast is a really short game. But if you love puzzles music and art you'll love this game. If you got it I would say got after it during a sale, this is only due to the fact that it is a short game so I wouldnt recommend spending too much on it."
76561198034304706,Recommended,224460,13599202,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Snugglewumps,"Let me just get this out of the way first. I found the controls a bit clumsy. That is just about the only thing I can think of when it comes to negative comments. It is pretty short as well, but that gan be both good and bad.Fantastic music, great voice acting, Loved the narative of the whole thing. Some pretty cool solutions in the design of the game world. Very relaxing game foe when you want to lean back with something pretty to look at with a good story."
,Recommended,224460,13599370,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Death Dealer,"Just great game. Little bit sad maybe, fun and not too hard puzzles with shadows. The story enthralling and exciting. Lovely magical multiverse world where lights and shadows play."
,Recommended,224460,13602638,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Small Lady,"Wonderful 2D and 3D platformer, can't seem to find enough 3D platformers with linear game play. Points for the creative game play of using the shadows as 2D and for the interactive environment to solve puzzles. A bit short but beautifully done and with awesome music to match the noire -esque style. Do play it if you are able to get it!"
76561198052911175,Recommended,224460,13602748,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Fishbutts,I really enjoyed this game. It is rather short and there are a few things that could make it better but I still enjoyed it. The art is lovely and the story intresting.
76561198044589478,Recommended,224460,13602923,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Merried Seinor Comic,"Pretty interesting; took a very minimalistic approach to telling a 20's-esque story. Would fairly recommend if you're interested in a short, artsy game."
,Recommended,224460,13583276,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Grandpa Karma,You know the shadow people in the corner of your eyes?NOW THEY MADE A GAME OF THEM!10/0 Brining back child hood fears.
76561198090422178,Recommended,224460,13583955,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,The Peebles,Fantastic game with a unique concept.  Love the music and the style.I haven't played all the way through yet but from what I've seen so far I have to say I really am enjoying this game.  Some of the controls take getting used to but that's coming from someone who's not very good at platforming games.I'm interested to see how the game will unfold.
76561198024788642,Recommended,224460,13576213,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Hello Kitty,"I would'nt play this again. very promising game machanics, good sense of humer and beautiful artistic vision, however it lacks in story detail. you are never given the information on how an imaginary friend can affect the world, only that you have powers and everyone in the world can't be seen by you and wont question how the world is changing.At the begining you will need to abandon logic and just follow the motions. your powers depend souly on the environment to begin with but as time goes on that rule is thrown away aswell.i enjoyed this game for what it was but i wish i could have experienced what it could've been."
,Recommended,224460,13576942,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Shadow5,Fantastic musical score and a tripadelic world was highly refreshing to this seasoned gamer/
,Recommended,224460,13579017,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Restricankilter,"Honestly, just a top-notch game 10/10 love this game so much. Yes it is relatively short but what it lacks in length it makes up for in story."
,Recommended,224460,13580234,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,TheDragonFruite,I must say from all the Reviews i have made this most be one of the best indie game i have ever played.The setting is just perfect and the shadow pussels are amazing.The only downside to this game is that its only 3 akts and then its over.But all in all a good game to play.10/10
76561197966721142,Not Recommended,224460,13581035,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,RiPerils,"The 'gimmie that swing' song from the trailer isnt on the sound track, boo. But I did find a hidden Tardis. Over all the gmae is kind of lacking in fun."
76561198053966570,Recommended,224460,13581518,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Matt_Trivit,"Warning this game is Short. it took me 2 hours to finish it and will probably only take me 30 or so minutes more to 100% it.That being said. Holy Crap i love this game. The story is pretty straight forward, you are helping a little girl fix her fathers problems. In an attempt to get your family back together. There are some wholes in the story  that never get answered, but i don't think that this detracts from the game, unless you are purely here for the story and not the ability to jump in and out of shadows. Yes there is a lot left to be wanted on the story side, expecially in the ending, I was actually angry with how they cut it off. The game is still a great story.Onto my favorite part of this game, its biggest attraction, shadow jumping (not what the game calls it). This is so much fun and its also just fun jumping in and out of shadows, using shadows as ramps. It is sad that the only real puzzles come up with focus mainly on the shadow world, yes you will have to manipulate things in the 3d world but everything boils down to how to move the shadows into the right place. I would have  liked it if there had been more need for puzzle solving in just the 2d world of the shadows and the 3d world, along with the ones that rely on both world. I feel that would have given me a more intimate experience with the world that the devs created.I recommend this game, its short and sweet and has left me wanting more from this little universe that has so much personality in it. I am hoping and am wishing for a sequel, probably never going to happen."
76561198040857834,Recommended,224460,13385087,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Special K,"Contrast was refreshingly different in the way it allowed players to manipulate both two and three dimensional worlds. Set in a noir atmosphere of Paris you play as Dawn, the imaginary friend of Didi Malenkaya. Dawn is able to jump in between shadows, sometimes by altering with light sources to assist Didi on her journey to reunite her broken family. I enjoyed finding collectables throughout the levels which gave background and a deeper connection to the characters. Would definately recommend Contrast to those who want to try something new."
,Recommended,224460,13265235,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Lexie_tekie,"I like this game for a few reasons. The first is the you can use the keyboard and mouse or a controller.Also, the story and the characters move along at a reasonible pace.I would like to recommend that if you like this you will like Alice: Maddness ReturnsOther puzzle games with the same vibe at Psychonaughts and Beyond Good and Evil."
76561198009856577,Recommended,224460,14087992,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Gary_Fratman,Game play was fun and easy to follow. The story line was spectacular as well. Although at some points the game progression was a bit foggy. All in all I loved the game and would definitely ply it again.
76561197965252024,Recommended,224460,14093681,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,:SH: SDA,Very enjoyable game mechanics - huge potential - way too short.
76561198061191592,Recommended,224460,13950101,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,alekzanderlr,"Loved this game even though I usually hate platformers.Great visuals, story and game mechanics.The only bad point is that it's quite short."
76561198045630846,Recommended,224460,13949197,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,x4mer,"Absolutely loved this game. The system of going back and forth from real to shadow, was done really well. Puzzles were enjoyable, without being tedious. Storyline was really enjoyable, with nice period piece settings and music to go along with it.My only complaint would be the length of the game, but any time a game is so good you can't put it down, it ends up seeming too short once you're done.10/10. Would be an awesome shadow shifter again."
,Recommended,224460,14009450,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Lexiellent,"I know that this game has it's bugs/glitches, but I still love it. The art style, the theme, and the music especially create a lovely noir-esque adventure.  It only takes between 2-3 hours to complete (includes finding all collectibles and luminaries) so it's great for just a quick evening sitdown. The controls are simple and while the puzzles do progress in difficultly they do so at a steady intuitive rate while telling an interesting story about a little girl and her troubled family.This is not a game for everyone, but is a great choice for anyone who loves a good story, pretty art, interesting concepts, and incredible music."
,Recommended,224460,13938624,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Hansonwey,"Contrast is really a good game for people who are interesed  in the puzzle, but sometimes puzzlers will not face any big challenges when playing this game. You must controll the role quickly without any mistakes. After 3 hours, I want to cut off my fingers. WTF."
76561198034962270,Recommended,224460,13763525,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,dryan,Excellent game.  Very creative concept with well-themed puzzles that have kept me interested.
76561198013297747,Recommended,224460,13830863,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,koosframboos,"The good:Inventive puzzle mechanisms.Beautiful art style.Great atmosphere.Interesting story concept.The bad:Puzzles are often too easy.Platforming is frustrating for all the wrong reasons.Game is glitchy in places and crashed on me 3 times in just as many hours, requiring me to replay huge chunks.While the story is interesting at first, there's no big pay-off.Game is easily finished in 3 hours, if you don't crash that is.All in all Contrast is a great promise of a game that just doesnt deliver on it's potential.Nevertheless the shadow puzzles and atmosphere are worth it.Try it when it's on sale."
,Recommended,224460,13836902,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Damina,"Contrast is a beautiful and entertaining game. I found the environment, story and gameplay very intriguing from the get-go. As the game progresses the puzzles get more difficult and challenging, in mind as well as execution, just the way I like it. One could argue it was borderline too short, but fit me and my current schedule well enough. As for something negative I believe they could have elaborated the ending. If finding the all collectables, finds throughout the game giving hints and details to the story, you are able to realise the big mystery and thus get the ending. But I feel like the developers relied to heavily on finding the collectables being the ""big giveaway"" and surprise factor that the ending just felt a bit anticlimactic. It was a shame as the game had been bold and exciting up until that point. Either way it's a game I truly recommend. If you have a thing for puzzles, are fascinated by the 20's and/or like good soundtracks I believe you should give it a go."
,Recommended,224460,13837366,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Vulpes Vulpes,"Very good. Play, if you like non-shooter games, or u just like a good picture and story"
,Recommended,224460,13838613,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,snowbentley,"This is one of the most beautiful and imaginitive games that I have ever played. The gameplay as well as the story are incredibly unique and creative, and the scenery will leave you breathless. You won't regret playing it!"
,Recommended,224460,13784742,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,[DC] xTheQuiet1x,"Thoroughly enjoying this game. It is very creative in its gameplay, puzzles, and graphics."
,Recommended,224460,14201327,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Tabula Rasa,"It's painfully short, but Contrast has some really solid voice acting, art direction, and writing. The controls are a little floaty and it's hard to judge where your character is going to land during platforming segments, but I can still recommend it despite the flaws because of the really solid storytelling."
,Recommended,224460,14209369,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,PiT,"Nice yet really short game. The shadow shifting technique is innovative and well implemented, the puzzles are not that hard but the sometimes buggy game mechanics make them a bit frustrating. Amazing OST, I really like the jazzy-swingy mid-30s european atmosphere. It's rathers simple getting nearly every achievement during one playtrough.A bit overpriced for a couple hours play, grab it if it's on sale."
76561198002379247,Recommended,224460,14217450,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,zephris,"If I were to give this game a rating, it would be 5 out of 10. The genre is very intrguing and does very well for being a game where the player does not commit violence. The shadowplay is incredible, the voice acting great, and overall, this game deserves more than 5 our of 10 if it weren't for...The controls and movement. Buggy at best, infuriating at its worst. The player character lurches when changing directions which sends you sailing into the abyss more often than not. Switching from a 3D control style to a 2D control style lends a natural use of the W key for jump but this is not the default mapping.It is a complete world unto itself but does not lend itself to immersion. It is clear that Didi (""diddy"", if you prefer, since she's always looking for her real ""diddy) is going through her memories either with the help of a friend, an imaginary friend, or as an adult hoping to fix her issues and this surreal landscape lends itself well to that. However, beyond that it is clear that it is a ""bubble"" world that doesn't really hold you. There's enough missing from the environment and gameplay and world that you constantly realize that this is a game with a story of a dysfunctional set of actors.The puzzles start off very easy and tend to stay that way until the end of the game when an entirely new mechanic with jumps and shadow-merges at a difficulty level previously unencountered is introduced. When going into the lighthouse, you are expected to understand this mechanic and how to use it with no instruction or hints. For a hardcore gamer, this will likely be fine but the gameplay lends itself more to a casual style so this sudden leap in difficulty is jarring and frustrating in and of itself. Once you figure out the difficulty of the new mechanics, however, it becomes little easier to understand. It is not reasonable to use hints that previously indicated an object to interact with as hints for some other part of the mechanic of the puzzle. Changing the rules like that makes the hint system unaffective and almost useless.That said, the storytelling is indeed superb.And finally, this game is far too short and the idea of shadowplay is not explored as well as it should have been. If you want a casual game that requires no real commitment and one or maybe two days play, this game is for you. As a matter of comparison, I played casually and only logged 4 hours on it. I think, however, that gamers of today will be disappointed with the lack of content and linear gameplay. This game feels more like a proof of concept than a finished idea however polished the end product is. This game is worth purchasing but if you pay full price, you're paying too much unless you just want a short distraction and aren't paying attention to cost."
,Recommended,224460,26233718,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Talon One,"The controls are a bit clunky but overall the game is really good. Nice noir atmosphere, some steampunk elements and the platforming in the shadows is really new and interesting.The well-written story also helps a lot."
76561198029112202,Recommended,224460,22730515,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Dark_Sky,"I enjoyed this game a lot, but I really recommend getting when its on sale.  The story is very interesting and whimisical in its own way, but this is definitely one of those games that could have benefited from a bit more content.  I feel like a lot of content was cut or scrapped before it made it in which is unfortunate because there is a completely different story that it sounds like never made it in.  I beat the game in just over 3 hours, but I did that while still taking the time to poke around in the corners and retrying the more difficult puzzles multiple times (during the shadow puppet show I would intentionally die so the narrator would have to interupt himself and mention how I died, that was probably a good 20 plus minutes right there).  Someone good at platforming could probably clear it in less than 2.  Also, the shadow jumping is not as smooth as the trailers imply, just a heads up.  Several things they imply you can do in game aren't viable moves.  Aside from that?  I would definitely pick this game up for $5.  The story is fun, the game play is interesting, and while short I did enjoy the game.  Most of the other reviews touch on the things I liked and disliked so check them for more details."
76561198060888778,Recommended,224460,27604844,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,daximusprime42,"Great story, graphics, and mechanics. It's fairly short and definitely worth your time."
,Recommended,224460,27746375,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,LawBeefaroni OO,"Creative and visually interesting game.  Not a long game but solid plot, great pacing, and fun puzzles."
76561198159505474,Recommended,224460,27514944,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Aier,"I really love this game and I would totally recommend this game for someone who likes a good puzzle game, that is different from the rest!I love the story, I love the music, I love the characters and I really love the way the game uses the shadows for the puzzles and the characters! The only bad thing about this game is that it's not longer than it is, I finish it in almost 6 hours and I would love if there was more."
76561198203633355,Recommended,224460,27578493,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,GibusNOObLOL,"This game has great visuals, takes place in a very nostalgic era, very euphoric jazz music, and pretty good storyline. A great indie game as well as their new game ""we happy few"""
,Recommended,224460,9096020,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,TsukiNaito,"Outstanding puzzle game! Makes you think on a different level than any other game I've played. Backed with a fairly decent story line and smooth jazz this is deffinately worth spending money on.Whole new take on an overused genre, really hoping for more!"
,Recommended,224460,27626223,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Huskabee,"Had this on my wishlist for awhile and I'm glad I finally got it. After reading some of the reviews I was worried about the camera or mechanics not being the best, but I didn't have any problems at all! The art/music/story was great. The puzzles are rather easy, but that didn't stop me from enjoy them. Only took about 3-4 hours to finish and pick up missing achievements."
,Recommended,224460,28166670,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,sonderkraftfahrzeug,"This is a nice short 3d/2d Action Platformer where you manipulate objects to cast shadows on a wall. Once manipulated you can enter the wall as a shadow in a 2D world where you can now jump from shadow to shadow to reach your destination. You can enter and exit the walls only where there is a source of light and you can even get other objects into the shadow world like boxes and cubes etc... It makes for a unique platformer experience. The game has great visuals, story and audio and some fun puzzles. It is quite short but still worth to get on sale. 8/10"
76561198293430214,Recommended,224460,22735252,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,awaro42,"Fun game, great opening song, awesome concept.  However, It's a little glitchy in the graphics and the story's very short (only about 5 hours). I wish the soundtrack carried through the whole story, but there's very little ambient sound throughout actual gameplay. All around, it's a fun way to spend a few hours, but I probably won't be playing it again...which is a shame; the concept is really quite wonderful."
76561198090285510,Not Recommended,224460,22296982,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Yliander,"I actually waited for this game to go on sale because I loved the concept and liked the style. And yes, the style is pretty cool, but the game failed for me in terms of gameplay, mainly due to the controls. When I knew how to solve a puzzel I would het stuck because I couldn't steer the character properly. I don't game a lot, so maybe it`s me, but this is the main reason I didn;t like the game, even though the atmosphere is amazing."
76561197991756070,Recommended,224460,22411517,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Jordy,"Nice game. What you see in the trailers is what you get. Basically, this game is not really cool, but the aspect with using the light and shadows makes this a unique and great game!"
,Recommended,224460,28693631,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,evankyle86,My gf loved this game!
76561197973964129,Recommended,224460,28660277,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Divina | lomogeek,"Overall, I really enjoyed the game. It took me about 7 hours to complete and the puzzles were a little challenging at times but catching all the Luminaries were more challenging. The story wasn't bad either but I found myself getting annoyed with Didi as the game continued. If I could turn off the voices and just listen to the soundtrack, I'd be a happier gamer."
76561198006446452,Recommended,224460,28519863,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Doc,I am very happy with the value that I obtained from the purchase of this game.  The system requirements are not too overwhelming.  The story was entertaining and heart warming.  I would recommend this game to anyone who enjoys puzzles and platforming.  Hard core reflexes not a requirement!
76561198137379639,Recommended,224460,28069271,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,PopofCully,"Beautifully made puzzle game with great music, art, and story. It will only take a few hours to complete, but it's worth the look."
76561198021806833,Recommended,224460,28131297,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,k-mita,Short and sweet.
76561198002049680,Recommended,224460,28158187,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Dimvision,"A nice game to play on a free evening (or two) as a change of pace for more action-oriented games. The story, music, and voice acting were surprisingly good for an indie title, and definitely the selling features of the game as a gamer generally not too interested in puzzlers.  Although there are a few quirks in the physics (attributed largely to the unique game mechanics), the puzzles were a range of easy to challenging, but ultimately rewarding as a progression of the story.I recommend this on sale for somebody wanting to throw down a few hours of interesting puzzles and a well-presented burlesque themed story."
76561198070700869,Recommended,224460,27782236,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,NOLEM,Fantastic short game. Loved the unique puzzle aspect and the music. For <5 bucks there's no reason not to get this game.
76561198010298584,Recommended,224460,28231409,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,GameKeeperZ,Fantastic game. Really unique gameplay with the shadows and puzzle solving. I'd recommend the french voice acting if you can understand it. (Or mess around with the language files for English subtitles)
76561198055689944,Recommended,224460,28085727,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,JestJester,The game has a good storyline and interesting puzzles using a wide variety of shadow interactions. The unique art and gameplay left me wishing for more acts. One thing I encountered during the game was invisible walls. Sometimes I would get stuck where no wall was apparent. This only happened in two places though and does not detract from the game. It's definitely worth a playthrough and I can't wait to play it again!
,Recommended,224460,28242484,"Posted: 7 December, 2016",all,Rentsis,"Pretty interesting to play around with, not your usual puzzle game. Would be great for a lover of indie games. Graphics sometimes are quite glitchy, but over all it's pretty good"
,Recommended,224460,27925454,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Lechs5,The world is beautiful. I really love the style of the game. The way you switch between your physical form and your shadow form to get through different pathways and puzzles throughout the game is an amazing idea. I can't get enough of the soundtrack too.
76561198142754564,Recommended,224460,27912733,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,LockHearted,"I love this game. I enjoyed the story and characters. The puzzles were difficult but in a fun way. The 3rd person camera could  be a little difficult sometimes, but over all it was fine. Over all I think it's fun and different."
76561197979928405,Recommended,224460,28960596,Posted: 2 January,all,JINAK,A sad tale for a sad world. The game sadly ends to soon however the story and play are exceptional. Here's hoping they pick it up and continue it!
76561198182519131,Recommended,224460,28926717,Posted: 1 January,all,Im_abunny,"Contrast is a fun and charming puzzle game with a very interesting concept and atmosphere. While it is a very short game, it is jam packed with heart. The only problem with the game, in my opinion, is the control of the game. The puzzles are set in a 3D world with complicated movement, and often the player is asked to be more precise in movement than is really possible. Still, I would recommend this game to people looking for a good puzzle game or a good story."
,Recommended,224460,28840178,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Twist,"I liked the atmosphere and soundtrack of the game a lot since I am a fan of the noir genre. The subject and story of this game are lacking depth and there are a couple of unanswered questiosn when it comes to the background of the main characters.Some of the puzzles were good and I think they did a good job with the shadow transitions and mechanics of the 2d -3d game change. The gameplay is pretty short, 3-4 hours without taking all collectables.Overall, I would recommend it if it is on sale."
,Recommended,224460,28911619,Posted: 1 January,all,Django,"A nice, fun, rather small, puzzle game, with a really great story behind it all."
76561198014055694,Recommended,224460,28940098,Posted: 2 January,all,Eclaer,"It is your turn to be a little girls' imaginary friend. You and the girl are the only things fleshy, everybody else is a shadow. But you can go into shadow as well, to move into places only shadows can reach. This is a novel mechanic to the reviewer and base of many a puzzle in the game! Without a word, you assist the little girl in what the girl wants to do, she and the actors do the talking, and a shadowy human relationships story spins out amidst the shadows and colourful imagery of the past, a sprawling, disconnected, fragmentary dream of a city with its flavour of the roaring twenties, the universal exhibitions, stage magic, moustaches and scientific discoveries new and thrilling at the time.I declare the controls could have been a bit more robust and often I slipped out of shadow without intention!Finally it may entertain the more lecherous audiences that the shadow of the girls' mother possibly has the biggest and roundest chest ever seen on a computer game shadow and fine and large contrasts are thus created."
,Recommended,224460,28888438,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Afternoon Tea,"Some of the physics needed some work, but the concept of using the world of the shadows to help you advance was very cool! It reminds me of this one game I can't quite remember, it had a similar concept. The story is simple, but cute, and you can run around or wander about all you like. The enviornment is very pretty too! Some of the puzzles are confusing at first but they're solvable. I will give you a tip though, you can pick up some objects and shift into the wall with them, I wasn't able to figure that out my first time.I give this game an 8.5/10, it may be short lived, but it's a cute little game nonetheless!"
,Recommended,224460,29168314,Posted: 10 January,all,altrewin,Interesting game mechanicsLooks greatFantastic soundtrackMy only regret is that I didn't play it sooner!
76561198326189505,Recommended,224460,29119217,Posted: 8 January,all,Zub4ir,"Short game. Nice puzzles. A bit easy, but it was a different. Has potential to be a big game."
76561198063541411,Recommended,224460,29489686,Posted: 25 January,all,Arcaden,For €10 you get a brilliant idea (the switching to and from the shadow world) which you have to use to solve puzzles based on light based physics in a sleepy noir setting. Despite the charming mechanics and art style the game feels incomplete due to the short 5 hour story and an unpolished feeling while moving through the world which I cant quite put my finger on. All in all you are paying for more of an experience than a game and the experience was unique. It is up to you whether the price is worth that. 7/10
76561198067143219,Recommended,224460,29411680,Posted: 21 January,all,Theedenmgee,"One of my new favorite games! The puzzles were great and get more complex as you go, the storyline is intriguing and really well done, and the art and design of every aspect of this game is beautiful. The ending was very satisfying as well."
76561198073375206,Recommended,224460,29056673,Posted: 6 January,all,Shan (Fisto),"I really enjoyed this consol port even though it was primarily aimed at a female, gender neutral auidenece. It offered enough  story to make up for the lack of challenge in the game. I reccomend a pick up when on a decent sale"
,Recommended,224460,29401845,Posted: 21 January,all,Aria Theo,"While the engine is undeniably short on polish, the concept and graphics of Contrast are definitely worth exploring."
76561198124965595,Recommended,224460,25729246,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Ayn,"The style of Contrast is right up my ally - it's beautiful, mysterious, slightly eerie and reminiscent of Ye Olden Times romanticism. That combined with the amazingly original premise of playing as an imaginary friend accompaning a little girl living in a world of shadow people made the game a really unique experience. There's something infinitely thrilling in running along the walls as a shadow, climbing on the shadows of others.Unfortunately, that's where it stopped for me, but it could well be that I want this game to be something that it's just not. It's essentially a puzzle game, but I personally found that most of the ""puzzles"" were incredibly easy to solve and the story itself, as much as there was one, was pretty linear, complete with average-to-poor voice acting, thus leaving me wanting more. The full price of Contrast isn't much, but I still have to say that there isn't much content even for that price point - I completed the game in a bit over 3 hours, and that already included several re-dos of some of the sections. I imagine that if one is not as tippy-tumbles as I was, the game is easily completable in 2,5 hours.Don't get me wrong - I still recommend it (especially when it's on sale) to people who like puzzle games for it has a truly unique style, but I personally just feel like the idea of this game has such potential that it's almost kind of wasted here and I would have loved to see it developed to a full-length game with a bit more depth.All 'n' all a solid 7/10  for what it is, 5/10 for what I wish it would be."
76561197969252059,Recommended,224460,31202905,Posted: 17 April,all,Bingo,beautiful game with simple story. the soundtrack is excellent
76561198088542964,Recommended,224460,30351734,Posted: 5 March,all,mdvdb9412,"A fun platformer/puzzle game with a pretty intriguing story. While the story is quite confusing for the first 2/3 of the game, it all gets tied together really nicely at the end. I was glad for that as there were several confusing moments when things just didn't make any sense. If you are caught up on the story, keep playing as it is a really cool concept once you understand the whole plot (for which the collectibles are extremely important, mind you). In addition, the music was quite enjoyable.The puzzles themselves are not too difficult and you can easily grasp what you are supposed to do. The platforming, on the other hand, honestly needs a bit of work (It is at this point I should note I played with the steam controller, so I did not have the problems with the keyboard/mouse controls that some other people were having). The mechanic the game is centered around, transforming into shadow and back is quite unreliable. In fact, once I re-watched the game trailer after finishing the game, I almost had to laugh at the smoothness at which the protagonist was able to switch between the two forms and move about with ease. The unreliability I experienced was  of three forms:1) Sometimes when I wanted to switch to shadow form in the air (next to a wall when the prompt was showing), I was unable to.2) Jump heights of certain platforming areas were off. In more detail, I am specifically speaking about the times where I was not in charge of shaping the jump heights, but rather the ones put in place by the devs that are immovable. I found myself have to repeatedly jump at an obstacle mashing the jump button until my character decided to stick the landing and allow me to rapidly jump up the rest of the obstacle.3) The worst of the three issues is when trying to accomplish some platforming while in shadow form.I found that sometimes I would be forced out of a wall when there were no shadows blocking my path or any other apparent obstacles. Most of the time this would happen on an uneven wall (see Act 3 in the lab for reference) as I was moving forward. For some reason the game does not like the uneven walls and glitches you out of them. This is more ok than the other times it happened (explained next) as it was predictable and something I could plan for. The second way this happened was completely random. I remember most vividly this happening in the scene with the carousel where I would shadow dash through a small obstacle, be clear on the other side but then all of the sudden be forced out of the wall, causing me to need to restart the platforming once again. This happened at random and was quite frustrating to deal with at times.Even with these platforming issues, I feel I must still recommend this game, though not for the price it is offered. I think I got this on sale for $5, which is closer to what I would recommend purchasing it for. I finished the game easily in 3 hours, and even almost 100% on the first run through, only needing about five minutes extra to go back and finish the last two achievements I missed. $10 for 3 hours of gameplay is a little much in my opinion so I would recommend grabbing it while it is on sale.Again, overall, great story and music. The platforming can be a bit frustrating at times, but overall does not detract too much from the gameplay."
,Recommended,224460,27164554,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Calamity Jones,"Pros:Interesting, innovative mechanic.Awesome art direction.Great voice acting.Cons:Occasionally wonky controls.Concept could have been expanded on to make a longer game.If Tim Burton was to design a game, it might look something like this... It's gorgeous, with an interesting and unique central gameplay mechanic that is unfortunately a bit dodgy at times..."
76561198024932936,Recommended,224460,31238647,Posted: 19 April,all,Angry Marine,"How do you make a short Review? You make a Pro and Con List:Pro:+ Art Style+ Story+ SettingCon:- Rather ShortI really liked the game, I mainly got it because of the art style and the setting (the twenties but experienced as a shadow) and it turned out to have a nice story as well (which perfectly fits in with the setting)"
76561198072779217,Recommended,224460,31360660,Posted: 25 April,all,Bastoc,"My experience in a nutshell :Cool game mechanic. Simple puzzles.Simple story. Quite enigmatic. Touching ? Maybe.Very nice art/atmosphere. Somehow marvellous and dark.Fresh breeze, swiftly gone, but its chill longlasting."
76561198261771230,Recommended,224460,31494628,Posted: 1 May,all,scottishdraka,"This game was a joy to play.  The characters were unique, the story was interesting, and the puzzles were well constructed.  The only thing I did not like in terms of mechanics was that the camera was controlled by the mouse.  Sometimes this resulted in the player missing a jump or falling into oblivion due to the funky camera angle of the mouse.  Other than that, I thought everything worked very well and thoroughly enjoyed the game."
76561198066843544,Recommended,224460,31488934,Posted: 1 May,all,ChiSatO1,Amazing! truly fantastic! This is the first game that I entirely beat and this has to be one of the most good-looking and heart-warming game I've ever played. Totally worth playing again someday!
,Recommended,224460,31774979,Posted: 15 May,all,T1NY_D4NC3R,"A puzzel/platformer kind of game. Awesome story, with a great and creative atmosphere. SUPER ADDICTIVE! 10/10, would buy again"
76561198026896888,Recommended,224460,31860093,Posted: 20 May,all,louishan80,Very beaautiful game and very unique gameplay...too bad its kinda short.....way too short...
,Recommended,224460,31917966,Posted: 23 May,all,Mistabullit,Beautiful game which I will get back to one day when I have a little more patience.
76561198054490704,Recommended,224460,32550582,Posted: 18 June,all,Befumms,I love the art style and game mechanic. I was really interested in the story and characters. Only negative thing to say is i wish it were longer so i could have played it more!
76561198343466502,Recommended,224460,32608507,Posted: 20 June,all,JVWriter90,"This is a game I played a few weeks ago. It's extremely short but a lot of fun. It has very unique ideas behind it. The basic premise is that you play as Dawn the imaginary friend of Didi (Who is super sweet and such a spite fire). Didi is so rebellious and mischievous. She's one of the few children characters that is well represented in media. She's not annoying and the game genuinely makes you care about her. The game is about the mess that is Didi's family and as Dawn you help her try keep her family together. Didi is such a precious and sweet child that you end up just wanting the best for her.  The game is a little steampunk and has the atmospheres of the 1920s in the United States just before our great depression. It has that taste of the wonderful jazz music and all the lovely themes of that time.I think this game only took me an hour to complete. It's very liner but has a very rich story line. When you play it there is a lot of collectibles in the world which fill you in on the story. They aren't hard to find just look carefully. The puzzles are hard enough that interesting but not hard enough to drive you insane.Contrast as a wonderful music in it such as Kat's Song(Didi's mom, who is a singer at a nightclub in the world.) Ft. Laura Ellis, House on Fire Ft. Laura, and I recommend listening to Gimme me that swing by Cissie Redgwick."
76561198019906160,Recommended,224460,32077368,Posted: 30 May,all,NetMoverSitan,"For those who want to start on Puzzle games, want to mix in some platforming and some collectable gathering, this game is recommended, it also has a simple to understand plot, involving a disobediant child, a two-dimensional circus performer (some of the time) and a few nasty people."
76561198042434950,Recommended,224460,32230735,Posted: 6 June,all,paulyster,"Its a little short, but its a great game after a hard days work. Very relaxing themes, interesting puzzles, and wonderful chracter voice acting. I recommend it for anyone."
76561198058250875,Recommended,224460,32217462,Posted: 6 June,all,PortalBoss_YT,really good story i love the 1920`s feel of it all
,Not Recommended,224460,7669471,"Posted: 16 November, 2013",all,(PG)FluffyPandaPants,Contrast really is not worth the buy. The game has a ton of bugs it is really easy to fall through the map or to be a shadow inside somewere you shouldnt be. At points i had no idea what the hell to do and ended up breaking the game more than once (not all were intentional). Movement isn't  good. The game is also incredibly easy and  the game is only about 2 hours long. If the game goes on sale for like 5 bucks you could try it out. Oh and the ending i did not get it at all. It was building up to somethin and then bam no ♥♥♥♥ing idea what the hell went on the entire story line was.
76561198173606567,Recommended,224460,32262956,Posted: 8 June,all,KeinSchiesse,"If you're looking for a platforming game with a chill environment and pace, this will suit you well. Its noir / pulp / theater / vaudeville setting will appeal to fans of those genres, as it has surreal environments with dark, moody European esque streets which the player traverses. I would recommend checking out actual gameplay videos, as I don't think the trailers here depict the game's pacing or more laidback atmosphere well.I like that the story is presented in somewhat obscure ways, in which you watch ""flashbacks"" from shadows cast upon the alleyways, to find out more about the father, his lover, and their daughter, as they struggle to make payments to unsavory characters. The platforming mechanic of warping into and out of shadow areas is novel at first, but its implementation can seem a bit strange at times too (i.e. figure out which picnic table umbrellas to open, to make a shadow casting a line for you to navigate on the 'shadow plane' that your character can warp into.., or later an at-times tedious elevator puzzle in which you push elevator buttons to change the cast shadows on the wall to be able to warp into the shadows and then progress upward, etc...)There are some platforming staples including collectibles, a dash ability to smash through previously unseen areas, etc...The daughter character can get a little annoying in a ""child character always scared / whining / crying"" type of way at times, but the voice acting in the game is well done overall.I think this game deserves more recognition than it ever got, as it is pretty relaxing to play and the stylized setting itself is pretty well done with a unique platforming mechanic, if you're a fan of old theater / noir type of environments and can look past the game's somewhat visible-graphical age, I think you may enjoy it."
,Recommended,224460,32323241,Posted: 10 June,all,Apriarcy,I'm seriously hating myself for taking soo long to buy and play this game. What an awesome game!This has to be one of the most unique games I've played in a long time. The puzzles felt fresh and the platforming was difficult. I definitely struggled my way through some of the puzzles.The story was pretty unique and the cast of characters were enjoyable.10/10 would play again.
76561198274755629,Recommended,224460,32743347,Posted: 24 June,all,cutiepie,"i love it!!!!! :):) i love the story, the little girl who would do anything for her father who is trying be a keep everything togther. i would recommed this game. i love it :)"
,Recommended,224460,15568863,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,mgegersdorfer,"I thought the plot was interesting. I enjoyed solving the puzzles and using the shadows with lights, whilst scaling buildings and objects. I was impressed with the theme.When the game ended, I noticed I was disapointed because it was too short.If you enjoy 3rd person adventue games, I recomend trying Contrast."
,Recommended,224460,33799541,Posted: 25 July,all,Crimson FURY,"Argh.The worst kind of clunky interface ever.I get stuck in objects, cannot move, and have to reload from a previous checkpoint (very far back)I press jump and at the critical moment i need to go into shadows..I hit the key and.nothing happens. I fall and I die. Over and over againMoving with any kind of precision is an exercise in frustration. Trying to jump over a narrow gap, I gingerly tap jump and my character vaults 10 meters forward into the air and I fall...to my deathCamera angles straight out of 1999. The worst kind. Cant even see 5 meters in front of me when its really bad.But I  forgive you. Because you are beautifully drawn, have such a wonderful soundtrack, and the storyline is top notchGive your designer and musician a raise, but for god's sake, fire your game engineer and your gameplay beta testers"
76561198067704591,Not Recommended,224460,16063698,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,ParmenionGiant,"The concept is great but the execution disappointing. I really wanted to like this game but it has too many major flaws.The controls are very poor which is really annoying for a platform game. The story and the characters are superficial, boring and do not really make much sense. The game is very short (~3 hours) and still did not manage to keep me entertained.On the plus side, the artwork and the soundtrack are nice and successfully set a film noir atmosphere."
,Recommended,224460,33772844,Posted: 24 July,all,Kenshin csgo500,"Pros:A nice game, with unique gameplay style.Beatiful art and music.Interesting story.Cons:It is too short but for the actual price it is not a big problem, specially if you got in a sale."
,Recommended,224460,33923019,Posted: 31 July,all,hexheli,"I got this game for the puzzle and ""dark"" factors, no regrets. The puzzles are different than your average puzzle game. The story is good. The music is lovely, the graphics are stunningly beautiful. Gameplay is great although I'd fix a couple buggy issues where when you shadowstep you get kicked out of shadowstep. Other than that, stellar game. I only wished it lasted longer.4.5/5"
,Recommended,224460,33909240,Posted: 30 July,all,Creme Fraiche,"Beatiful puzzle adventure game.Get it on sale tho, it's really short!"
76561198052580944,Recommended,224460,33936809,Posted: 31 July,all,snvsk,"Short, fun, and very clever. The game is glitchy and oftentimes controlling Dawn is a nuisance, but the game more than makes up for it by including very forgiving checkpoints and wonderful atmosphere. Definitely worth picking up if you like puzzle games and short stories."
,Recommended,224460,33953898,Posted: 1 August,all,asifandwhen,Plays exactly like a long-lost level of Psychonauts and I mean that as the sincerest kind of compliment.
76561198028542835,Recommended,224460,33982534,Posted: 2 August,all,OAK-RAT,"This game is not perfect. I a little rough in some areas and takes about 2 hours to finish, less if you know what you're doing. But this game has a unique and fun gameplay, great visuals and setting, and (most importantly) alot of heart."
76561198057088681,Recommended,224460,34046086,Posted: 5 August,all,TheLoadedPotato,"Short but sweet little platform puzzle game. only complaints were some hit boxes for the platforming segments didnt quite match up the way they we're supposed to. Runs fairy well, replay low unless your a completionist. At three hours I would still pay the full price but I like this genre/ timeline."
,Recommended,224460,34687546,Posted: 2 September,all,zehroh,Nice little romp through 3D and 2D worlds. Controls can get a little frustrating. Also this is one of rare few third person prespective games that can cause motion sickness for the player. Resolved it by toggling the mouse sensitivity down low and changing the FOV. (google search motion sickness contrast to find the steam community post)A+
76561198121525425,Recommended,224460,34926566,Posted: 13 September,all,bobo gadget,"I found this game great fun. the mechanic of switching between the 3d world and the 2d shadow realm was something completely new (to me.) Sadly enough the game was that long, resulting in me finishing it in one school week, but I still had a blast."
,Recommended,224460,34950197,Posted: 14 September,all,ssxmik0,"The Game ""Contrast"" is a little platformer and mystery game ive played it for 2 hours and i must say the game is amezing.the story is a little bit confusing but if you check it its amazing.if you like story/platformer games you just have to get this game.10/10 would play again if my mide was erased!"
76561197981445921,Recommended,224460,34984094,Posted: 15 September,all,Dobian,"Contrast is a wonderful little gem of a game, a clever original in a sea of sameness.  It's still rare to find adult games with a female protagonist, let alone one where she is tasked with looking after a young girl.  Thanks to a simple but highly effective story about family and redemption set against the backdrop of 1920s Paris and juxtaposed with a sci-fantasy theme, Contrast keeps you engaged thoughout.The characters, dialogue, and voice acting are all first rate, and the jazzy noir soundtrack captures the mood perfectly.  The style and art direction (not to mention the sci-fi themes) reminded me a lot of Bioshock Infinite.  They struck a great balance between dark, whimsical, and surreal.  The principle game mechanic of shifting between 3D and the 2D world of shadows is done seamlessly.  The puzzles are clever and challenging but not frustrating, and feel very organic in the game's environments.  Moving about the game world, including the platform jumping elements, played very smoothly using my XBox controller.  The pacing between story and gameplay is spot on.  The story itself, about a girl, her nightclub singing mother, and transient stepfather, is tightly written and has a lot of heart.  And unlike a lot of games in recent years (Mass Effect 3, cough), they stick the landing with the ending, providing closure with just the right amount of explanation to keep you thinking long afterward about some of the themes the game touches on regarding the nature of our universe.While Contrast is a short game, there is nothing wrong with being short when there are no wasted moments and both story and gameplay keep you interested every minute, just like a good book or movie.  A shame this game was not received very well when it came out, it's one of the most unique games I have played in a long time."
76561198094966377,Recommended,224460,34983609,Posted: 15 September,all,Triple7,"Really fun, too bad it's so short :("
,Recommended,224460,35050839,Posted: 18 September,all,Lady_Kuroashi,"beautiful game, the art is amasing and the music realy pretty. cool story and a original ideia for a game"
76561198034350556,Recommended,224460,35058387,Posted: 18 September,all,zerohourseraphim,"7/10While VERY short, this game was made with a lot of heart, and is truly a lovingly crafted title. Wonderful music, touching story, and light puzzle solving. Coming in three short acts, you'll likely have this finished up, achievements and all, in a few short hours if that. You have to ask yourself if less than three hours of playtime is worth ten dollars. For me, it was worthwhile. Everything from the art style and music, to the change in lighting when moving in and out of shadows reflects the time period.Read a full review here:zerohourseraphim.wordpress.com/2017/09/19/contrast/"
,Recommended,224460,34806433,Posted: 7 September,all,Ragna,"A must buy on a steam sale , not sure at regular price.Pros:Amazing mechanics (shadow use), likeable characters,superb soundtrack,unique as I never saw this kind of gameplay beforeCons:Very short(3-4 hours gameplay) , buggy(died many times being throw in outer space GTA IV style).I even manage to solve 2 puzzles glitching the game and not the way it was supposed to be done."
76561198059433578,Recommended,224460,34805539,Posted: 7 September,all,Grinning$33M,"Amazing 1920's style puzzle platformer! Amazing 1920's inspired jazz soundtrack, incredible art style and engaging story. Gifted voice actors bring this gem to life as well. If you like platformers, this is a no brainer!"
,Recommended,224460,34850142,Posted: 9 September,all,metalxkid,"Fun, Easy and nice story line. 3 Hour game though wish it was longer.."
,Recommended,224460,34863703,Posted: 10 September,all,Peariden,"This game may be a bit short game but devs team really did a great job on this game, 20's music was really wonderful, and using shadows to solve puzzle's it's really an unique idea, with that beautiful art style and storyContrastwas totally an amazing gameThanks to Dawn for taking care of Didihttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=1132316196"
76561198123294656,Recommended,224460,34861883,Posted: 10 September,all,Freikorptrasher,"A very bittersweet good feeling game with unique puzzle mechanism. For less than 5 bucks, worth every penny."
76561198079389961,Recommended,224460,34862878,Posted: 10 September,all,Wuffa LFT Scout,"Short, but pretty challenging platformer with some puzzles. Mainstory is quite short, but there's luminaries and collectibles you can try to find to slightly extend the game. I would say it's worth its price."
,Recommended,224460,34882976,Posted: 11 September,all,MickyD1234,Great game. Nice atmosphere and graphics along with a novel twist on the platformer genre.
76561198343831310,Recommended,224460,34882420,Posted: 11 September,all,SamNN9,Superb third person 3d and 2d adventure puzzle solving game.Definity go for it plus it is cheap to buy.
,Recommended,224460,34885730,Posted: 11 September,all,saz,"the art style instantly hooked me in the first 30 secondsinteresting story, gameplay is fairly simple+art+plot+voice acting+immersive+music and sound design-sloppy controls-sloppy camerathe camera/controls aren't bad enough to make the game unplayable. but its just something worth noting. the only reason i'm putting up with the camera/controls is because the game is short."
76561198354985895,Recommended,224460,34892931,Posted: 11 September,all,deadladybug21,i really loved this game. i recommend it. it alittle challeging i had troubles sometime figureing out what to do next but it made it fun. i would love another game like this.it was very intersting i hope they make another one
76561197998588471,Recommended,224460,35381896,Posted: 1 October,all,fa1046,Bought on sale.Interesting concept for the shadow-thing. Refreshing if played bunch of games before.Though the story is rather short that it feels more like an introduction than a complete game.Puzzle games like this are usually low in replayabilty.Music mixes well with atmospheric background.Recommend if want to try new stuff.
76561198015475553,Recommended,224460,35421232,Posted: 2 October,all,Xv0st,Cool game. Mix of Puzzle + Platformer. Grotesque. Reminded me portal but with focus on play of light and shadows.
76561198040941536,Recommended,224460,35485613,Posted: 4 October,all,Seymore Butts,"Loads of funinteresting, but not that challenging puzzlestoo short, but makes me really want to play the next one, which there better be..."
,Recommended,224460,35502758,Posted: 5 October,all,Larry Parnell,"It's a beautiful looking game with a great soundtrack and a really interesting concept behind it.The game doesn't sit well with labels but that's probably a good thing.It's short but in my opinion, very enjoyable.If you want a negative, the save game system is annoying  but overall I'm a big fan."
