user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,224440,28603915,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Athravan,"This is difficult for me, as I rarely write negative reviews. I'm the type of person who writes a review when I really enjoy a game; but I do feel like I have enough history/experience with this game to review it and having had so many friends ask me if it was worth a purchase in the recent Winter Sale, it's easier for me to put my thoughts down coherently rather than have to explain individually why the answer isno - even with the 40% discount. This is gonna get long, so I hope you like reading. Otherwise, you probably shouldn't be in the steam review section. Or you can just read theTL:DR.Start scrolling.A Poor StartI bought this game in May 2013. This was back in the beginning days of Early Access, when we had little idea what to expect. I expected regular updates and what was advertised; but I think like many who bought the game back then, I was left sorely disappointed. The initial release was a bare bones poor excuse for a broken demo, with no ability to save, and a few hours of gameplay and little to no communication from the devs for the longest time.Waiting PatientlyI waited patiently, surveying patches as they came. These were incredibly slow to start with, but eventually - as the years, yes years - ticked by, as the game went on sale and I presume, as the developers obtained more funding, the game did shape up into something that's definitely playable. The game has come a long way, but even after 3.5 years of early access, it has a long long long way to go. It begins to beg the question how long is too long? What is unreasonable? On the one hand I appreciate developers not abandoning a game that clearly doesn't have the funding to be completed promptly - on the other, should they have taken my money in the first place without explaining how long a project was being funded?History Aside - What the game is todayBut I don't think it's fair to rate a game positive or negative based on yesterday. I recently reinstalled after 6 months+ of not looking at it, and the rating of this review is based on what the game is today, in Alpha 29, as if I'd just purchased it and holy mega batman balls this game has CHANGED significantly from the beginning. Everything from the core design and artwork and writing - it looks like a completely different game. So I'm swallowing the bitter pill of 3.5 years of waiting and throwing myself into what is ultimately, my favourite genre, a game-starved genre that I will eagerly buy anything in. Psst, don't tell my husband I said that, he says I have too many games. How is 1050 too many, it's not even over 9000!Strategy / BuildingThe surface allows you to real time build your village and set up supply chains. This is what I really love; my favourite genre. It's pretty standard to be honest for this sort of game. You chop wood and turn it into firewood, you catch fish and eat them, you shoot animals and build a butcher. You reap wheat and turn it into bread. The problem is, this is a very standard supply chain feature for a strategy game. It does not have even half the depth of for example, The Settlers series. It's very very simple, and currently, it seems incredibly easy. 30 minutes into a game I had hundreds and hundreds of fish mounting up every tick. My villagers were set forever. Even if you set them at max food for max happiness; the food chain supply is incredibly easy to overstock on.The buildings can be upgraded and that's a neat feature; and you can research plans and upgrades, which does add a little depth to the overhead map. On the whole though, I see no advantage to playing this over The Settlers if you want a supply chain game. Yeah, even the most recent one (7) which wasn't amazing. I feel like people looking for this sort of genre are looking for a lot more challenge and depth to their strategy, and this light-version doesn't scratch my itch for that at all, but does have potential for the future, if the buildings were vastly expanded and balance was approached.ARPG Style Dungeon CrawlerSo you get story and quests in the campaign and you take your player controlled champions to various dungeons to fight and loot. You can equip a wide range of armor and weapons and there is a decent amount of enemies and environments currently implemented. This gives the game a really nice dual-aspect. You can level up and assign some basic stats, very RPG-lite but certainly an unusual feature in a building game. Strategy/management on the surface, and then action and loot in the dungeons. That's a great idea, but only if it's actually implemented well... yeah, you can see the next part coming can't you...The Skill UI is impossible to use effectively. You have a party of heroes with unique abilities. These are pretty cool abilities, each champ is special and brings something new. But you can only select one. You can't pause, and you can't queue up abilities, and you can't switch between heroes effectively. So you basically have one character you can use, and the rest of the party is auto attacks. Why give us so many great abilities and then not give us the ability to switch between them in a meaningful way? The UI is also lacking. If it had a hotkey bar where you could set your skills it would be significantly improved. As it is you have to mouse click around the champion icon.The idea is fantastic; the current implementation is frustrating.There is no PauseThe game needs a pause. It needs it desperately. Even when you are on the build menu, the game does not pause. Your villages are doing things, including getting attacked and dying, whilst you scroll through a menu trying to decide what to upgrade, research or build. We're in management. Just pause it! How can you have real time management with no ability to manage constructively when stuff is happening.Writing & StorylineThe writing is tongue in cheek sarcastic. It attempts to be witty, but honestly, it's tiresome. At first I thought the tutorial was entertaining, but the truth is after the first few instructions about Bob, it became eye-rolling. The entire game is written in a very light hearted fantasy-trope manner. And I guess that's okay, it's a certain style, and certainly some of the writing is very witty and sarcastic. But it also detracts from immersion when it's constant. I  do think this type of writing is better when peppered in with seriousness; such as The Stanley Parable or Portal 2 - games that managed a witty and sarcastic sense of narration and humour but also built character and depth to the story. This is all surface waffle in exactly the same style throughout.It's not a bad story though at it's core, I just think that the style should be used more sparingly and the game should try and take itself a bit more seriously to give the humour more impact. Personal preference, perhaps others will love the goofy writing.Okay, I think that explains why when my friends ask me if they should purchase in the sale; my answer is still no.TL:DR I'm currently pregnant, and to be honest my kid will probably have chance to play this game before it's fully released based on the current timeline. Things progress, but it feels like nothing is really implemented to the maximum of it's potential, and overall this game sits securely in the realm of the mediocre. Great concepts as tested in Alpha 29; but there are too many flaws that make this game frustrating and ultimately, not fun. In short; keep an eye on it, but spend your money on something else right now.Note: I do update early access game reviews. I will come back to this game, although likely not for another 6 months, and we'll see where we are then. In the past I have completely rewritten reviews, and I'll keep an open mind for the future... but developers should be aware that people who have supported this game for 3.5 years may not posess an unlimited amount of patience."
76561198017065468,Not Recommended,224440,22807144,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Jorrrrrn,"-----FOLK TALE REVIEW ANNUAL UPDATE BONANZA 2017-----I bought Folk Tale within about the first week that it was available on Steam. I thought it looked like a cool concept, and I had no idea that the trailer was actually the entire scope of the game back then. In the time that this game's been in Early Access, I:* Finished a Master's Degree* Moved to a new city* Moved to another new city* Held three different jobs (CORRECTION: 4 AND I KINDA LIKE MY NEW ONE)* Witnessed the birth of four children among my friends' families* Developed a hernia* Had enough time for the hernia to heal without surgery* Bought a new computer (CORRECTION: AND UPGRADED MY VIDEO CARD TWICE)* Beat The Witcher 3* Beat The Witcher 3 AGAIN (CORRECTION: INCLUDING ALL DLC)* Read 14 different books (CORRECTION: 15) (CORRECTED CORRECTION: 29)* Watched approximately 1000 sunsets (CORRECTION: 1400)* Deleted 20 duplicates of some crazy French stalker's comments on this review. Mon Dieu!* Went from nonproficiency to intermediate/advanced proficiency with the violin* Learned to read Classical Chinese* Drank approximately 1000 liters of generic cola* Happily witnessed 10 other Early Access games I purchased reaching completionPro Tip: Wait for them to finish it, then maybe take another look. (CORRECTION: RUN AWAY!)Edit: (May 2015)To be clear, before anyone throws the other obvious argument at me... Yes, I have played the game since those early weeks and, yes, it has advanced since then. But progress has been limited, and at this pace Folk Tale is more likely to die a slow death than ever realize the charming vision it had when it first came to Steam.I've already paid for it, so I'll certainly give it another look from time to time to see if anything ever becomes of it, but the whole premise of this review is that this game's a terrible risk compared to most other Early Access titles. What exists right now is still a bit of a mess, and not worth the price, and there's a very good chance that that's all you'll ever get for your money. Anyone who doesn't already have money riding on it should definitely wait.I'm not wishing doom on Games Foundry, and I'll eat my own words if they ever manage to turn this ship around, but... don't put money on that, either.Edit #2: (June 2016)In my continued drive to live at 3.82x the speed of Early Access development, I just finished another book..... ""A Great and Terrible King: Edward I and the Forging of Britain"" by Marc Morris. Lots of fascinating historical anecdotes, and Morris is also an incredible narrator.Edit #3: (July 2016)Three of Folk Tale's most loyal minions went through and downvoted... every single review I've ever written, even ones that no one had ever voted on before. I would like to thank these brave heroes for taking the time to read my previously-unnoticed reviews.Edit #4: (July 2017)TEH PROPHECY IS FULFILLED! Nothing more to see here, ladies and gents--just gotta avert our eyes for 6 months while they ""try"" to restart development (read: rebrand their studio and/or flee the country).Sometimes I hate being right. In this case I'd say I feel pretty good."
76561197994991657,Not Recommended,224440,30592135,Posted: 18 March,all,Di,"This is from the developer of the game:""Hi Folks, We're picking up way too many negative reviews, and I don't think we deserve it....If you want Folk Tale to fail, vote with a negative review.If you want Folk Tale to succeed, vote with a positive review.""http://steamcommunity.com/app/224440/discussions/0/135510148090438876/If you want to support a dev that blames their customers for making the game fail and blatantly asks them to rig the review system, then by all means give these guys your money.As for the actual negative reviews, mostly of them have to do with the game being in early access for FOUR years now during which time it's gone from a 0.2 alpha to a 0.5 alpha. At this rate there will be a beta in 2022 followed by the full release in 2030, so clearly all the downvotes about this game taking too long are undeserved."
76561198048417808,Not Recommended,224440,30224572,Posted: 27 February,all,ROFLwut?,"This game is a mess and I'm going to tell you why it's a mess, in detail. Unlike the forum fans and positive reviewers, none of whom dare talk specifics, I'm not going to blow smoke up your♥♥♥♥♥with generalizations, praise for the game's potential and emotional pleas to be nice to a developer that doesn't deserve it.This is Folk Tale as of July 3, 2017, up to date and accurate, after 4 years of alpha EA and 6 total years of development:MAP DESIGN:There's no random map generator nor are there plans to implement one. The game's replayability relies on tons of people buying the game and using the map editor to upload maps. Out of the 100k+ people that own this game, only 3 people have bothered to upload anything to the workshop in the editor's ~2 years of life, creating a total of 9 workshop items. The max map size is also tiny.Today, after 4 years, there's only 3 sandbox maps in the game. All 3 are tiny, they're all scripted, you (and everything else) spawn onto them in exactly the same spot everytime, and you're restricted to building on only a very small area of them, i.e., even the so-called sandbox portion is exactly the same every time you play it. Building area is restricted because: A. the building footprints are huge and you can only build on ground that's 100% flat, B. the map designs are awful and outside your spawn point there's almost nowhere that's flat enough to build on, and C. respawning map creeps will destroy everything outside of your alotted build area if you try to build outside of it.At least one, reportedly two, of the entire 3 sandbox maps are useless because every tree you replant explodes upon maturing, running you out of wood to build and make firewood with. Game over for anything you do on these maps.AI:Unbelievably bad!. It's basically broken and has been for 4 years. Your villagers may or may not fight back when they get attacked by something. Usually they just stand there and let themselves get killed.Military units will fight if you set them to aggressive but only if they're attacked or a mob gets in very close proximity to them, and I do mean close. Other than that, they only stand there, even if a villager is getting killed 5 feet away from them. You can't assign patrols to them either. They just... stand there and putting archers in towers is useless. You can put 4 of them in one tower and more often than not they won't attempt to kill something right below them. A single wolf will kill villagers, one after another, directly in front of a guard tower with 4 archers in it and they will do NOTHING! This isn't a rare occurence either, it's typical behavior.Any villager with a job that makes them roam will walk right up to any mob on the map like it's not even there. They'll walk right into a pack of wolves, bears or spiders and ignore it when it attacks them. They don't even try to run away.LEVEL SCALING:Map creeps are designed to level up with your heros, so if you're off doing stuff with them the mobs level as they do. This makes all the mobs on the map way over the level of your regular villagers. A single mob can walk into your town and kill every single person in it with just 1 or 2 hits. Even if you have 200 people in it, that 1 mob is easily capable of killing them all if you don't get your hero or a pack of military units there to stop it. Why? Because it's level 10 but all your townies, including your military units, are 3 or 4.MANAGEMENT:What management? You build buildings and assign people to them but there is no way to quickly determine who works where or how many are doing this or that job. You have to click on each building to find this out and then do the math yourself.People are almost impossible to see and even harder to select. If you want to move one person for whatever reason, more often than not you grab half a dozen others along with them because it's far easier to just drag a box over them than trying to click on them singly. There are control groups for military units but no way to locate them quickly once you select one.Villagers without jobs only stand in packs in front of their houses. They have no use other than being spider food. They don't transfer things around town or even wander about. They occasionally go get some firewood or something but that's it. They're supposed to put out fires but... well, more on that later.DESIGN CONCEPTS:Horrible! You want to plant carrots? You need a windmill. Why? I have no idea. There's no farmers in Folk Tale, only millers, and all fields are restricted to a circular radius around a windmill, weaver or herbalist hut.Woodcutters chop trees, make firewood and cut planks but you can't control their outputs. They also replant trees but they don't do it at a 1:1 ratio so they constantly run out of trees and just stand there until the few they did replant mature, then it's back to standing around again. This is a chronic problem.Resource ticks constantly float up from every building and person in the game. Your screen will be filled with it all the time and it looks awful. Probably not helping the framerate either.Certain things like village raids and abandonment have been a problem for years and the developer has been unable to fix them so they've added checkboxes (gameplay customization... LMAO!) in the settings to turn these mechanics off completely.COMBAT:Boring, amateur and poorly implemented. Nothing else to say about it.RESEARCH:Only tier 1 is implemented for anything and that's only like a few +1 output type deals and a radius expansion. Some buildings are still lacking even tier 1.CRAFTING:Only trivial implementation.DEVELOPMENT PROGRESS:Other than hitting EA in 2013 with an expected release in 2014 but still in alpha in 2017 and development now suspended until ""the end of the year"", the best example of this circus is: After 3 months of experimental patches, fires was released in the latest public patch and it's broken. Loading a save causes half the town to instantly burst into flames and nobody does anything about it. 3 months of experimental patches and it's always this way. Aside from that, public patches are ~1 per 3 months and fixes (actual fixes) are rare. Most updates are content-related and almost always hacked in either poorly designed, extremely unbalanced or just plain broken. Oftentimes the problems they try to fix are only made worse.THE DEVELOPER HIMSELF:No idea what he's doing. He listens to a small handful of people that tell him what he wants to hear and that's it. Tell them they're going to slow or something is bad and the fans all pile in to shout you down. Refuse to be and you get banned. He has no vision for this game and no idea how to do the things he's trying to do, which is more than evident by playing the mess that's it's taken them 4 years to deliver.Amazing hypocrite and seems to have an emotional hair trigger. Read his selectively enforced forum guidelines. You will find one that makes deleting his comments FROM YOUR REVIEW a bannable FORUM offense. He added this rule to ban a single poster, whom he banned the same day, that otherwise hadn't broken a single forum rule.He banned me when I called out a guy for lying about the game in his review. He defended the liar and banned me for telling the truth. He allows his fans to lie right through their teeth, attack critical posters endlessly and break any other forum rule they please without so much as a warning but will ban a critic at the 1st opportunity, even if he has to concoct BS rules to justify it. This is a constant thing with this developer.THE ""COMMUNITY"":Bunch of liars, all of them. Aside from the developer they're the main ones responsible for the failure of this game. Never have you seen such shameless dishonesty. Read the comments to find some copy/pasted examples plus some lies being told here directly."
,Not Recommended,224440,21424782,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,princenocturne,"I supported this game very early on when it was released into early access almost 3 years ago. 3. The progress is extremely slow and I think at the very least their price point needs to lower. They had to have known just how slow their progress would be and if not they should be more transparent about the issues.If they continue at this rate of progress what will it take? Two or another three years at the most? At that point how outdated will the final product look? I suppose it could be magnificent, but I doubt it. Highly.This game has plenty of potential, for sure, but you can say that about many games in early access. They would be more deserving of your investment than Folk Tale. This game should not have been released into early access with nothing but bare bones, I remember that it was. I didn't mind supporting the development, but time and time again, I come back and barely see anything different from the last time I checked in.I don't think anyone will get their money's worth from this title at this point and fear a Spacebase kind of situation happening here. Do not purchase this game at this point in time."
76561197991353093,Not Recommended,224440,31057873,Posted: 10 April,all,Kim Jong Chill,"Bought this game thought it was ok but that was when it first came out heaps of bugs, no content, followed it for a few months and everyone was bagging it saying it was going nowhere yada yada. I'm like its early access you morons what do you expect.Anyway since then I've bought a house got a partner and had a kid... I'm thinking maybe now, just maybe, they might have been right.My kid is one and I'm hoping I can pass this early access game down to her when she turns 21 so she too can pass it down to her kid and so on until one of my ancestors can play the finished game, given the way its gone I imagine by then it will probably be like a sci fi alien dating sim or something given how much its chopped and changed on the way.So basically if you are thinking of buying it, don't, instead write the name of the game on a little peice of paper and drop that peice of paper into a glass tube filled with an ipad, a ♥♥♥♥ing gameboy, a bunch of other♥♥♥♥♥♥from 2017 and bury it, whoever digs it up in a 1000 years will then be able to play the most amazing game of all time... pokemon!! On an actual gameboy!! Oh and a chance to buy a freshly finished Folk Tale: Babes of the Orion Belt, the best alien dating sim ever made."
76561197961239574,Not Recommended,224440,21931899,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Mando,My first review ever.And im sad to say its a negative one.I bought into the game as they first advertised it.I bought it straight of the shelves expecting alot of fun and since i love building and enjoying a good laugh i took this game in.Patiently i waited. i understood they needed time to finish it. retooling it. redoing it. whatever. time is what they got.And for a long time all i got in responses to my when is it going to be finished was a bunch of idiots hagging on me because i was impatient that i wanted it. its been 3 freaking years.Impatient is going nuts after a week or 2. a month or 6 months. a year. hardly.2 years. let alone 3 freaking years.This is a game that had potential but i feel like the devs have no deadline. they keep selling this early access♥♥♥♥♥♥in the hopes it will continue to feed them.Yes they say they are working on it but what the ♥♥♥♥. in theese 3 years ive built about 30 houses and were almost finished making the worlds largest silicone refinery of its scale....No this has to stop and if i can save anyone from spending 25 bucks on this garbage that isnt coming out in the coming 2 or 3 years more then so be it.This game is long overdue and if you are reading this devs youre welcome to excuse yourselfes by making some claims to why its taking this long.But if fact checked you know im right. you have been dragging this whole game along for far to long.
76561198021566630,Not Recommended,224440,15703968,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Phyuck Yiu,"I bought it when it was supposed to have some sort of story line only to find out months later they scrapped that to a sandbox type game, awesome. If I had known that you bet your♥♥♥♥♥I wouldn't have bought it.The concept was pretty cool but now 2 years of early access and it somehow seems to have less features than before.Don't waste your time or money, played a few hours on and off from time of release to now and it just has nothing going for it anymore."
,Not Recommended,224440,7804281,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,yrg,"Folk Tale has been available since the 30. May 2013, and since the release very little has changed aside from bugfixes and the addition of a savegame feature. In my opinion the game was released on Steam too early.It has a very nice art style and the concept for it looks great - but the available playable content is very, very limited.The plan is for this to be a sandbox experience type of game with stuff like building your own town, crafting, sieges, characters that gain experience and equip items that monsters on the map/in dungeons drop, and much more. Together with the overall graphical/sound quality of the game and the chosen theme, this would make for a great experience.But only a tutorial for one of the races is available for now, and even though the developers are commited to communication and bugfixes, the available content does not warrant the purchase of the game at the time of writing this - 28 November 2013. There is also no set date for the release of new content to the game.You can read blog posts and news about what the developers eventually plan to add to the game here:http://blog.gamesfoundry.com/"
76561198030061912,Recommended,224440,19759097,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Zardain,"If you want to see the game, watch the videos. My opinion is that it has a solid foundation now and has already begun implementing many of the big items that many of us have been waiting for. I have read a lot of negative reviews like anybody else looking at a mixed review game and there are many older reviews that really did make sense at the time they were posted, but this is now and that was then.The game?In short...Your the hero looking for treasure chests, killing enemies, and progressing through a story. Your also the one controlling the growth of the town, building walls, and making troops to travel with the hero and guard the town. However, the game is made so you can set up your town and use a summary to see whats needed or if anything is. That leaves you free to focus on your hero at times without your town falling apart. Make sure you have guards though.Few more details...The game looks just like the videos, smooth and tranquil. Your townspeople walk everywhere to do their job. (transport goods, plant trees, hunt animals, eat, etc.) So you will not see somebody working a farm non-stop and you gather food over time. It is easy to get caught up watching your people and forget that you need to clear our enemies from a nest or go look for treasure chests. Do not be fooled though. Enemies are hard and your hero is not an unstoppable force. Nests and such also grow over time if not destroyed. That means larger numbers and can quickly wipe out everything you have worked for. You should also make or find better equipment for your hero, guards, and citizens. Don't want to micro manage? Make the gear, move it to your inventory, put it into the citizens place of employment, and they will equip it if they can. There is a lot more than just your city building and townspeople. (i.e. story line, settements, other heros, etc.) I will let the videos, images, and devs cover the rest.The devs?In short...Watch a recorded live feed to get a feel for them. They will look at and test things simply because a player mentions it. So yes, they work very close to the players. You can see the peer to peer communication in the live feeds all the time. Updates are pushed out as quickly as possible and content is always being adjusted to find the best settings, look, and/or feel.In detail...Do you think the game is how it is now because the devs said it will be this way? If so, you are wrong. Countless things have been adjusted because of player comments and many times they are tested on the spot during a live stream. The devs are normally guys. They do talk to people but they do not talk down to people. Some of the reason things move slower than you may like is because the devs are working so close with the players to revise anything from NPC spawn rates to graphics, but don't be shocked if they say no."
76561198087300008,Recommended,224440,19373717,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,mafilux,"When I first purchased Folk Tale a couple years back I thought it showed some great promise with it's concept - a fun city builder with a few RPG elements thrown in. I played it for a couple hours and thought to myself: ""Well I supported the project, I guess I'll just wait and let the developers work."" I have not been disappointed with the progress that has been made coming back to it a couple years later.Building is rather enjoyable and watching your town grow into a bustling city is a rewarding experience. As your city grows you're constantly devising ways to improve people's 'happiness' by offering more rations or creating new jobs to keep the populace content and working away. All of the jobs work and the villagers carry out their tasks with little prodding from the player, allowing you to focus on city planning and defending. The jobs themselves are varied and all play a role in how well your city will run. There are also research trees for each profession to improve productivity or expand the area in which they will work.There is a fair amount of building options to make for some interesting town ideas. Buildings are also upgradeable to improve their capacity as well, allowing the player to go for a more minimalist approach if they so desire. Many of the structures work in tandem with others (A hunting lodge will have villagers collect meat, but in order to feed that meat to your citizens you must also build a butcher, etc). I like the idea of this because it makes the player have to do a small bit of planning in order to maximize efficiency of these professions. The buildings are all unique as well and visually different so smart building placement allows for some beautiful looking towns and cities. You can also place buildings nearly everywhere and rotate them as you see fit, allowing lots of freedom in where you want your town to be located as well as how you want it to look.As for the game itself: The UI is simple and easy to get into. There are tooltips for beginners that explains what each building does, and what other buildings compliment them so that they work properly. You can also assign jobs to individuals without having to click each villager and send them off to the proper buildings, and it's easy to switch a villager from one profession to the next. There is also some layer of complexity with the research and upgrading systems, to allow players some freedom in which areas of production they wish to improve. Everything works great and I have experienced very few bugs outside of a single crash on the tutorial, which worked later when I tried again. The game runs great and is very stable for an alpha build, and it's optimized well and has no frame rate issues.The heroes portion of the game breaks the mould a bit as you can use them to go adventuring. You can also train some soldiers to aid your heroes along in whichever endeavours you want them to have, adding a sort of real time strategy feel to the game. The heroes also have unique abilities and can even be fully equipped from head to toe with various armors and weapons (As can every villager or soldier in the game), allowing the player to make them as strong or weak as you want.All in all Folk Tale is a lot of fun, and I can't wait to see what's in store for the future of the game."
,Recommended,224440,20184242,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,ViperZeroOne,"(TL:DR at the bottom)PrefaceWhen I normally see a new game that interests me, the first thing I do is check out the reviews.  With a title labeled as “mixed” the first place I usually jump over to is the negative reviews and see what people are saying.  This game, with its “mixed” rating, was no different.  I saw claims that the development team wasn’t active, they were bullying people on the forums, and the game had almost no content to it.  Something to be avoided, right?  But I noticed something else.  On many of the negative reviews the developers had replied and tried to help resolve the reviewer’s problems.  That doesn’t seem like bullying to me, and certainly doesn’t seem like they aren’t active.  So I went and checked the positive reviews.  The top one was written by a fellow named “Eddie=VX9=” and pretty much his first statement was that you shouldn’t judge this game based on the negative reviews.  I continued to read his review and was fairly impressed by its content.  This led me to risk purchasing the game.  Do I regret that decision?  Obviously not.ReviewWhen I first jumped into Folk Tale I have to admit, it wasn’t a positive experience.  But it was my fault.  I’m a regular player of RTS games and figured this was just like any other so I selected to start a new campaign.  Big mistake.  The story began and I immediately realized I hadn’t a clue how to play.  Sure, I was able to grab some units and defend the village.  I was able to get a few people foraging for berries and wood.  But I didn’t understand how the buildings worked.  I had tons of meat but my villagers were leaving the village because, I later found, there was nobody turning that meat into something actually edible.  I didn’t have a butcher!  So my first shot at the campaign ended in under 20 minutes with my villagers abandoning me.  Yay team!I then went back to the main menu, clicked new game, and sheepishly clicked Tutorial.  Within another 20 minutes I had learned everything I needed to learn to give the campaign another go.  It turned out to be a fairly easy task to assign (or remove) villagers to buildings, although a little different than other RTS games.  Once I had the basics figured out, the campaign called me once more.  This time I had everything under control and really started to enjoy the game.  I found that this wasn't only an RTS experience, it has a bit of RPG dungeon crawling to it as well.  Quite a nice experience overall.Admittedly I haven’t tried the sandbox mode yet.  I assume it's basic village building with random attacks.  I can imagine that would be an enjoyable experience.  There's also the in-game map/misison creator which gives you pretty much endless replayability in this title, and I'm heavily looking forward to messing around with it.  I did notice there wasn't any multiplayer, and I wish there was, but there is so much else available that it really isn't a big loss.Now, let’s get down to the nitty gritty.Graphically, I absolutely love this game.  I really don’t know what to compare it to because I haven’t seen any RTS games with this style of graphics.  It’s almost Disney-like, if that’s a word, with overtones from the Settlers series.  You can look at the screenshots and game play videos for yourself.  I would have liked to see better animations on buildings being constructed, like maybe showing them in different phases of construction instead of the completed building simply rising through the ground.  That’s not a major complaint though.Audio in the game was fairly well done, and I love the music, but I have some reservations when it comes to voiceovers.  Much of the campaign dialogue has voiceovers but you’ll have some instances where it almost seemed like a voiceover was missing.  A quick example would be the start of the campaign where the villain was talking to his henchmen and, while his voiceover was awesome, the henchmen had nothing but a text box.  It almost seemed like the henchmen’s voiceover was missing, which it could be considering this is still an early access game.  A game should either have full voiceovers, or none at all.  I’d like to see that corrected before final release.Game play itself is rather well thought out in Folk Tale.  A lot of the villager control is handled by an AI, which can surprisingly be turned off (per unit) if you want.  You simply assign the villager to a building (promote) and they go about the job without any further action on your part.  When you remove a villager from that task (demote) they return to a simple villager and do the “grunt work” around the village.  These villagers are your builders and resource carriers, but can also be assigned to other tasks like berry foraging and tree chopping without being assigned to a building (job).  You also have control of the distribution of materials as well as collection of taxes.  These help you fine tune the happiness of your villagers and can also help get you through tough times without your village becoming a ghost town.  The effect is limited, in that if you have no food increasing the amount of food a villager receives obviously won't have any effect.  You also have the RPG aspect, which means not only do your main (hero) units level up and get stat points, but you can also equip all of your units (including villagers).  Equipment is mostly found by either defeating enemies or forraging through the various dungeons (like the bandit cave).TL:DR & ConclusionAll in all I have to agree with the excellent review that “Eddie=VX9=” did.  This game may have had problems in the past but it’s well on its way to becoming a game that any RTS fan would love to have.  The RPG aspects mixed in with the RTS makes it a wonderful experience.  I'll admit this game may not be for everyone, but it's a game I'm glad to have in my collection.Note To The DevsYou're doing a great job, the whole team, and I don't want you to get discouraged by some of the negative reviews this game is getting.  Honestly, most of the negative reviews are either way outdated or absolute nonsense.  I can see the road you've laid down and I, as well as others, are very excited to see the work continue.  Keep it up!  This game has a ridiculous amount of potential in both the game itself and the community it can build around it.  It deserves to be finished, even if it's just to prove the nay-sayers wrong.  Once it's done you might even consider raising the price a little, because it'll be worth it.  Keep your chins up and speak proudly about this game when you do.  Here's to the future!  :beermug:"
76561198074209645,Not Recommended,224440,31213176,Posted: 17 April,all,Sensual Dwarf,"TLDR: okay game, 4 years after buying still in alpha, probably never be finished. hope it's done before I have kids.Bought this in 2013 under the premise of a simple city builder with light RTS and RPG elements.4 years later I'm to understand it's still in alpha and no longer a city builder, but more of a settlers style RTS. I suppose I should be happy they're still supporting it. But, after doing an entire Degree in the time it took this game to reach alpha 30, I doubt It will ever be complete. I mean it's been 4 years... for alpha 30, Please just stop adding new concepts, get what's there to a 70-80% polish and add a campaign so i can sit down and build a empire before I have kids.Being honest avoid this, you may find some enjoyment but you'll have the buyers remorse after it finally enters beta in 2021.Edit: 6/8/2017: Dev's have 9 months."
76561198022881626,Recommended,224440,28325770,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Skvatman,"There are some pros and cons...Lets start with the CONS:- One of the biggest (but seems like a small issue) I really need a pause button in battle. Phew, im getting to old for this biiip. The chars have some different abilities, and you need to use them, in order to make a good battle / survive. So the pace is to great, to use all your chars abilities with a satisfactory outcome. Results in death/penalty and most important -> I have no time to enjoy the battle...- Constant attacks on my settlement from critters... Lets have some privacy pls :) It just gets to me, that while im in ""sim/building mode"" - and I cant have time to really get into depth with my settlement. When I want action, I can easly take a squard / heroes and venture out in the wilderness or go questing.-  To far into the game, you can afford defense - and its annoyin when the rate of attacks are so high.EDIT: They added this in pervious patch (didnt notice):Player: Made villagers a little less squishy by doubling their healthPlayer: Non military villagers now flee when they or a nearby unit is attacked and they have less than 50% healthWhich means, less villager loss...Pros:- The mixture of building, questing, exploring: I like it...- So far, a very good story, that lets me choose sides: I like it...Conslusion....Potentially a very good game, I would use hours and hours in... But for ME - its gets to ""stressful"" with all the battles and attacks, that havnt got the right ""tool"" to make them very successful. (pauseing a battle).Lets build cheap defense in the beginning, so we can focus more on the building/manufactoring.The devs, have a good concept with the mixture, im just affraid that they ruin the building ""time"" with all the attacks."
76561198038803727,Not Recommended,224440,15707615,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,PlasmaticSlave,"This♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥game...I originally bought it a week after release on Early Access. It actually was a better game back then, compared to now.The Devs are children. They have no set goals for the games, and let any swinging dik sway the games course. Which by the way, went from a story driven game, to now, nothing more then a sandbox story builder. They completely removed the story. They also removed the tutorial.Updates are rare, and add almost nothing. Oh, sweet, you want to fix two or three bugs? Awesome, if you updated more consistently and actually provided content instead of you know, taking content away.Interface sucks. I'm not even kidding. It sucks.You feel like you have no real control. Its more of a point in the general direction and hope it gets done.I'm sure you have read positive reviews that try and sway you to buying the game, but lets be completely honest here. This game had alot of potential, and originally, had my focus to buy it because of the story driven village mayor type feel it claimed to have. Now, the game is worse then it was when they first released it. They never update the damn thing, and when they do they dont fix sh it. So if you wanna waste $25, or in the case of the sale, $14 on a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ product created by crappy developers. Be my guest.If I could get a refund, id demand it in a heart beat."
,Not Recommended,224440,13962147,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,That Redhead,"While I do appreciate the consistant flow of updates from the development team on this project, I'm still very disappointed.  As someone who isn't at all interested in 'sandbox' style game play, hearing that it has changed its course from the original intention of campaign play and humorous cutscenes makes me feel that I was promised something, but then it was taken away from me after I paid for it.  My money was meant to help aid in the creation of a game that interested me.  When playing through the tutorial, it was that style of gameplay (specifically that it had an engaging story and memorable character development) that set Folk Tale apart from the rest of the generic mess of simulation games in this community.There is something to be said for a team that takes their vision a step further by adding fun content and dialogue.  It takes more time, but the rewards are much more satisfying and create an impact with its players.  The same old mediocre Minecraft mentality of 'Here's an open area.  Build something' is as common as the air we breathe.  Developers don'tactually have to put any creative effort into itas its expected of the player to create theirown source of entertainmentfrom what's given to them.  At first, Games Foundry didn't seem to share this mentality.  This had style, appeal, and put a smile on my face when I played it; leaving me following its progress nearly every step of the way.Until recently.Now the initial build has been scrapped and my generosity is funding a 'redesigned concept' based on a communal vote that I did not agree with.  I do understand that the development team takes the consideration of the community very seriously, but it's painful to see the initial concept tossed to the wayside when there are so many other sandboxes out there to play already.  Trying to give it another chance, I redownloaded it to see what new updates had brought us over the course of a year's time.  Seeing the sandbox mode in action only further confirms my reason to be disappointed.  I could feel my heart literally sink to the bottom of my chest at what was on my screen; a hollow, depressing, deconstructed shell of its former self.  It is unlikely I will be installing it again; regardless of full release.Folk Tale was moving down the path of something refreshing and unique to its genre, but chose to sacrificially overhaul creative integrity and design in lieu of a popularity vote.It's sad; incredibly unfortunate because I was looking forward to this game immensely and will no longer be supporting any Early Access titles on steam from this point forward.  The idea of purchasing an apple with expectation I willreceivemy promised apple, then paying for it and being forced to receive anorangedoesn't sit well with me as a consumer.  It builds very distrustful raport.  I do not want another development team to do what Games Foundary has done.If a refund were possible, I would respectfully ask for one.  Much to my chagrin, I'm sure my investment was used in the very destruction of what I was looking forward to in the first place-- days and days of wonderfully rendered graphics, stories of adventure, silly voices, and village building.  Now it's nothing more than a graphical editor with bland, blank slate maps.It was beautiful and engaging the way it was.Now I scroll through it in my Game Library, sigh regretfully, and continue on.-----------------------------------------------TLDR;Potential to have been a truly inspiring indie title to pave a new path into this genre, but fell drastically short by letting the controversial steam community decide what the game 'should be' after it was already in development.  Thus, the team overhauled it into a sandbox-focused project instead of campaign with interactive story content.If you're into blank slate gameplay with some customization quirks, do support them as the quality of gameplay will be worth its pay for you.  I won't deny that they work hard on Folk Tale; regardless of opinion.  However, if you're supporting it in hopes for something more, be advised to take your money elsewhere."
,Not Recommended,224440,22629743,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,crapchunk,"Folk Tale looks fantastic, animates well and sounds greats. But while it attempts to marry many games we love, it doesnt play well because each of game mechanics doesnt feel consequential - It just feels like a beautiful empty porcelain vase...(As a village building sim)For example, the building a village part of it does not really have any cause/effect and consequence. Do you need wood? Just cut from the abundant forrest. Need stone? There's a quarry right there. Need fish? No need to travel, the river is also right beside you. Need more people in your village? You dont have to wait ala Banished and plan ahead... Just plonk a cottage and you will have almost instantaneous  population increase. If a villager dies, a new one will come in less than a minute. Need materials to build new structures? As long as the material numbers are there, you can get anything done instantaneously. No merticulous building like in the original Tropico or Banished, where you can see each citizen chuggin along with materials in hand. What happens in the day and night cycle? Nothing! Its just a cosmetic effect. Does it matter if your buildings are far apart? Not really. There isnt a need to fine tune village efficiency because everyone is way too effcient to get to any meaningful bottleneck. This part of the game feels like a Facebook game, just with better graphics.(RPG Play)So you have this avatar where you click to whack a enemy. You hit once, and he hits back and it cycles on at perfect interval. There's no weight to the combat and no real strategy to talk about. Whoever has more might and number will win every time. Its 2016 and such banal combat is really for age 5 and under. The regeneration of health point and magic is so fast that you dont need to worry about what is down the road and just bulldoze your way through...(Village Building + RPG)Wouldnt it be great if you really build a village up like Banished, worrying about how to get enough food for next winter or your villagers will die, then painstakingly build an armory to equip your hero with the last iron resource so that he can open up a hostile piece of land which in turn allows your villagers to build a mining facility there...? This is simple causality, which unfortunately Folk Tales does not seem to be strong in. Instead, Folk Tales' two core mechanic doesnt really influence each other and is so devoid of a relationship that they are simply two games sharing a common space. Unfortunately neither one feels really well thought out..."
76561198081988685,Recommended,224440,15935226,"Posted: 21 May, 2015",all,dark_kaidyr,"I went looking for an Age of Empires online replacement about 12 months ago. I tried to play the older AoE series but was left wanting. Even with HD, AoE 2 was still fun but extremely dated. I then tried Banished, fun but grindy and boring once you figured it out, and no military system.I've been searching steam and saw many possible replacements. Many games that were great looking in their own right, but not exactly what I was looking for; then I found Folk Tale. About 6 months ago I was on this very page and allowed myself to be turned away by the negative reviews. 2 weeks ago I gave it a deeper look. Most recent negative reviews were from people who put in hardly any time to give an objective review.That being said, this game is EARLY ACCESS. It is not complete (They estimate completion next year) and does have bugs. There are missing economic systems, features, items, campaign elements, etc...1. The game is extremely playable in its current form. You can play through and enjoy it.2. The bugs that I have encountered some of which were annoying, did not prevent the overall game from being enjoyed.3. The economic system is unbalanced, but is clearly being improved/updated/added to. It can easily be worked with/around once you understand it.4. The graphics and style is gorgeous.5. It is clear that the team is very active with the community, responding to posts of all types. Watching the most recent dev blog, they have already found a clever solution to a problematic economic feature (Which was end game limiting) they had added (Which people were complaining about) and were testing it.6. Games Foundry releases almost monthly updates with substantial fixes and improvements. If you do the research, you will see that they have a very detailed and full roadmap.7. The community driven approach is refreshing, allowing you to affect the final product, People complain about the initial large scale changes to the game (As community requested). But it's clear that now that they have implemented the changes, they are moving forwards and still adding in the features they had originally intended.If you enjoy these types of games and give this one a solid chance, I think you will find that there is a very high ceiling/a ton of potential for this game. I wish they could distribute the tutorial level for free as I think it would allow many people who are on the fence to try for themselves and not rely solely on anonymous reviews."
76561198013914593,Not Recommended,224440,9352918,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Darknoble,"I purchased this early access game at its start which is running close 2 year now and the game no matter what you hear this game has a long way off to its final completion.  The Forum is closely monitored by the game developers to suppress negavitve feed back and even deleted complaints about its bugs and problems. We have a saying in the USA ""buyer beware"". So if you are thinking about early access to this one you have been warned.Posted: Jan 18 @ 10:59amEdit: My View Has been Flagged by this Developer as ""abusive"" and I have Reported there harrasement of my view and constant emailing my account to Steam.It Aslo was the 2nd Most ""Helpful Review"".Keep looking on the forum and the constant bans to anyone posting anything they call negative...2013 when this game was started..asking $20 and now they have the nerve to ask for $24.99..Be warned wait for the final release to this game..which might be outdated at its completion.Edit: Take a look at the negative reviews on the developers fighting with community on there lack of progress and broken promises...Positive reviews are either fanboys or people who are new and Naive to these type of developers. Stay Away From this Game...dont give them your money like they took mine over 4 years ago...Hope steam starts banning developers like these who promise gammers and they take there money and leave..."
76561198036928198,Not Recommended,224440,32148116,Posted: 3 June,all,NixiPixi,"Tomorrow it will be exactly 4 years since I purchased this game and it is STILL in alpha testing. There needs to be some new rules in relation to these early access games. If the developers haven't at least progressed to beta testing within, say, 2 years, people who purchased it should get a refund. We bought it in the hope the game would be released soon. What have the devs actually done with our money?? The annoying thing is, I have only purchased 2 early access games...guess what the other one is...yes, DAYZ! Never again."
,Recommended,224440,19259595,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Mahdi,"For its timeline I would say that the amount of content is a little on the slow side. That is really the only gripe for me. I am thoroughly pleased with how it works as a community with your townsfolk. There are aspects of the game I am still learning too. I have yet to explore it in full detail and settings. For the artwork and sounds, I give it a B+. Music is good too, but can get repeatitive, but all these kinds of game do that. I agree with price point being an issue. This type of game and pretty much anything on my wishlist, gets puchased when on a sale of some sort.Bottom line, worth the buy and to be played. You will miss out if you don't pick it up, but I would look for that sale price to bring it to $15 or lower based on current content."
76561198025753486,Not Recommended,224440,15701460,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Arkan,2 years on Early Acces...
76561198004542335,Not Recommended,224440,31142192,Posted: 14 April,all,Whiskey Icarus,This game is the reason I no longer purchase early access games.
76561198032552620,Not Recommended,224440,29366300,Posted: 19 January,all,Elendurwen,"The game looks really pretty but it's just not fun. I've been playing through the campaign and the whole mechanic of strategy / rpg is just really awkward. 70% of time you feel like 'Why did I just spent half an hour building the village, if I am just questing at the moment?' Having the village makes almost no difference to the rpg part, because you cannot take your soldiers with you to dungeons.The story then turns and your village gets attacked. Village defending was very difficult, again because the game doesn't have good mechanics. It's really hard to see where your villagers and soldiers currently are or where you are being attacked. So the enemies were destroying my buildings while I was looking for soldiers on the map and trying to tell the silly villagers to just get out of the way! I know, there are selection groups where you can set a number to select your soldiers, but the groups seem to get reset every time I exit dungeon. Plus one barracks can only train 4 soldiers and they get killed pretty much straight away.Overall, the game is more frustrating than fun. I keep questioning the game design choices almost every step of the way through the campaign. It seems like the devs had an interesting idea at the beginning, but they failed to put it together into a solid game experience."
,Not Recommended,224440,7832949,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,JACKinbigletters,"Do not buy this game. It is, as is stated, still under development. While it has the oppertunity to be a great game it is unfortunatly not, there is too much left undone. I do know that it takes a while to create a game, but this is taking far too long. I bought the game fairly early in development and saw it add a load and save feature as well as some bug fixes, but thats it, nothing more. Save your cash on this and don't buy Folk Tale."
76561198176215091,Recommended,224440,16348015,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Felkyneye,"I've dreamed of a cross-genre game like this for so long, something that blends a citybuilder with an RPG character building experience, and Folk Tale is certainly starting to deliver on that.I've played and loved the citybuilder genre forever (such as the Caesar series, the Settlers series, the Warcraft series, and many others, including more recently Banished to name a few), but always wanted for more depth and customisation. I've played and loved thousands of RPGs in my life too, (from Pool of Radiance and Neverwinter Nights, to Icewind Dale and Skyrim, right through to Divinity: Original Sin and Pillars of Eternity), but I always desired some home base and village building elements.Well peeps - we're almost there! Our dream is being realised.This is a MASSIVE undertaking that Games Foundry has embarked on, and they should be proud of their work. I'm enjoying this game immensely, and recommend it to anyone who is willing to support a small team of devs making a big game with even bigger expectations on it.If you don't understand the concept of Early Access and expect a well polished, perfectly balanced, and full game at this point, put it on your wishlist. However, I for one believe in the concept, I believe in the direction, and I believe in the potential, and happily supported the Devs with my hard earned cash to continue the process. Under the above proviso, I hope you do the same.Now onto specifics:FUN FACTOR: Heaps of fun with a cute sense of humour! The village building maps are enjoyable; there's a real sense of accomplishment in building up your village to a city size. There are monsters spread throughout the map to vanquish and loot, and who occasionally attack you to keep things interesting. And there's a wide range of buildings, upgrades and items to analyse and discover their interconnectedness. The dungeon crawling map is a fun addition; running around with your hero slicing and dicing mobs while collecting treasure. Overall, there is currently limited content (4 to 5 maps), but there is a in-built level editor for you creative types, and it's great fun for shorter gaming periods.GRAPHICS: Really good! Nice looking and easy on the eyes, fantastic art style and cute detailing in buildings, protagonists and mobs.SOUND: So good!!! The music and ambient sounds are pleasant and never off-putting, but the voice acting! It's top notch so far; the advisor is both posh and somewhat imperious, but his voice is lovely, the hero is extremely heroic and (Old washed-up) knight-like, but hilarious. His battle cries make me grin constantly.GAMEPLAY: Ok. The interface is a bit clunky, and there's some important missing stuff there (such as a villagers list, but that's in the works according to the Devs), for example it's difficult to both find individuals, and to equip them. But the basics are there, and improvements are being added regularly. However, the camera controls are (currently) quite bad. The camera movement is slow, and the changing of camera angles just annoying. Still, these are forgivable whilst in EA.REPLAYABILITY: Yes and no! This goes back to the first point, there is limited content, but updates are monthly. So I will come back once a month and play the same maps for a few hours again and again to check out the new stuff. I will do this until it's released. Once it's released as a full game I believe I will come back to it regularly, because there are campaigns planned, there are factions included, plus there will be custom content using the level editor.In closing, I would first briefly like to touch on the most commonly maintained negatives in the abundance of unhappy reviews, in order to explain them more clearly, and to debunk those that don't really apply anymore. I don't do this for any reason other than the fact that I really love this game, and I don't personally feel that the current rating is reflective of Folk Tale's current state, nor its future potential. (Please keep in mind that the views and opinions expressed herein are those of the author only, and do not necessarily reflect the official position of any other individual or agency)""There's no story mode / save function / tutorial..."" Not true, as all have now been implemented.""There's no updates..."" Blatantly untrue! Updates have been one a month since June 2014.“It's unplayable...” Ridiculous! I have no problems playing it, and there's plenty of 'Let's Plays” online“No Dev involvement...” Preposterous!!! The Devs are invested, approachable, and transparent, consistently replying to players reviews or requests.“Game changed direction after I bought it...” This is partially true, but it changed focus (after a public survey), NOT direction. The citybuilding aspects were focussed on at the outset to get the economy and village system basics working. Now the Devs are focussing again on the RPG portions.“The Devs asked for supporters to give positive reviews to improve the rating...” SO WHAT?! If you entered your baby into a baby pageant, would you not ask your friends to give positive comments, votes and support? As I said before, the Devs are INVESTED DEEPLY in their cross-genre experience. Wishing for positive reviews and asking reviewers to reassess after so much has changed is hardly doing any harm. Wouldn't you do the same for something you believed in?TL;DR: In conclusion, I really like this game, it has amazing potential, and I love the direction it is headed in even more. It has good graphics, great sound, and is a fun and rewarding experience. If you want to see a seamless blend of citybuilding strategy and customisable character based RPG, then this is going to be it. But be warned; if you don't understand what early access is, if you don't realise it's sometimes a gamble, if you expect a fully completed, polished and perfectly balanced game right now, then hold off – it's a work in progress and currently somewhat limited in scope.But  for me, it's starting to look like the citybuilding RPG cross-genre game I've always dreamed of."
76561198047421840,Not Recommended,224440,28519003,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Raijen,"This game has been in Alpha longer than I can remember. The devs can't seem to make up their mind on the direction they want the game to go, it started as a linier city builder, went in the direction of an open sandbox builder and seems to slowly be progressing into a dungeon crawler with heroes.Honestly, I had fun playing the game but if you're trying to choose between this game or another  and are on a budget, I'd suggest staying away. I'll have kids and send them to college before this game ever even goes from Alpha to Beta.Can't recommend unless you have a ton of money to burn on games, then sure go for it."
76561197965138089,Recommended,224440,17430212,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Primal Stultus,"I've been following this game for a long time. I agree with some reviewers that it is much too early in development for how long the game has been available, however, that is not a reason to rate the game such a low score. That has nothing to do with how the game performs or how well you like it if you actually play it. At least half of all scores I've seen was some variation of, ""This game still isn't finished, 1/5"".I went ahead and bought this due to some good reviews from people who actually played the game, and I agree that it is a fun makeup. I like the idea of a sandbox-type game like Banished with an RPG element to change things up. Currently as of 8/7/15 there is only a few RPG elements implemented (such as the hero), but more are supposed to be implemented very soon.The game has a clear road map to finish, and it looks very attainable. The graphics and sound are good so far, and the gameplay on harder settings have a sense of urgency to get things running ASAP before you get attacked by spiders/goblins/other beasties. I look forward to when this game is actually finished, as it should be as good as I originally thought a few years ago. This game is going in a good direction, IMO."
76561198008005610,Not Recommended,224440,21425508,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Johnny Edge,"Suprising lack of content....I bought into this game because of all the newer reviews saying that the game has been really coming along.  I've had my eye on the game for some time, and finally took the plunge, and WOW was I suprised - for two reasons.The game is even BETTER than I had imagined.  It is such a great blend of RPG and City Builder.... but goodness is there a lack of content and so many features missing.  Seemingly simple things like research options that are in the game, but not functioning.For example, you can uprade your fishing huts to provide +1 fish per catch with 2 of the first tier of research options.  But then at the second tier, the +1 fish research option is there, but says (not implemented).  Why? How? lol, if the first tier is implemented, it's not like it's a new mechanic to have the code in there for +1 to each catch.  There are a ton of features like this that are not there ""just because.""None of the magical items tell you what they do, so that whole really cool feature is actually not there, which seems so easy to implement.  Those are just a couple examples of features that are there, but not functioning (and actually say right in the game ""not functioning"" or ""not implemented"" or ""broken"").In all honesty, this is one of the most promising games I've ever played. but for such a suprisingly great game, what happened here guys?  I put no to recommending this game, not because it's not a good game, it's amazing, but it's worthless to buy, because for $30, you can get maybe 10 hours out of it before you're completely bored. And there is better value out there, especially with the sales."
,Not Recommended,224440,31914969,Posted: 23 May,all,GBL,"I bought this game in 09.02.2013. It was in the ALPHA test. Now is 05.23.2017, try to guess what game is still in alpha test?Another the eternal alpha project, which will never be released, don't sponsor them guys. You will spend your money in the trash."
76561198023133803,Not Recommended,224440,30419506,Posted: 9 March,all,Gir Fan,"Is Folk Tale worth the price? No, not yet.The gameplay has the basic RTS feel to it but it was bland and basic 3 years ago. Today it still feels bland and basic. It feels like a mix of Stronghold Crusader, and sunday cartoon. Which is unique I will give it that. Progress has been made sence when I first played it several years ago. It has improved and implemented progressivly better and better features for combat, building, planning, research. But it stilll falls short as far as any meaty content that you can sink your teeth into. A few one liners are good for a first chuckle, but after repetivly hearing them it wears thin.I enjoyed the early story a few years ago that got me hooked to Folk Talke to begin with. It was a slapstic tale with great charater personalities. Today it seamed to have droped the main plot for a base building RTS like Stronghold Crusader. Which is great I loved that game. Yet Folk Tale needs to push past its current development block and decide what kind of RTS it wants to become. Playing single player world with no greater plot, conflict, or tale is just faffing about."
76561198042402284,Recommended,224440,13702320,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,GabeM,"I would definitely suggest this game. The developers are polite, kind, and really seem to listen to feeback. They update us as to what is going on every month, and they even redid a massive overhaul of their game almost immediately after hitting early access because they released a poll for the people who bought the game and found out we mostly wanted a sandbox type game. Everytime I visit the forums I see the devs responding to most threads, and they are incrediably professional, even when the posters get a bit aggressive. These are definitely the kind of devs I like to support, and this is definitely a game I cant wait to se in it's finished state!"
76561198059359200,Recommended,224440,21337653,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,Aydoven,"FOR THE LOVE OF TOAST!   This game is like Warcraft and Simcity made a baby, if you like building a city and making sure its safe for your towns people, this is the game for you!Pros :  With this game you have the choice (as it stands now) to either play the Campaign or play in a Sandbox enviroment.  The Campaign allows you to learn the game in nice easy pace. You learn how to control a Hero and some City Watch.  But in the start thats not going to be enough to beat the level.  You will have to create a couple more City Watch.  But thats not it, you have to not only keep your town safe, but make sure your townies have food and are warm.  Because if you only produce a war like village your people will start to starve and leave.  I can't tell you how many times I have made the mistake of rushing to build a barracks and some City Watch but even before I could gather the wood, stones, and Iron my people were Starving and leaving and then there I was with a sorta nice looking town but no one but the birds to keep me company, haha.One thing that I love of this game is the different professions that you have access to (22) you first can have a townie start his life in your town as a farmer then change him to be a miner then a monk and then to a City Watch or anything else.  And as your Townie does his job he gains xp which he uses to be a better person.As it stands now they have Two different Factions (1) the Gladefolk and (2) the Whithering Dead.  The Gladefolk are like tree people, meaning they are all about peace, love, and mother earth.  The Hero for them is called Willow the Healer, who thus in the name is a healer, she can also revive those around her that had died in one of your awesome battles.  The Whithering Dead on the other hand are there complete opposites!  They are pretty much Necromancers, their Hero is named Lilith the Necromancer, she can raise the dead put some hex's on people and other Necromancer stuff.There is another Hero named Ser Gregory who (as the game guide states) is neutral but in one of the campaigns you get him as your starting Hero He is pretty much the tank of the three main Heros.  There are some other heros that you can find around the grid as well.The Loot!  OH MAN THE AMOUNTS OF LOOT, every thing you kill, find, harvest, or dig out of the ground has some sort of use in the game.  For example for you to make mead (Beer) for your townies so they have a better life, you first need to get honey, to get honey you need to build a Bee Yard, to harvest a Bee Yard you need to build a Monastery and then you need to train some Monks.  Sure its a lot of work just to create mead but so worth it.There is a world editor, so if you are not feeling the grids that were put together you can create your own landscape!Cons: Now mind you this game is still in early access so some of these cons are because they have not been programmed yet, Buuuut I still feel the need to put in what I have noticed.There is a lot of weapons that can only be used by one person/Hero, Also when you go into a cave or something like that there is a lot of loot in the caves that you pick up but does not trasf to the main grid (Now I know that this is a bug or somthing so take it with a grain of salt)There is no way to build any type of a pathway or road, like you can build a beautiful town but it will not look more like a quickly built settlement, if they were to allow you to build a road be a dirt to start then a stone road after.  The benifits of having your people walk on a road could allow your townies to walk faster or be more productive or something.The bad guys do not respond, now they may put that in later but as of right now if you kill everything in the grid you will have nothing to fear and then it gets kinda boring.  So hopefully they will make the change if not then i guess you can just up the difficulty!Now that you know my take on the game you should be filled with the wonder that is this game if i were able to rate the game I would give it (in its state of early access) a 4.2 out of 5  Because although it is a great game if they were to say its complete now, would tarnish Games Foundry's Rep as a Gaming company!Buy this Game! You will not regret it!"
76561198014673288,Not Recommended,224440,20739575,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,furiousrath,"This game is alright.  I like the direction it's heading.  The problem is the time it's taking to get there.  Shows this game was released in early 2013 and here we are in 2016 with not even a whole level completed.   If it were completed, I'd feel it would be a great time...just not sure if that will happen in my lifetime."
,Recommended,224440,10217081,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Feran,"Its been a  while since I updated this so I'll update it again :-).The game has come a long way since it first appeared in early access.The devs continue to be very atcive on the forums and are very transparent with updates.  The game its self is a fantasy RPG/Strategy mix , with and in game editor & campaign mode, so there's plenty to have a go at. here are my pros & cons :-)Pros:-1) Devs contrinue to be active and frequently publish live streams anlong with regular                 game updates2)Single player Campaign is fun and graphics & art style are slick3)Sand box mode to launch player made maps from workshop4)Editor to create maps along with RPG elements to create missions.Cons:-1)Game was released way to early and is still in early acess2)No current ETA on release3)As it is early access there is still bugs and issue to fixOverall I still dont regret buying this game I have enjoyed  following the game & all the updates and I still feal its worth its current price with the game in its current state. All credit to  the Devs they just need to contrinue to push to the finish line :-)"
,Not Recommended,224440,30882580,Posted: 1 April,all,Codeshark,It has been in Early Access for a very long time and doesn't seem to be getting anywhere close to release.  The UI is very poor.  I would not recommend this title.
76561198076239148,Not Recommended,224440,28951812,Posted: 2 January,all,Meego,Because of this game I now think there should be an upper bound to the time a game is allowed to spend in early access.
,Not Recommended,224440,16859330,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,SkeletonHarvester,"The devs are great at keeping in touch with the community and I feel bad for having to give them a bad review but this game came out for early access 30 may 2013 and it still lacks a lot of the most basic features to make the game enjoyable to play, such as being able to jump to soldiers you've assigned a group number or a simple screen showing how many workers of what type you have.At this price point you're better off buying several older AAA titles."
,Not Recommended,224440,28886284,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,[RB]Kalasas,"I really wanted to like this game. I really did. It has some severe balancing issues, such as one spider walking through and destroying all of your villagers and heros.The main problem is that the story line pushes you to progress, but doesnt give you enough time to level your heros. Your villagers are mere cannon fodder, good for taking about one hit then dieing.It is also hard to tell where your troops are, less you select all your villagers and send them into combat.Won't recommend in current state."
,Recommended,224440,12934280,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Orword,"TL;DR: beautiful early access game, fun to play and worth the money even now.Just remember: it's not yet finished, but you can be sure it will be.Pros:Lovely art style with beautifully hand-painted graphicsGood citybuilding and economy mechanicsPowerful editor and quest designerGreat communication by the devsCons:Needs some polishingCity-building and RPG do not yet blend together perfectlyDevelopment might feel slow at times (unless you opt into the experimental branch)This game is worth the money right now and, considering all the content that will be in the game when it is released, I can't see any reasons for not getting it now."
,Not Recommended,224440,32521720,Posted: 17 June,all,JustJamesy,"If you are sincerely looking for a genuine and absolute true reflection on whether or not to purchase this 'game', then I strongly recommend you to read on first.""Folk Tale"" targets a very niche market within the gaming industry; particularly those who enjoy the concept of city-building, management and/or simulation. It could even be argued, based on the information provided by GFL (Games Foundry Limited, the developer), that this is also indicated to target the RPG market.I, personally, am a long-term fan of strategy simulation games, and at first glance of ""Folk Tale"", I was immediately reminded of the many years I spent enjoying ""The Settlers"" series ad a child.Initially, I had many problems even trying to get this game to start (I play on a Mac as opposed to Windows), reaching the point where I made the effort to attempt to contact the Developer's directly; but to even date, I - still - have received no word back. This led onto me remaining mindful that the, for lack of a better word, ""team"" behind the scenes in developing ""Folk Tale"" are in fact very small in numbers, and therefore I assumed a reasonable approach to the situation in being overly generous toward the time in which I hoped for a response:- which to be clear, still has not happened.My current ""gameplay"" time shows as 16 minutes; but in fact this was 16 minutes of real-time spent with the launcher window completely broken. The actual and true gameplay time still remains as 0 minutes, technically speaking.Recently, I felt that let down by the whole matter, I decided enough was enough and I decided to take some time to do some digging into the background of this game and it's developers and, if any, employee's or contractor's of any sort and through any reasonable means... and this is what I've discovered:1) Games Foundry Limited (the official company name, incorporated in England as can be seen in the public directory, Companies House) was incorporated in 2009.2) The Company has, in total, 3 members including the Managing Director; details of this are obtained from the publicly available records on Companies House and the LinkedIn group page for Games Foundry Limited.3) The financial figures published by the legally responsible party(ies) of Games Foundry Limited does not suggest much activity whatsoever, over the span of it's existence. Under legislation within the United Kingdom, which is the applicable law to Games Foundry Limited, a Private Limited Company comes with, in most cases, a Limitation of Liability toward it's Director's and Shareholders in regards to financial matters. Meaning if a law suit or monetary compensation is sought from Games Foundry Limited and the cash pot is empty, there's a very nigh impossible chance you would have a second avenue to take in order to recover funds. With personal experience within the world of business; and in fact running one successfully, it alarms me to see how small the financial progression has been for Games Foundry Limited over the course since 2009 to where it is at now (reference to the most recent Company submissions dated early 2017); most of which I am going to assume taking into consideration the quantity of reviews left in regards to the purchase of this game, was generated mostly from - and I use this term extremely loosely - ""users"" of Folk Tale.4) Looking into the content published by the Company and/or it's member's, if we take a look at the recommendation provided by the Managing Director to the animation artist on LinkedIn, he boasts how new work and idea's are churned out on Monday's through a virtual office (as the 3 members are spread over different continents) from being worked on over the weekend. This suggests to me that Folk Tale is indeed just a ""weekend thing""; in fact a side project in which I fear has been created to generate an income for - what appears to be based on how long this ""game"" has presented itself on Steam as ""early access"" - as long as you are going to try to make it. If so much work is churned out every or most weekend's since 2009, the current model should therefore provide a true reflection on it's future; that being incredibly dim.5) The EULA (""End User Licsence Agreement"") comprised into the sale of this product is incredibly specific, both in what it includes and fails to include. Please pay careful attention to the following disclaimer in which Games Foundry Limited is selling you this product on (with risk to stating the obvious, GFL is a reference to Games Foundry Limited, the developer, in the EULA):""at some point in the future Folk Tale may go out of date, and GFL makes no commitment to update it.""That one statement alone gives you all the sole answer you may be looking for. In conclusion, this appears to be nothing more than a - arguably - ""side project"" designed to serve as a cash cow generator to go right into the pocket of the individual who, at any given time, can cash out the paid shares and monies of a limited company and close it being fully protected under the Limitation of Liability in accordance with the applicable governing law.Truth be told, I have never felt so cheated out of my money; and personally, £15 is very little to me, but this is a matter of principal.Final thoughts? This ""game"" is in early access... It will always remain in early access to serve those gullible (like myself) enough to pay for something which they genuinely become exicted over in what is a very niche market. The moment this game is taken off Steam is the moment it stops generating sales; and shame on Steam for allowing this to happen on their platform and under their watch, it's disgraceful. This is serving as nothing more than what appears to be someone aiming to build up a pension fund to enjoy their retirement more freely; it is just a shame that it has been at the expense of others, however.Just stay away, it's as simple as that. I, for one, will never again purchase a game in which these 3 members are even remotely named in. As far as I'm concerned their credibility under this ""project"" is severely diminished; but let's face the facts, they're probably not going to be doing this much longer, so what inconvenience is it to them?The concept of this game was, and still is, great. It just simply has the wrong people behind it. Period."
,Recommended,224440,10274210,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,Rogue Roxy,"Absolutely recommended. Although still in the development stage, this game is amazing for RPG enthusiasts who'd like the added bonus of manipulating their own world and stories. The developers have been actively creating and improving multiple facets of the game since inception, regularly keeping backers involved in the process, and acting on requests and recommendations from us.As each patch is released, it is abundantly apparent that Folk Tale will be an amazing game, well worth the wait and worth every penny invested by us. I'm VERY excited to see the finished product, yet I'm in no hurry to do so lest a premature final product takes away from the remarkable content being added every time a patch is released.To the devs, my heartfelt thanks and congratulations on the quality of this game so far! I anxiously await the next integrations and surprised that undoubtedly wiill continue to amaze us.~ Roxy"
76561198007981328,Not Recommended,224440,26478355,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Fallow,"Summary: Great ideas and excellent writing with longstanding balance issues and poorly implemented RTS controls.Pros: Excellent writing in the tutorial, quests, dialogue. Very good job and very funny with lots of funny references to find. Tells a fun story and makes you want to play all the quests.Graphics are pleasing and interface is decent.Cons: Poor implementation on balance and controls.Balance:Far too many spider attacks even on easy mode. What happens is this, villagers are assigned to work buildings. When a spider kills a villager the building he was working at produces less and when this happens enough of the overall village happiness drops to the point villagers start leaving. This causes a snowball effect where leaving villagers drop the happiness rate faster and faster and the only way to increase it is to assign more villagers to those buildings which you don't have because they are all leaving.  This is very frustrating and unfun.  I restarted a few times on standard and a once on easy. In each case the game was tons of fun at first sliding into a frustrating job of micromanaging spider attacks and eventual village death.  I was so busy micromanaging I couldn't pursue the very enjoyable quests.Controls: The game plays like a Realtime Strategy and city sim. It lacks the standard RTS controls however making it difficult to manage 30+ villagers at a time when they die so often to spider attacks.  There is no option I saw to set a rally point for produced troops.  No queue for multiple orders or waypoints.  You can set a particular building to 'auto-fill' positions with villagers but it always fills to max. I would have liked to set it to only 1 villager as a baker for instance rather than the max of 4.   You get attacked from multiple directions as well so it would be nice to set a guard point and have the barracks automatically train new villagers as soldiers and send them to the guard point to replace losses.I always consider how long a game has been in development and check if they have any outstanding issues that have persisted for a long time without the devs resolving them.It seems from the other comments and reviews that there are many such long-standing issues with Folk Tale so I don't recommend this for anything above $10 until they have adjusted the spider spawn rate at the very least.Also: The tutorial was so funny and engaging that I forgot I was making breakfast and I burned my toast."
,Recommended,224440,29122962,Posted: 8 January,all,Foxy,"HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥THEY ACTUALLY LISTENED!So my first review was rather on the negative side wich was due to a few changes in gameplay that caused micromanagement.But now:1. They have given the townfolk some brain!2. They have made a auto-equip button for soldiers!3. They have added auto-management to buildings!and4. The tutorial is much better, be it a bit condescending in tone but since it´s directed towards ""bob"" and not me I guess I can live with that... the part about micromanagement enraging bob cracked me up thou and felt quite personal... xDSo here is the new review:+ Great, realy loveable GFX, they are crisp but not high poly and at the same time believable+ Very well optimized (so far, have not tryed what happens when town gets bigger), runs well even on older hardware+ Fun, yet realistic(ish) gameplay+ ""Aquarium"" feeling like the old time ""Settlers"" games++ Again, they realy listen to the players and make changes based on demand, this is so important for a EA title, I have to give it a extra + sign...- Some minor things like balancing (how many farms per farmer, how many windmills per bakery etc) should be more clearly visible or a clear rule should be established like for example 4 hunters can supply 1 butcher for 100% workload and 4 farmers can supply 1 bakery for 100% workload etc. that way we know OK: 1 winmill with full workforce and supply 1 bakery with full workforce...Other than that I don´t have much to complain about yet, but I will keep playing and I´m sure I can come up with something :D"
,Recommended,224440,10076506,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,tzirrit,"Yes it is in an very early stage. But so far it looks very promising and could become exactly the right mixture between village builder, rpg, and light strategy game!Edit: It has been a long time since my inicial review and the game went trough some changes (especially the move away from the original campaign and towards sandbox). Apart from what some other negative reviwers say, I think the move towards sandbox was a good one.That being said, the sandbox mode finally starts to turn into a game! There are still some things missing, especially the UI still needs some work. Also some features are not fully implemented yet, but you get a good impression of what's coming. And I really like what seems to be coming.For the first time since the old tutorial/campaign, sandbox mode feels like a game and I am having fun upgrading my villagers with better equipment and exploring the wilds!My positive review still holds, now more than ever!"
,Recommended,224440,32166017,Posted: 3 June,all,Athei,"I don't get why is there so much hate towards this game in the last few months.Yes the game we have now is something different than when the devs first introduced it to us, but that's the side effect of the devs actually listening to it's community. Some will welcome the changes, others will hate them, and that will always be so.Also it's true that the game is in development for a long time, but:- devs didn't abandon it- the game didn't go from paid to free-to-play- there are no worthless DLCs while the game is still AlphaI for one still have the fate that the devs will pull it off in the end, and for that I give this game a thumbs up."
,Not Recommended,224440,30710784,Posted: 24 March,all,glock30owner,"The game was originally a very humorous blend of city builder and resource manager with a bit of RTS elements. That was apparently too much for this developer to handle, so it was scrapped and turned into you sub-par RTS with no soul. If that is what you like, zerg away."
,Not Recommended,224440,30842617,Posted: 30 March,all,Lokaror,"This game has been in development for far, far too long. The devs screwed the pooch with this one. As far as i can tell the game has come far in the years its been in development, and im no game dev but it seems glacial at this point. That and the fact that one of the devs basically made a sob story forum post trying to guilt people into positive reviewing the games saying that it would fail without it is a bad move. I played for 30 minutes today and i dont know what i even payed for it anymore, but i suppose the game would be worth that price had it been handled well. The game is fine, if a bland fantasy game and i really wanted to believe in the project. But with how these devs have handled it, i cannot reccomend. Maybe check back in 4 years to see if its complete. At the time of its compeltion i will edit this review. Until then, steer away."
76561197966366314,Recommended,224440,26184383,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Insanitor,"I bought this game, about when it was first available, and back then it was Very, VERY Crude, but I felt it had a lot of potentiel, but uninstalled it and decided to check in on it a while later.Then I kinda forgot about it, up until today when a friend of mine mentioned he had looked at it, and though about buying it, and I remembered I had the game. So I decided to reinstalled the Experiemental version, to see the latest results.And my reaction was Astonishment... Everything had changed, and the crude game I once had a great hope for, have evolved into a game I already at this point, think I could end up sinking hours upon hours in.What this have shown me up till this point, is the developers are very hard working, and take the feedback from their community very seriously. And I will recommend this for anyone, who wants a great experience now, and at some distant point in the future when they decide to pick it back up again."
,Not Recommended,224440,15710705,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Waffles,"When I first bought this game, it was very different, the campaign mode gave it some purpose and it had a lot of potential. I hope the campaign mode comes back. (Unless of course I'm thinking of a completely different game).I'll review the game as it stands currently. There are fairly regular updates which is important for early access. But generally it doesn't feel like much progress is being made. Game still very buggy and unbalanced. There are like 5 basic sandbox maps (inc. tutorial).While the general ""Early Access"" issues are forgiveable, so far gameplay wise there are a few week points:1) Combat needs serious work2) AI, why can't the city watch proactively defend the village?3) Managing soldiers, and their items (and managing items in general) is janky as hell.4) Managing your villagers is rather difficult, in that you have to go to each individual building, a general overview of idle workers and stuff and their statuses would be cool.The art style is gorgeous even if the graphics generally look a few years out of date, it's not competing with AAA titles though so that's not too much of an issue.Also, I discovered that the camera is actually useable if you hold shift while moving it. It actually moves at a decent speed. Cool feature, wish it was more obvious.I like it, you may too. But I can't recommend it for everyone."
,Recommended,224440,2499737,"Posted: 13 August, 2013",all,Beno Ledoux,"This is a kickstarter type game, so it's currently just a tech demo/tutorial. Keep in mind it has bugs. That being said.. I love what I've seen so far. It reminds me a bit of Bard's Tale, in it's humor. Right now it looks a bit ""stiff"" as far as the building placements go, I think they are going to change that... but I really enjoy this game, I've played the tutorial several times thru. If you have the patience, this will hopefully turn out to be a great little game!!! The art and music in the game are really nice, too!!"
76561198083205097,Recommended,224440,13798837,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,GeneralSol,"Folk Tale has come a long way and is now very playable. In it's early access, there are only a few maps as of Jan.2015. But I still find myself playing over and over again.The Developer releases a Blog every week and listens closely to players critique.Looking really good!"
,Not Recommended,224440,8714765,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,morxzas,"The Idea and concept of this game made me interested in it, so I bought it. After almost 7 Months of having it, nothing changed. Now you can make your own maps, but nothing more. Really slow developement and I don't know if they just wanted to make money with early access! Don't buy this game!"
76561198003052772,Recommended,224440,10284403,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,fisher,"I highly recomend this game,many of the current reviews are outdated and since then there has been a massive sandbox mode added to the game and frequent dev blogs as well as forums posts to keep hte community updated. This game has massive potential and is a must have in my opinion."
76561198006986278,Not Recommended,224440,22914204,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Bored Peon,"I had originally given the game a good review about two years ago. It had potential, yet that potential has gone nowhere. The game is no closer to being finish now as it was then.The amount of progress in this early access is nearly neglibile compared to what other developers have done in early access. You can find dozens and dozens of similar complaints, more than other early access games. In fact this is one of them early access games that has given early access games a bad repuation about producing results.There is a lot of complaints on why this game has taken so long. I can tell you exactly why that is. The developer is too busy playing with social media than producing results in the game. Think about how many hours a week a developer spends playing with social media, now multiply that by four for a month, then ten times that for a year. That is a lot of lost manhours for what?The developer spent far too much time playing social media star and moderator than actually putting work into the game. While acting as a moderator the developers showed a lot of favoritism to the fan boys allowing them to say what they wanted, but if you spoke out agains thte game your posts were deleted.This is definitely one of them early access titles you do not touch until the game is completed. Even then I would be wary because at the rate of development you can be pretty sure the game will be released too soon (funding issues) and will be full of bugs to be patched later. (Guess I was wrong there because I did not figure complete abandonment of the game.)So here it is yet a second year after my purchase and the game still is a pile of incomplete crap.The developer went from playing social media star to completely missing in action over three months ago. Given the social media addiction the developer had it kind of points towards the game was abandoned and the developer does not want to who their face.As for Steam's refund policy. It does not apply if you played more than two hours or owned longer htan two weeks. Why the game is still even listed on the store page seems kind ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.EDIT: The Steam store for this game was closed a few months ago.BUYER BEWARE"
76561197972047065,Recommended,224440,28462975,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,`HostieChow Mmm,"This game is great. Base building is fun and challenging, you need to pace upgrades with expansion. The maps are huge and beautiful. I've only played the free build because of the difficulty scaling.Difficulty scaling is the downfall of the game in my opinion. As your hero levels the mobs become much more difficult. They become too difficult. As a level six hero, with advanced equipment I was unable to kill even two basic mobs. Two wolves were impossible for me to kill.This difficulty scaling makes the game impossible. I start a free build city in Haven, build my base and train enough troops to clear the level. At the end my hero is level 6 and I travel to the next town. In the next town I retain my level and equipment. When you start a new town you must (required) kill the starting mobs near your town. At level 6, with the mob difficuly scaling, a level 6 hero with advanced armor and weapons is unable to kill the basic mobs.Until this feature of the game is adjusted there is no way to play from one town to the next. This game is limited to one map at a time.I hope a developer reads this and considers making adjustments. However, it is worth noting, the difficulty is something I enjoy, its just moving from one town to the next that is impossible."
76561198072583682,Recommended,224440,25052699,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,schoomler,"Nice mix of citybuilder and RPG with all my favorite bits from other games. Like Banished but with more things (heroes, combat, monsters, adventuring). They still have more work to do but what is there is very playable.PROS+ Nice graphics w/ lots of detail+ Campaign is nice, with voiced scenes and a fun story+ You can craft and give everyone gear+ Funny tutorial+ Active devsCONS- Been in development for a long time, but gets regular updates- Some rebalancing still needed but not game breaking once you learn the rules (tutorial helped a lot!)Can't wait for it to be finished."
76561198010315298,Recommended,224440,17544942,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Toewsy,"This game has so much potential! For those who don't really have the patience to spend time creating, the gameplay itself has come leaps and bounds since i began playing, with loads of replayability per map. But my main focus isn't on the way the game plays in an immediate sense, but where this game has the potential to go in the next year or so. With a large enough community, and with player-made campaigns and adventures being uploaded I would love to see this game flourish in the same way as Little Big Planet did, regarding the way the community was shaped. Having said that, this game IS early access and there are features that are incomplete at this point. Personally, no regrets. Patience is finally paying off with developers that take pride in what they're making, and are delivering on their promises."
,Not Recommended,224440,32614035,Posted: 21 June,all,slopeh,This game will be the last time I'm gonna purchase an Early Access Game. Sick of those never ending Alphas. Steam should be more restrictive twards this type of releases. They're all over now.
76561198151891368,Not Recommended,224440,23733570,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,jordan.peter.cox,"So that was hmmm... quick?6 hours in and game completed and I think the longest part  was the tutorial... How long has the game been in development? Campaign mode was easy and incredibly boring - the thing that took the time was constantly running back and forth over and over between locations. :(I can see that this game could be really good! It's something I'm interested in definitely, especially liking games like anno and banished! I also like that I can go and explore and do separate missions! Awesome :)Having said that, this game is so long in development and does not seem to be progressing anywhere at all  :( I see people commenting on the campaign in 2015 and I don't see any other options or further storyline...Paid research upgrades do not work so don't bother researching tech as it does NOTHING! Look at your production tab - you will see the base rate and it will never change - even if you have a fully upgraded and fully research building. Basic!Don't bother whipping or paying people to work harder - again does nothing except cost you money.Balance of the game is weird - I have 1000's of food - change from x1 - x2 consumption (100 pop) and within 5 minutes food is gone and people leaving and unhappy...""Salvaging"" does nothing but just make your items disappear - you can't craft anything of value and you have to MANUALLY distribute all your crappy loot individually to each separate workhouse... I appreciate having more control on your loot and items and what you do with them but why not just be able to place in warehouse and let your villagers best arm themselves? Of the 6 hours it probably took me about an hour to distribute loot...Many items are unexplained in their purpose or what they do - rare item - X ring but that's it... OK so what do I do with it?I really want to like this game but I can't :( If I see how long the game is in alpha dev (more than 2 years...) and how little you can actually do with the game I have a feeling I just wasted 6 hours and 20 bucks...  If it was more fun with less irritations I would say meh... but it wasn't a great 6 hours!So I recommend to you if you have 20 bucks free and 6 hours to really ""waste"" and not enjoy it that much... I figure most don't or won't so I unfortunately cannot recommend this game!"
76561197995673717,Not Recommended,224440,12854198,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Sir Draven,"This game is, unfortunately, a perfect example on why developers should not listen TOO much on the vocal part of the community. The plans they had in the beginning were very promising. A campaign driven game. The vocal community wanted sandbox, and the game is now in what seems a never ending early access... The game is frankly a mess. Trying to be a little bit of everything, with no real goals, make it bland in every part. I really wanted this game to be good. It was really promising. Sadly I can't see it be a finished product in a long time.If they went with their original plan I have no doubt that this game would have been finished, and a success too. Now the game is panning out to be for a minority of players, with increasing development time and cost.The developers are trying to keep us updated, but developer blogs do not really cut it. We want a game. Not videos of what might be. Yeah. I know. Early access. But this game have been in this state a long time. As it is now. I can't recommend it at all. No one would be happier than me if I'm proven wrong about the game in the future. But I doubt it will turn out great in the end."
,Not Recommended,224440,22511877,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Chance,I had a long review but here's the simple version:I bought an early access game hoping to have a finished game within a year. It has been almost three years and I'm still waiting. Don't buy this game unless you want to be writing the same review in 2019.
76561198000282601,Not Recommended,224440,11384942,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Illfated,"EDIT 7/1/2016:  This game is a labyrinth. I've been here for 3 years. I'm trapped, and can't find my way out. There is no hope for me... but you still have a chance! Run! The minotaur is coming for your money. Run while I reinstall his game and see it in the same state it was 1 year ago! Hurry, don't read any more, find another game and don't come back!POST 7/23/2014: Wait until its completed, the game was released FAR too early. I got the game OVER a year ago... I checked every day for months for a promised ""SANDBOX MODE"". Finally I gave up. Here I am now reinstalling the game to see how it has developed.... sandbox, with only humans, very little additions, massive amounts of bugs, countless actions require you to quit to the desktop and restart the game just to move on.... I'm horrified by this purchase, and will never buy anything Early Access again. I just can't believe this is still available for purchase, when its still in an early alpha stage this long into being on Steam. Every concept is great, sure, thats why I purchased it. Had it said all the stuff it does now in the ""Early Access"" portion over a year ago when first being introduced, I would have simply clicked store again. I feel like this game should come out to be gold to be worthy of my $20 with all this interest, I can only hope. Just wait for it to release, whenever that may or may not be.Summary? The game has AMAZING ideas, and concepts. But, I advise NOT TO PURCHASE it, until it is released."
76561198036995844,Not Recommended,224440,27754232,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,AKwood,"Devs refuse to add any pausing (even in build menus), so unless you're into hardcore RTS, don't bother. Would've been a good game otherwise, but that seriously sapped any fun to be had right out of it."
76561198079423555,Not Recommended,224440,29323453,Posted: 17 January,all,CaptainSideburns,"Bought this game back in 2013, played it in Early Access. Hated it, decided to come back later.2017, decided to go back to it- still in early access. Enjoyed it more, but still needs a lot of work."
,Recommended,224440,20225672,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Sam,"So having played quite a bit I would have to say I recommend this game to anyone who is a fan of games such as banished, stronghold crusader or even games like warcraft 3 it has elements from games I played years ago but with very pleasing graphics and enviroments remnisent of warcraft 3.At present I have come across some bugs and I can get a large villiage up and running in about an hour however I think its great fun with good replay value, the built in editor should give anyone willing to put the time in hours of enjoyment creating new levels.As I said it has some problems but looking at the patch history it has come along way and with the new patches will get alot better.Note: at present your main hero character does not respawn I learned this to my peril save often!"
,Recommended,224440,1856114,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,Bryan Cranston,"In this tale of folksieness you play as a levitating, god, man bear pig thing and rule a small village of people whos intelligance is only reflected by their favorite food (Toast). So if you want a game where every one has a british accent (Except a red neck mage, who is homosexual), are stupid as bricks, and over use the word toast, then this is the game for you!"
76561198056028282,Recommended,224440,22771421,"Posted: 2 May, 2016",all,NBK,"Campain Mode seems to be progressing well.However, that being said I only give a yes recommendation tentativly.  Playing in sandbox mode I fould to be quite challenging.  The happiness of your citizens are way too demanding.  As well they are way too fickle.  You cannot seem to go beyond 40 villagers without them all leaving due to unhappiness.  Its a viscous cycle, you can't maintain your happiness level without villagers to provide what your villagers are unhappy about and so on and so forth.I do see great potential in the game however to those who like citybuilding type games but this game also has an RPG element to it as well, so I found it quite enjoyable.To sum up:  Villagers get unhappy too quickly, tough to maintain.  Great potential though."
,Not Recommended,224440,34148491,Posted: 10 August,all,eXophobia,"(tldr at the bottom)The start:Bought game very soon after it came to Steam Early Access.Had high hopes for the game concept (Settlers with minor Hero/RPG elements). Team responded very well initially to community feedback and after a long hiatus (almost a year for all I remember) they resurfaced with a polished playable Alpha and a new design road based on community feedback (Primarily sandbox gameplay + randomised quest system in favor of a campaign).How it went on:Over the years they chose to drop more and more features - quite understandably as they just couldn't meet their goals (initial timeline was set to at max 2 years Early Access).First they introduced way more hero related stuff than I had ever expected or was announced. Settlement economy wasn't working at all at the time, lacked alot of content - there wasn't even hostile monsters yet. But at least we got one, then two and then three distinctive heroes with their own personalities and beginning storylines.Then they dropped the idea that players could enter buildings, next they dropped that feature completely (customizable housing).Fast forward a few years. The heroes aren't really there any more and became more generic in favor of a campaign telling the story. A campaign? Yes, the sandbox questing feature wasn't received well by new EarlyAccess backers and it was decided to shift development to a campaign.By now settlements had a working economy with mediocre content and some obviously missing elements. There were guards&archers and monsters - all of it working. But not much more than that. Heroes were there, but not available ingame at that moment.Fast forward a few years. The dev team announces that internal struggles are crippling their development. Additionally they can't deal with the negative feedback they keep getting on their Steam Storepage (every since the game's rating went to Mixed and below). So they announced repeatedly that they requested to suspend their store page and stop sales on Steam momentarily completely.Dear devs:* If you run out of money, that's cool. Be open about it and talk to the community.* If you run out of people to work on the project, be open about it. There are actually techies in your backers base that might help out.* Be open for discussions on how to tackle the issues about financing, release, DLC/addon packs.Here's however what not to do:* Ignore your long term backers that have been with you for many many years. Contributed to development and engaged in discussions.* Go over your long term backers in favor of new ones for what seems like money related issues.* Go on month (even year) long hiatus without ANY response at all. Just to resurface with genius ideas that ignore the community.* Blame community for giving your programming project (it's not a game after all right now) a negative feedback on the store.So yes I totally get that you dislike negative feedback. But whining about it is not the way to tackle the problem. You get those negative reviews because we don't want people to pay you for ... well what are they actually paying for? Your job? Your extra income to your regular job? Maintenance costs for your marketing, servers, rent?If you wanna change something, don't change your company's name, change your attitude. Stand up to the negative reviews, start to include the community again. As soon as things go for the better, people will start changing their reviews accordingly (you know these entries can be modified by us, right?).tldr; for new people interested in buying the game:As of now, August 2017, everything hints that the game won't be finished ever. The team is torn in internal and community struggles. They go back and forth on what part of the game they want to develop. Their current actions (past months) show the typical signs of a studio going out of business."
,Recommended,224440,21574528,"Posted: 1 March, 2016",all,George,"Folk Tale is a Fantasy village builder action role-playing game.The game is currently in early-acces.The game currently has alot of content, even though it's in early acces.The game has a sandbox mode, you can also play the Campaign.The campaign is still under development, but from what I've seen it's very promising.You start out with a group of peasants, you construct your city, your villagers have needs. of course you have to keep your villagers happy. some of the needs are: Warmth, Different sorts of food and clothing.Your villagers can gather food, wood, stone and iron. to make your villagers work more efficient you can construct buildings, such as a woodcutters hut and a Fishing hut.You can also upgrade the buildings to increase productivity.You need certain buildings to craft items for your villagers/soldiers to use.There are many sorts of buildings to construct, and the developers keep adding more!Besides the city building you can also explore the world, the game features a real-time combat system.You can manage the inventory of every individual villager.In the world there are many things to explore. such as different cultures, monsters, dungeons and many more!There is alot of contact between the developers and the community, every patch features many improvements, balancing, bug fixes, new content.If you enjoy micromanagement, city builders, story-rich, fantasy, action, RPG, adventure, crafting games you won't regret buying this amazing game!"
76561198020988398,Not Recommended,224440,32730022,Posted: 24 June,all,Shekel Goldstein,This game is great if you like being disappointed. Since I purchased it I've enjoyed opening it once a year to be disappointed by the large unwanted changes from the original concept and general lack of develeopment.10/10 Disappointment Simulator
76561198025557752,Recommended,224440,18208419,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,Bubblebathory,"I bought this game quite some time ago because I really enjoy city-builders and this one had real promise. A lot has changed in development but I'm not even remotely disappointed. Their character editor and map editor are both startlingly extensive and the main game mode is leaps and bounds beyond what it was when I first played. They've taken the advice and suggestions of their players and gone from a stiff but lighthearted citybuilter to something considerably more organic and immersive (and they maintained both the beautiful style and pluck of the initial concept as they did).I was concerned back in the earliest builds that they'd make some ridiculous blunder and have the job assignments strictly gendered. I'm so glad to see that they didn't and that (aside from some questionable villager commentary that I assume will be updated or varied eventually, and the lack of variety in models which I also assume will be updated) there's a notable lack of sexist shenanigans.There's still quite a bit they have to implement (in game mechanics, balancing, etc) but it's already fun and enthralling. This game is a delight and I expect it's only going to get better as development continues.  Right now, even without full features, I feel satisfied that I've gotten my money's worth."
,Recommended,224440,21813150,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,-39,"BUY if you want to support a fun shell of a game with interesting ideas and potential. DO NOT BUY if you are expecting anything like a complete game that lives up to its promises (yet).I just didn't know whether to go thumbs up or down, agonised over it for a while and went with up purely because it's early access. I thought I'd start out by supporting the devs with a positive review and see where it leads us. I'll change to thumbs down if my  faith is not rewarded.The shell of the game is fun, intuitive, nice to look at and has a great deal of promise. But it is, currently at the time of writhing this review, a SHELL. The main mechanics for building and growing a town are largely in place but many of the interesting features promised in the Steam screen shots and video are missing. There is no way to 'make friends', discover new worlds (there isn't even a world map implemented as yet). You build a town, form a small raiding party, wipe out everything on the map and that's the game done (there are only 3 maps available in sandbox mode).There are plenty of building to choose from, although they are all standard for a game of this type (logging camp, windmill, bakery, tavern, barracks etc) but there really is only one way and order in which to build them if you want any success.  Establish an economy and a small army, venture out rinse and repeat.The RPG element is totally missing from what I can see, as is diplomacy and any sort of 'world' mechanic (I looted loads of items on the first map and had nothing to do with them). The resource build/gather mechanic is in place and it's fun to implement (odd lack of any ability to build roads not withstanding) but it's going to be repetitive without the other half of the game promised by the promotional material.This was a borderline thumbs up giving the devs the benefit of the doubt. The content available is fun (although not original) but all the originality is in the other HALF of the game's promises that are not in place."
,Not Recommended,224440,8816901,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Hydrodjent,"Would not recommend this game to anyone, dev's are lazy and accomplished nothing in the year i had this early access game in my library.Tonnes of updates but you play the game, none of them are visable, save/load is bugged out. I don't see this game being completed and if it does get completed, it will be in another 3 years and all the players will be burntout of this crap the devs are pulling. Total waste of money."
76561198003552958,Not Recommended,224440,30132886,Posted: 23 February,all,Sentenc3d,"I'd love to say I enjoyed this game... but after I bought it like 47 years ago and finished playing the 30 minutes of available game play I uninstalled it to wait until the developers had finished it. Well, since then I've moved numerous times over 6000 miles of the earth, gotten married, had a kid, worked for 3 different companies in 6 different jobs, bought a house, had another kid, and this game still isn't finished. I don't even have time anymore to play video games. How do I get a refund? :P"
,Recommended,224440,7783348,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Pepsiman,"Folk Tale definitly is the most promising game on Early Access, the concept is amazing! building and maintaining a village, create a small army and do RPG like quests. Every character has his own level progression and loadout, and it's gonna be a Sandbox game which is awesome. BUT, since the release in may 2013 the devellopers haven't added anything besides the save and load feature and a few bug fixes. I know games aren't created over night but I thought the point of Early Access was, at least according to Steam, that you buy a game for a low price, you get to play it AND see the game evolve, but nothing really changed since the release. The devellopers are still working on it though because they release ""dev blogs"" every now and then and some youtube video's to show us what they did. So what's included in the game when you buy it in it's current state, a tutorial which takes about 1-2 hours to finish, thats pretty much it.If one of the devellopers is reading this here's some advise that will statisfy most players; add the map editor, we might not be able to do anything with the maps we created but at least we get to play around with it. And maybe you should add showcases like they did in ArmA III, like small quests that can be started through the main menu to show some new monsters, enemies and features. I'm not a develloper but I cannot imagine it would be hard to do, and you will regain some trust with the people who have forgotten about the game or lost faith in it because they didn't see anything change for months.So should you buy it, if you like the concept, yes. It might only have tutorial for now (and you should keep in mind when you buy it that it might be like that for another few months) but as the game grows bigger the game will become more expensive. And to be honest, it's probably the best and most fun tutorial I've ever played so the game should be great when it's released.EDIT: The developer told me in the comment section that we'll get a preview of the location editor during the christmas patch!!!"
76561198007278766,Not Recommended,224440,30512943,Posted: 14 March,all,Mac,"Well, I was very leary of buying this because of all the bad reviews and the very immature additude of the developer, but I did anyway.First of all, the game isnt bad. It's got alot of great ideas in it. It's a sort of Age of Empires meets Rimworld I guess. So if you like that kind of thing, this is perfect.Not hard to jump into. Everything is pretty self explanitory. Tutorial was made as if explaining the game to a five year old, very easy to understand.I had one crash. After I figured out this was another AOE kind of game, i tried exiting out of the tutorial. Loading screen became stuck at 40%. I simply closed the game window and restarted. No biggie.Starting a new town is fun, but after that it got boring for me. The map I played on wasnt that big. My knight eaisly eliminated any hostiles i found. didnt find anything really cool to explore, which is what i was actually hopeing for.For me the game isnt bad. But its not my kind of game.Personel opinion time.....The dev made comments about negative reviews and how he didnt think his game deserved them. No kidding, no dev believes that.I can almost assure you that any time a dev says or does something that even seems suspect, your going to get more negetivity. I agree the game doesnt deserve negative reviews. Its not a bad game. But the dev does. And thats why i give this a thumbs down.Again, nothing against the game itself. Just the developers."
76561197992064948,Not Recommended,224440,33418132,Posted: 9 July,all,Senbotsu,"Abandon all hope, ye who enter here!I supported this game early on, but at this point it is heading down the spiral towards abandonware that a few other Early Access games have gone.  Development has been slower than a single programmer could achieve just working weekends in-between a normal job, which leads me to believe that the developers ambition exceeded their ability.We're currently at the point that the developers, after 4 years of very little progress, are blaming the customers and their large amount of negative reviews for 'hurting' game development. (This post has been deleted now, but a few other have quoted what was said already so I won't bother doing another copy&paste.)"
76561198008018479,Not Recommended,224440,32323313,Posted: 10 June,all,mike4314,I have never had to wait so long for a game. I got this years ago and I'll put it this way; George RR Martin has a better chance of finishing ASOIAF than this game being finished.
76561197976458834,Recommended,224440,10134596,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,Bruej,"For a team of 9, this game shows promise.  The 3D concept and implementation of this style game requires a larger team which they do not have, and with limited funding delays are expected.  This team is going up against software giants such as EA and the like.I have played through what is available and I honestly enjoy it.  If the team can hold true, keep the big picture in mind and release the full features within a set amount of time, this game can easily be a David among goliaths.  I'm standing by the team and hope they can deliver.I am excited for the features to be continually implemented, Great job Games Foundry!"
76561198092347981,Recommended,224440,22997238,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,Connnr,"About a year ago I gave this game a review that did not reccomend it, my reasoning was I felt the story had been abandoned for an open world sandbox game that had not been the intention of the game at the time. However because this should be about whether or not I reccomend the game to new buyers I've decided to change my original review to a positve one. Folk Tale now has a very clear goal in it's continued development as an early access game. With an art style remeniscent of Fable and gameplay like that of Black and White it's good fun to play for a few hours at a time making use of each new update and keeping track of the development bloggs. If your new to the game you'll know what they are offering you from the trailers and enjoy it for those reasons. Whilst I hope that when the game is finished it will have a full story mode that still holds all the great humour that I enjyed two years ago."
,Recommended,224440,23119680,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,WorldsGr8stBoss,"I've played the game for about 10.5 hours in Sandbox mode and I think I'm in love. The Stream description does a great job of letting you know ahead of time what you're in for -- ""If you ejoy Warcraft, The Settlers, Banished....""I really like Banished but think the game needs more depth to hold my attention. I've also always loved games like Warcraft and Age of Empires except I've always wished I could spend more time on the survival elements of those games.For anyone who has felt the same way, I prescribe Folk Tale by Games Foundry."
76561198053655376,Not Recommended,224440,30429698,Posted: 10 March,all,Yoyo4games,"Got this in 2013, which is when I started a relationship with someone who wasn't a gamer. They'd never heard of the idea of early access, but thought it sounded interesting. Fast forward four years, I hear them start laughing, loudly, as they get on their computer after work. I walk in and, once they've settled, see whats on the screen. Next day I decide to give it a whirl while my internet is down, and progress(maybe) 20min further into the story before it force-stops me.We laughed and laughed, then they said it was another day-z. I replied with the fact that this is an RTS, so it is much more shameful, being incomplete still. Don't give em your cash."
,Recommended,224440,22183724,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Jimmy Peru,"This is a fun, relaxing, charming and at times beautiful RTS, RPG, hybrid, whatever you want to call it.GOOD STUFFSatisfies that village building itch. And finally a forgiving game that goes at a relaxed pace.The score is lovely, the humour a little cheesy but not overly cringworthy. And some darker choices in the campaign are great to see and follow.Placing buildings feels good and they look gorgeous and unique when upgraded. It can get expensive, but its perfectly feasible to knockdown and rebuild structures when the village grows and you want to replan.The RPG level on your heroes and villagers is minimal but in my opinion just the right level. At first I didn't want to micro-manage all their equipment, and I could (seemingly) safely ignore it, but I found myself eventually drawn to and actually enjoying it.Something I love about it is the way the ground you slowly expand over still feels alive and natural. Your woodcutters automatically plant saplings as well as fell trees - so there are always trees growing in the town. The hunters still find and hunt animals on your grounds as well. And the villagers go absolutely all over the place, which looks great, all with their own needs (like hunger and new clothes), even delivering firewood to cottages which I thought was a nice touch.And it's great to zoom out after a number of hours see how your village has become a huge, fortified town.ROUGH EDGESStill some rough edges, obviously. But not had any crashes or game killing bugs. Just a few wtf moments where things haven't been implemented, aren’t obvious, or the where the campaign isn't finished.Villagers can lose their gear when you start reassigning jobs, which calls for a bit more micro-management.And it needs an easier way to distribute clothing and gear to the masses. Although this in itself isn't really necessary, but it's nice to know your villagers are as protected as they can be.Combat is fun, but a little weak at the moment; I think it mainly needs a lot more audio.And overall it needs a bit of balancing here and there. At the moment, if anything, it's all too easy.DEVSI only just came in at the end of March 16. I looked at the Negative reviews first, and it seems that many of them are complaints at development time. Fair enough, I have a few games on my shtilist that have taken an age and I thoroughly regret backing. And this might of been one had I found it years ago.But, judging this game on it's current merits, I think it deserves a much higher rating.Judging the devs is another thing and maybe they deserve the knock - But thankfully not for me to argue or care about.---------------At the end of the day this is a great game in the making. I want to see this game complete.This, to me, is one of those EA games where all the problems are positive ones: I just want more of it: more hero's, more gear, building animations, deeper combat, more to do in town. I can't think of anything to really complain about, want removing or drastically changing at this point.It's more than just a great foundation, it just needs a more content and polish.Most certainly worth it in a sale if you're unsure."
76561198006533603,Recommended,224440,20570413,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Weeaboo Hitler,"So far, the game is pretty good, but it is can be unforgiving if you mess up. Once villagers become unhappy, they start leaving and they won't stop. This requires more balancing, as once they start leaving, businesses start to empty, thereby reducing the production of things that keep villagers happy, which reduces unhappiness even more and causes more villagers to leave.Basically when unhappiness outweighs happiness, you're  screwed. The only way to really counteract this is prior knowledge of when villagers desire what. So here is an important pro-tip:At 30 population, your villagers will demand new clothing, and at 40 population, they will demand mead. So try your best to prepare these industries in advance before hitting the population mark, otherwise you will be crushed by unhappiness. The game itself is becoming great, but the unhappiness mechanic really guts your village when it takes effect."
,Recommended,224440,9708327,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,BigBeardThoRn,I reccomend this game for its idea and what it is planning on doing like tower defence minigame update that is coming out but however as you mabey can see the game is far from finished. My suggestion is to watch some developers blogs and mabey do some research first if you like games as Settlers or Age of Empires this game can turn out quite well for you.This game doesn't have frostbite 3 engine grapics but bit of world of warcraft like in my opinion a game shouldn't be juged at its grapics (most of the time).The developers are doing a great job after a time of silince and I have fait they will put out a good game but it may take a while before this game reaches its point you can enjoy its full content for now there is a map creator to toy with and a charcter custumizer (Warning you can make disturbing monsters) but concept wise the game sounds like a great multietasking town manger game with rpg elements.
,Not Recommended,224440,33709126,Posted: 21 July,all,Shasta,"I bought into this game in 2013 thinking this would be the kind of game I've been looking for. Sandbox with RPG elements, what could go wrong?Fast forward 4 years. This game is still in Early Access. I don't remember when I uninstalled it, but there it is in my library, abandoned. The development seems to have slowed to an excruciating crawl, and the portents signal a doom that is swooping down. I don't wish it so, but the signs all point to to it. Please prove me wrong."
76561198052348686,Recommended,224440,22217801,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,SugarCayne,"NOTE: I bought this game in early beta stages in 2013.  As with all beta, there were a ton of bugs and issues and so I put it back on a shelf until it was more polished. I think people have to realize that when something's in beta, it WILL have issues. If you're judging an entire game before actual release, you need to adjust your expectations as such.That said, I just opened up the game yesterday after shelving it for more than a year, and wow. I'm quite impressed with the changes. This game has a little something for everyone.It works on the same principle as other sim building games -- where you set up a village, nurture its growth by adding food supplies, shelter, and defense -- but it's so much much more than just your basic sim build.Each of the various buildings you can place in your village are upgradeable, require specific sets of values (happy peasants, enough wood, etc) to upgrade, but you can ALSO spend resources learning specialized tricks for each trade - your blacksmith learns how to make plate, your tavern learns how to host a mead festival (and brothel! oh my!) -- each building and the workers in them are part of a giant cog that makes your village work.Once you research tricks for your trade, you can actually craft items. Yes, I said craft items. You can equip your peasants with tougher gear so they can fend off invasions of spiders or other enemies. You can make regular cloth or silk, plate armour or swords -- the choice is up to you.BUT THAT'S NOT ALL!You also get your own ""hero."" A goofy, loveable type, he ventures out into the world to fight the invading forces, collect resources and discover loot. He levels up like you expect in a traditional MMO, and gains experience, stats and strength.Those with OCD for building sims and building sims only may have some trouble multi-tasking -- the resources your ""hero"" collects are necessary for some town upgrades/builds -- but it makes this game so much more complex than your traditional RPG or city builder.My first day back playing, I lost 10 hours to the game. That's the first time a game so engrossed me in such a long time.The pros:* You can create a bustling village, complete with its own economy (heck, you can fill your citizens up with mead and have them drunk all the time, so they don't complain about taxes).* Each industry (mining, tailor, bakery, farm, blacksmith, tavern, etc) is fully upgradeable. With each upgrade unlocking new skills.* Each industry has specialized knowlege to learn; unlocking different abilities.* Each sim resident can be geared up with items you craft.* Your hero explores the rest of the map, fights enemies and comes home with loot.The cons:* While the humor is great in this game, the narrator can be a tiny bit grating at times. He's especially gleeful and sullen when your villagers get upset and leave. Bit of a drama llama :)The game is absolutely worth buying, particularly if you love sim building and RPG. I haven't seen any other game out there quite like it."
76561198040334420,Recommended,224440,18785835,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Selunea,"Ive been looking for a fun game to play and I had been tracking this game for a while, finaly I bought and tried it and it went beyond my inital expectations, The game has advanced resource, production, and crafting systems, there is also a fun city management mechanic, I only slightly touched on the rpg side (killed a bear and some koblods with a hero) of the game and from what I tried it has expetional potential, I would recomend it to anyone looking for a city building game with rpg and rts elements."
76561198082053630,Recommended,224440,16089179,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,asix009,"*I bought this game at the very beginning of early access and was drawn to it with the story line which seemed very enjoyable and interesting. It looked like it would have quests to go save one of the villager's wife who had been captured by some goblins, while also building your town. Now it's just sandbox. Woo hoo, I built a building. Yay, more people are coming to my village. Oh no, someone has a fever and then takes medicine. No quests, no direction. I like the graphics, and the music is enjoyable. But that's really all that it's got going for it so far. I really hope the developers will find a way to bring back the story that was originally set when this game began.*UPDATE: Another player has informed me that the story is in the works to be coming back, indicated in their comment to this review! This restores my hope in this game and I have changed my decision on if I'd recommend this game. This information is much appreciated!"
76561198033676440,Not Recommended,224440,21735898,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Krable,"I bought this game 3 years ago because i thought it sounded promissing. Now 3 years later and almost nothing has been added to the game. I am not even sure they are planning on finishing the game. I urge everyone to stay away from this game, it is NOT worth buying. The idea behind the game is nice, but so poorly executed, and its almost not even playable. Dont waste your money on this!!"
,Recommended,224440,25485021,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Captain Katz,"Love it so far, but it could definitely use some roads to make the town look a bit more organized."
76561198025194744,Recommended,224440,9376184,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,"Bangarang, Rufio!",The parts that are there are enjoyable enough if you like city-building games like Age of Empires.  Rather limited story but it is still in early alpha so that's understandable.
76561198072839047,Not Recommended,224440,30413181,Posted: 9 March,all,Holy Potato,"can i have a refund please.i was hoping the game will get better with time, but after 1 year of waiting the game still sucks for me.edit: sorry i meant after 4 years i bought in 2013 and still only played it 6 hours pls."
,Recommended,224440,19772347,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,AsaOfHearts,"It's been a long road, and i do mean long. Through the 2 and a half years (yes you read that correctly) i have owned this game I have checked in on it. I have wantred a game like this for a long time and they are doing it. It is a small team of develoeprs but they are committed to this project. If you have always wanted an RPG/City Builder/Stradegy game and are willing to wait for it then YES! buy it. if not, wait for the release. I for one Like this game and concept and will support it all the way.If you are not willing to wait and don't like other Early Access games stay away. Just pick it up when it truly releases!"
76561198072391187,Recommended,224440,9742927,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,D_Mac,Superb comedy great gameplay an masive potential
,Recommended,224440,13796239,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Deathaura123,"DON'T BE FOOLED BY THE RATING!Most of the poor ratings are from the early , early stages since release and the game has come a long way since then.If you scroll down you will see that everyone who has played Folk Tale recently would reccomend it!Folk tale is a unique game that incorporates RTS , RPG , and city building together. Despite currently being in early developement , it is actually quite amazing and you will get at least 10 hours in its current state. However i felt that what's as great as the game , is the developement team. Every week the developers release updates to the game and keep us informed on how the game progresses with Blog , Videos and streams. I have to admit that when i first brought the game , there was little content other than the tutorial but in a few short months , it has become one of my most aniticipated games for this year. I highly reccomend you give this game a chance and help these great new developers!"
76561198002783252,Not Recommended,224440,24541965,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Crimson Tigre,"Now I loved the premise of the game, when I first bought Folk's Tale it promised to be something completely different to what's out there...That's it. It's been 3 years and the game still isn't complete with no story to speak of and last time I played it, it was just one big tutorial. A complete waste of time and money. I'm sure the developer had the best intentions but so did I when I went to Uni. I said i'd revise every day and not go and drink at everyplace i could until I forgot my name and lost my dignity.. but I did....There's plenty of early access titles out there which promise similar things but i'd purchase those over Folk's Tale. It seems like it will nebver be finished unless one of the big boys picks it up and pumps in the $er....."
76561198056390914,Not Recommended,224440,11406279,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Bach2Bach,"At this time I cant recomend this game, to many features promised are not implemented, and it looks as though it will take a while. For a 'sandbox' game it does not yet have a sandbox mode and the only game mode you can play gets boring quickly when you realise you cant put random peasants in the stocks. If you are interested in a game like this go and get something like banished, but if you can wait follow this and join the rest of us hoping the devs will live up to their word."
76561197994334805,Recommended,224440,24359484,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Scallywanker,"Tl;dr version: Buy it if you are fine with it being Early Access for awhile, or if you want to get involved in the building/scripting tools. If you aren't cool with that, don't buy it or at least don't trash it when you knew what you were buying.Folk Tale has popped up as a recommended game for a long time. I really liked the art style, which reminded me of Kingdoms of Amalur, The gameplay leans more towards guiding a hero around and city building than the unit/tactic juggling of RTS games. I held off buying it because of the negative reviews, but over the past few years, those reviews have gotten progressively better. The biggest complaints seem to be that it is very much an Alpha build, and that the Devs don't just finish it, already.I took the plunge and played it during an open weekend and enjoyed what little there was to it at the time. I liked it enough to buy it after reading that this wasn't abandonware and that the Devs were releasing updates every week or so. Sure enough, the Experimental Builds are making a steady, if slow, march to a whole, satisfying game. The changes are enough that I check back in every few months, and the gameplay feels better and better. There's still some long-standing issues (ale, firewood, clothing) if you overbuild too fast, but the Devs have addressed other, more pressing issues."
,Recommended,224440,10088917,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Regicide Kingslayer,"The concept is amazing and in depth, where every little unit in a rts/city builder has a persona and inventory, ect. However, since it is in early dev, i'd say get it later since it has been so choppy, its unplayable"
76561198145146697,Recommended,224440,23513515,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,ADcrafter,"This game has been in Early Acess for a long time, and the development is very slow.But.This game not only has a great potential because of it`s rather original idea (a RPG and city management mix), but i`ve noticed a lot of good things in this gameFirst of all, there are many different models for the villagers (and i think you can create more?), and knowing the amount of roles in this game, each one providing different outfits for the villagers, is very impressive. It helps showing that even though the developers are slow, if they continue like this, this game will be very detailed and diversified.But when it comes into the gameplay, it`s not really great. It`s everything but begginer friendly, and you will have to do a few tries to make your town survive.The game also appears to have a lot of depth, but it`s unlikely that you will see all of it. not because there`s loads of it, like The Binding of Isaac, but because a lot of things arent implemented and the things that are are sometimes only possible to get in certain levels/modes or using cheats. Pretty annoying if you ask me.The soundtrack is something in between alright and good. it`s not bad, but it isnt something you will remember.Overall, i recommend it, but if you have other options, i`d sugest you to wait until the game is more developed(Although i wouldnt count on that. 3 years have passed already)"
76561197970379595,Not Recommended,224440,31328454,Posted: 23 April,all,Kruler,"The year is now 2067 the Dervs great grandchildren today issue apatch to the still Alpha Folk Tale, they make a statement that the game is going great and can you still do raving reviews because you know Booo Hoooo daddy needs new shoes.This game encapulsates why I dont do Early access purchases any more......Please do not buy this game till it releases, which should be in about 150 years time."
76561197992917220,Recommended,224440,17277786,"Posted: 28 July, 2015",all,Rezler,"I bought this game because I loved what it showed and I am impressed so far. It keeps impressing me with its wit and its mechanics. While some things still need to be implimented and improved since I bought it I have seen updates that have made it better. Early access is true but the game isn't like other titles where it is broken and buggy, it has yet to crash or freak out on me, it is more stable then some full games. I would reccomend it, if you like games like Tropico and Age of Empires or any RTS city builder then I would give this game a try. 8.5/10"
76561198040548378,Not Recommended,224440,32861808,Posted: 27 June,all,Nighthaze,"I bought this game in 2013 but sadly it's an entirely different game now as what i purchased back then. I think it's strange that developers get away with these massive changes on steam, let alone the 4years of early acces.Apperantly the developers did this more then once, so i've read. I would not recommend anyone buying this game. And if the other reviews are right i would not recommend buying a game of this developer again."
76561198007194162,Recommended,224440,14361270,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,mrus3662,"Just a very brief review.The game in general is progressing nicely, with an excellent citybuilding element already present. The second component of the game, the RPG element, is in its early stages of implementation. So expect to see more on this soon! From what I've seen so far, and what is to come, I would recommend purchesing this game!Rather than discuss the positive aspects of the game, as many have already done, the thing I'm mainly overwhelmingly happy about is the engagement with the player and supporter base. Monthly patches, twitch streams, regular blog updates and just prompt and effective communication on the forum are just some examples. On that note alone, if you are into the citybuilding/RPG genre of games and crave involvement with the creative process (mainly through feedback), I strongly recommend this game.All in all, this has been the best experience I have had from an early access game!"
76561198098777127,Recommended,224440,20132004,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Plunkz,"Well done indeed. The makings of a masterpiece. I tried this 2 years ago and it was basically unplayable. Not anymore, if you like sandbox and city/village building and management....get it. Almost everything has been upgraded and/or improved."
,Recommended,224440,14696074,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,evilhippy,"I have never really cared enough to post a review of a game, this is my first. It bothers me that people give this game poor reviews. It's an Early Access game!! There will be bugs! I'm sorry, but you're an idiot if you purchase an Early Access game and expect it to run perfectly.First and foremost, Folk Tale is (and will be) brilliant! It is exactly what I've been wishing for in a game. At the moment it's more or less just a city builder like Banished, except it will be so very much more when complete.The realm is rich with detail, the humor edgy. It's been fun to watch this game come to life throughout the entire process. This game has so much potential it's hard to be patient while waiting for it to be complete. I've been hooked since I first purchased it, which was BEFORE any save was available.The developers are much more transparent than any other EA games I have purchased, keeping us up to date on what is on task, sharing artwork for new features/characters/buildings etc that will be implemented in future patches. I don't know what the final price will be upon completion but I've definitely gotten my money's worth out of what exists right now.If you're considering this game, ignore the haters. Most didn't even take the time to read the discussions or the Folk Tale blog. If they had, they woudln't have been wanking about half of the things they were."
76561198047661046,Recommended,224440,12970567,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Tommy,"The game is Brill. Recently the patches have been full of much more playable content, and i'd advise anyone who was put off previously because the lack of content, to have another look. Watch the Dev Blogs/Hangouts to get up to date with the game progress. Alternatively, check out the road map on the official website.http://www.gamesfoundry.com/roadmap.aspx"
76561198319844992,Recommended,224440,25084338,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Jangobetts,"Games is a good mash up of City building and RPG' games.This is a great idea for a video game, and I've long awaited something like this.Worth your money and time.+Fully voiced Dialog with good acting+Can Customize Heros+Build settlements, manage economy.+Can easily place buildings+Funny dialoge+Game has humor"
76561198030764449,Recommended,224440,23608907,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Kilaelya,"There are very few games like this anymore. A mix of RPG and city builder (like Spellforce or Warcraft) that I wish there were more of. So, if you desparately miss those types of game this is worth a go.However, the sandbox mode is not currently what I'd consider true sandbox (the three maps are pre-determined, never change, aren't procedurally generated). Also, many production chains don't exist (just place holders). You quickly reach the end of what you can build within a few hours. The campaign is in rough shape with plenty of bugs and is only partially completed. In current state the amount of play time you'll get will be limited.I hope that development continues/picks up so this game can fill this game genre gap."
76561197998762125,Not Recommended,224440,22082630,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Eastrid,"I gave this game a thumbs up when I first bought it in 2013 I believe it was. After all that time they have only added two story line quest. There is a lot of hot fixs, but the game was never really that broken that they needed to fix problems with the game over finishing the story line of the game. The sand box mode is also fun but the map is small so again there is so much to do till you are bored again.Until this game gets finished or they lower the price of the game I won't give it a thumbs up."
76561198059366291,Recommended,224440,13074504,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,txfirefighter1,For starters the game is in early access (EA) and therefore has what all EA games have. Broken mechanics or balance that simply isn't implemented yet. I have never programed but I know as with any project development takes time.I bought Folk Tale after watching the videos on youtube that the lead programmer as uploaded. There is a lot that is not in the game at this time but you get a great idea of what the game will have in the future. This is a massive project that can (and will) have major success.EA means you can over look those blemishes and enjoy an evolving work that will have ups and downs. I support them and suggest you to do the same.
,Recommended,224440,13109460,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Wee-Free-Man,"I've been following the development of this game more or less closely and I am impressed - not only with the progress gamesfoundry made but also with the courage with which they took on the challenge to transform the early average concept into a sandbox game highly demanded by the community.Of course this is a rocky and never straight path, but seeing what they have achieved in the last year I am confident this will be one gem of game once it is finished, which it isn't yet and most likely will not be for some time.One has to understand, that this is a huge undertaking for such a small company. So I fyou expect something playable and want to start building your little own world right now, I suggest you wait and watch a bit longer.However if you want to be part of the process and you know what developing games is about, I really recommend diving into it: the editor, the sandbox player and the community. Give your feedback and help making this project a success. Given the very moderate pricetag this is almost no risk compared to prepurchasing one of the much more expensive Titles that don't give a wellyouknow about how you want to play a game.I'm not in anyway related to the gamesfoundry. I just bought this a while ago and I love watching the progress."
76561198065292893,Recommended,224440,15727012,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Onde_Bent,"I really enjoy this game.It combines some of my favorite gaming genres and elements - a singleplayer citybuilder game with crafting and economy combined with exploration with leveling up characters and looting stuff.The game has been on early acces for years, and it does not look as if it's going to be 100 % done anytime soon. However, the community is very active, and there is a good comunication between the users and the dev-team. The game includes a map-editor with all the features that the dev-team uses to make the campaign. As a result, there are several usermade maps and even campaigns in the workshop. Some of these includes long questlines and even homemade voiceacting.So, while this game has a long way to go, I think it is a great game and if you enjoy citybuilder games and loot'n level-games like me, I think this game will be worth your time. I really look forward to any further development :)Cheers"
,Recommended,224440,6700958,"Posted: 31 May, 2013",all,Dr. Mantis Toboggan,"A lot of potential, very enjoyable take on city building genre with a nice blend of RPG elements."
,Recommended,224440,19780261,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,ThePugKing,"Don't let the mixed reviews stop you from purchasing this gem of a game! When I purchased this game, About 2 years ago, The game showed a Lot of potential, The game had great graphics and a good feel to it, Since then the game has been updated a Significant amount and now it looks even better than before! The storyline in the campaign is getting  on greatly and the recent updates make the game even more playable, The resource managment + Ciry building aspecs and loot collecting add a Sim City / Diablo feel to the game which personally I feel is amazing, The merging off the two genres gives the game something very special! I'm happy to see the devs are releasing updates frequently and are making every effort to improve how the game runs!So far, Considering the game is in early access, already feels like a work of art! I'f you're having any doubts about this game then be sure to read the reviews From after the biggest, Most recent updates!"
76561198045376060,Recommended,224440,14184100,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,ХУЛИ ПЯЛИШЬ ПАДЛА,"Great game, however I feel like It should be known the game does not have a save feature yet. had I known this I would have delayed my purchase. It's a sad thing to see a city you've spent 5 hours on disappear"
,Recommended,224440,8304843,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,LadyAth,"This game is showing great potential, but still in early days.  Hopefully it lives up to expectations!  :)"
,Recommended,224440,8427579,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Pacmunchiez,"this game has so much potential, can't wait to see sandbox mode in full swing ^_^ RTS lovers keep and eye on this one!"
,Recommended,224440,26519490,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,ClusterFlux,"*Review in progress until 1.0.*It's as if The Sims had a baby with Fable, and, didn't neglect it.______+ Game is well priced, and consistently updated.+ The Village building is coming along great.+ Character design is colourful and, the world is vibrantly fun to play in.+ Resource managment is more straightforward, not slowing down the game anymore.______- Arbalests on walls are able to pick enemies off with no aggro, they just stand there till dead.- Enemy AI needs a difficulty bump all around."
76561197981052240,Recommended,224440,14320747,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,*****,"Realy liking the sandbox mode.  Even though I can't save my game, I just ""wasted"" five hours playing this game.  I need the woodcutters to be able to reseed the woods, though.  Other than that.  This is going to be a great game!  I can see the potential AND I can see that the developers have REALIZED the potential by placing ""placeholders"" for the things that will be added."
,Not Recommended,224440,10475806,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Yesaja,"Once upon a time, there was... a game, which stood in the Alpha-status for far too long regarding its reputation.I'm really conflicted about Folk Tale, to be honest. I bought it right after its release on Steam to support the development, because - as I thought - it handled a niche with a lot of potential. I played the tutorial, participated in a vote about what monsters are to be implemented (sadly, my nagas and lamias didn't make it) and regulary read the development blog. But this is about an honest review, about the question if (and if or if not, why) I'd recommend this game: The answer, at the current state, would be no.Many people here noted the time-span, in which Folk Tale has been... well, ""released"" on Steam and this is fairly a good point. But I'm not concerned about the actual release of the Sandbox mode, but rather about the support AFTER it's release and the frequency of implenetation regarding new ideas. Take the example from above: When do I get the chance to play Nagas and Lamias, actually? Will there be any chance? Will there be another game after Folk Tale (a question, none developer could answer honestly, at that point, no offense) and if so, what happens to this one?At the moment, Folk Tale is just neither red nor blue. There are a lot of promises, only a few backed up by ingame content. And such, there has been no reason for an investor, to trust in this product (as said, at the moment). If - and only if - there will be a full playable sandbox mode (which isn't buggy as hell with enough ""managing a whole fantasy town in a strange world""-atmoshpere), you should definetly check this out.Until then, keep your hands by your money and wait, as those do, who have spend their money."
76561198063453378,Recommended,224440,14737344,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Dampfbert,"This game is a hallmark of what gaming should be.Not because the game is beautiful (which it is), or funny (which it is), or has engaging gameplay, depth and charme (which it does). The true strength of this title, that sets it apart of the rest, is the developer.I have never (and might never again) spend money on an unfinished title, but this time I had to do it, simply because the developer is in constant, open, honest and fair contact with everyone who wishes to engage them. They treat people like humans, not wallets. Every week, the boss himself (whom we all who usually tune in just call Simon) streams for hours, talking with viewers about the game, taking suggestions and criticism, offering insight in their vision, or just chatting about kinds of toast.As you can tell, I WANT this title to succeed. It's an ambitious, inspired work by ambitious, likeable people.If you don't believe me, do yourself a favor and come by the streams or write in the forums sometime, and see for yourself.As for the actual content ingame, it has grown tremendously in the last months. I won't go into too much detail as the game is A. still in Early Acces and stuff will evolve and B. because you can read all about that on their homepage anyway.As jaded and critical as I am, I believe in the end product of Folk Tale.TLDR: The negative reviews on here are outdated and misguided, the game is alot of fun and has an awesome, unique charme, and the developer is absolutely worth supporting."
,Recommended,224440,13296113,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Ragnar *H_H*,"My play hours on this game do not reflect how much time I've put into this game. Living in an EXTREMELY rural area, I lose internet often and Steam tends to not recognize how much time I've been on this game.Anyway, I've had this game since a few months after it was released on Early Access, and I only have one thing to say about this game. SUPPORT IT!!There are mixed reviews and I don't know why. After seeing so many Abandon Ware game from EA, I adore these devs. All they have done is listened to their players and upped their game every-single-time. If you don't agree, go to their dang website and see how much they do. Look on the forums here to see how often you can get a response from them. This game will truly be amazing when it is complete.To keep this review from being pages long, I'll simply say this. This game in INCOMPLETE (Durr), but continually gets better. IT IS WORTH THE MONEY, because the price will only go up as it gets better. Buy now, support devs who care more about you than about pre-sales and enjoy watching a game as it develops; especially getting to be a part of having a voice in the development of this game.I definantly recommend this game to any and all."
76561197981330540,Recommended,224440,15013424,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Jonathan,"I've had this game on wishlist for over a year.  Back then, I was reading overall negative comments.But also taking in consideration the huge potential and the fact it was in Alpha, I kept it on wishlist.A while ago, there was a discount.  I bough it since comments were taking a more positive turn.  Game was..... hum.... unclear.  Clearly unfinished.  Could barelly figure out... anything !  But looked and felt smooth and ""in-line"" to something GREAT.Triied it again, recently.  And the development is moving forward greatly and the game is taking shape.Up to this point, it really feels like it is in the good direction to reach its full potential.  The game is currently playable, but clearly lacks a lot of features and has almost no ""tooltip/hints/help"" yet.  This is not negative.  It's just a side-effect of ""not being ready"".  Things could still change so why make a full help/guide just yet, right ?   So if you ""try"" this game while in beta, keep in mind it's not completed...As of right now, I am really excited with what I have seen and with the way developpers do their work (their web site gives a lot of infos).Can't wait to see the final result."
,Recommended,224440,20311839,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,[11B] Seraph702,"Folk Tale is a GREAT GAME. How can I justify a 24.99 dollar alpha not a beta an ALPHA? Well being a realist im investing in this games development and I am having a great time, Seeing Games Foundry's Roadmap has showed me of a 30 Dollar game in the near future and I am just stoked to see this game come to Launch. There is a lot to do yet but, its gonna totally be worth it.I read on the Dev's blog that a lot of the negative score on this game was do to it being released into early access to early, haha, So with that said they have ""trashed"" systems that were not working and implemented user suggestions, I can honestly say that this game is totally worth it.Thank You Games Foundry, for coming up with a great game, It took me a while to figure the systems out, But I do love a challenge."
,Not Recommended,224440,32842000,Posted: 26 June,all,Palmtop,"All I have to say is that it's been years since this has hit early access and it hasn't moved along in development much, and when it did move, it moved in such a different direction that when I looked at it recently after having forgotten about it, I barely, if at all recognized this game.Very disappointed and wish I could get my money back."
76561197975112063,Recommended,224440,13233272,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,SirAxel,This game is  shaping up to become just what i wanted from the start! i would recommend anyone that likes sandbox RTS games to support them. Cant wait for the full game!
76561198027037217,Recommended,224440,10435497,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,hnmitch,It seems to me a lot of the negative reviews posted here are from people who are misinformed or just plain impatient. The devs of this game asked the community about a year ago if they preferred a sandbox or campaign mode. Most of the community chose sandbox so the entire game has been re-written the last year to acomplish that. We were told it would take awhile and now the foundation is complete so there will be updates more regularly. How many game developers do you know that will re-write the programming on a game they are developing to meet the wants of the community?  The devs of this game stay in constant contact with us on the forums and have not once failed to meet a promise they have made. Developement was slow at first but now is speeding up since the foundation is complete. This game IS worth your time and money. While its not near completion just yet it is getting there at a steady pace now. I personally have bought games on steam that the devs don't keep the community updated or leave the game broken and basically give up. If your one of those players who have had a similar experience  I can asure you that this game is different.In fact I can promise you this is the most active development team I have ever seen in an early access game. Please Help support Games Foundry and buy this game. It will be an investment well spent.
76561198010391977,Recommended,224440,9739631,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,donovangesting,"So far great game, just get a sandbox and ill be super happy"
76561198141762054,Recommended,224440,13181055,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Hutchie2112,"This is an incredible game, mixture of all sorts of genres, with the most interactive lead developer ever.Regular streams on map design etc. on Twitch, and Sunday dev hangout interactive chat.Constantly being updated and well worth the pittance they are charging"
76561198093164622,Not Recommended,224440,22913945,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,Pugna's Big Day Out,"Folk Tale takes many great elements from other games (Warcraft, Stronghold, etc) but does not improve them or bring anything fresh to the table.I purchased Folk Tale when it was barely playable, and after several year it is still very lackluster and mechanically weak.  I still have high hopes, and I would love to recommend this game, but for now it's got a long way to go."
,Recommended,224440,21986556,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,Doomeetrue,"Got the game today, have been keeping it on my Wishlist for over a year.Haven't watched much before, didn't know too much about it at the moment of purchase.In short, if you like the Settlers franchise then this game wants to be in a similar category. Of course with some Warcraft (not World of Warcraft) RTS elements, such as champions, fighting, loot, etc.But the ""economy"" is similar to what Settlers is.PROs:- Inspired by Settlers (probably)- Smooth building mode- Interesting ""tree"" of buildings and upgrades- The start phase of a new game is much more enjoyable than it looks like.CONs:- Sandbox has 3 levels of difficulty, one map per difficulty, so only 3 maps. You can't just start a game with a different layout and try to build it out. You always know the exact starting location. That's boring. Personally I think that a simulator like this needs a random map generator.- In Sandbox mode you need about ~30-45 minutes to have all the buildings and some of the important upgrades. After that there's not much to do.- Some people complain about the rate of updates.I have 5.6 hours on this, that's 2 sandbox games (unfinished, there are no victory conditions).Was it enjoyable? Yes.Does the game feel like a good product? Yes.Does it have great potential? Yes.Would I recommend buying it now? No."
76561197970700096,Recommended,224440,14353997,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Pokletu,"They've still got a ways to go in development, but the game is GORGEOUS.  I guess you have to like the lighthearted style; but for me, it's actually the game I've always dreamed of!Cartoony; humorous; deep citybuilding economy; full freedom of camera(you can look up at the horizon); full micro of each and every one of your citizen's gear/posessions; non-instant building placement; pre-gunpowder-tech combat; huge(ish) environments; a campaign story with character role-play elements; Eyefinity friendliness; I could keep going.  I LOVE THIS GAME!If you're a conservative buyer, at least track it's development; as there isn't MUCH gameplay yet; but with every patch(roughly monthly), they add a little more to the economic chain, and there is combat and level editing coming along nicely, also.Every(?) Sunday the main dev gets on twitch to show off the progress they're making that week, and just hang out with the fans.  This is one of the games that truly show that the publisher model is being pushed aside, and we're really starting to see a true renaissance in gaming.  If that's your bag, pick this game up only to help assure this funding model stays around; and let this game see the light of day.TLDR:  Buy it.  It's good."
76561198008929248,Recommended,224440,13444912,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Degenerate702,"Let's start with stating the obvious...this is an alpha. As saying that it is the best alpha I have played. The game doesn't have many features but you can see where the game is going and that the devs have great plans for it. I highly suggest buying the alpha despite it's not being ready, because it will go towards supporting an indie company with big dreams.To the devs,Great game I wish you luck."
76561198138220803,Recommended,224440,14816878,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,lilybloom17,"I come back to this game more often then any other game- I really like it, and it keeps getting better and better- many updates- Dev's have stayed with costumer's the whole time' and they even emailed me when I failed to read the update information- which is really nice- it was my fault cause I didn't know I could chop my own wood, eat berries it pays to read instructions- I think this is my favorite game and I remodled and played hours in the editor, making roads and deleting roads its simple to use.  I have changed bridges from flat to bridges with rails, I remade all my peoples with firey red hair,I put berries around the water fences rockeries.I wish sandbox army training was similar to the game, I believe this will be coming soon. I have enjoyed this game so much, I love the cute little houses- the artwork is beautiful designed. The Dev's are helpful and with the game always- this really shows that they are always completing more and more- its a village of adorable little peoples and can design and place things anywhere I want-  in the sandbox mode. I am looking forward to a new Ice world, and I love this sunny world the very most. I have had many games in early access and none have been so involved as Folk Tales or updated as often. This game is loved and cared about and alot of passion and time has been given to this game."
76561197991246612,Not Recommended,224440,30156086,Posted: 24 February,all,AssaultPenguin,"This game has been early access for a long time, yet it seems like half the functions are still ""not implemented.""  Looks pretty, good tutorial, but not sufficiently complete to warrant playing."
,Recommended,224440,7882429,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,SscoootzZ,"So far, I've enjoyed the couple of forays into the Folk Tale world. I like the concept and the early gameplay is acceptable, for the most part. There were some continuity issues, IMHO, in the early releases that kept me from reloading the game for a bit. I've read the dev blogs and see that there are some improvements that truly sound interesting. I'm looking forward to having a bit of time to check out the updated version. I also anticipate future development for this game. I definitely recommend giving it a try, especially since the Steam Autumn Sale is offering a premium price. Buy in and support this team! ~:sDs:~"
76561198003972292,Recommended,224440,10320330,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Braindrain555,"Extremely fun for what it is at the moment, a village builder with a good sense of humor. Obviuously runs a bit rocky, but atmospheric and engaging. Recommended."
76561197984926959,Recommended,224440,17447502,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Dr. S,"Cool consept but very slow development.Check back in a year and there might acually be enough content to be worth playing.Update 9/8-15There is much more to do ingame now. They have added many new features since I last played, and I'm looking forward to acually playing the game, and (hopefully) see more big updates soon."
76561198030978257,Not Recommended,224440,31027684,Posted: 8 April,all,FartherSkies,"I would like to recommend this game for the Steam Awards, Longest Game in Early Access"
76561198006884041,Recommended,224440,9368799,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,velasquez_lucas,"Lots of fun, however I have to agree with most people.  I have had this game for awhile now and nothing new seems to have been added.  I would wait until they are at least 50 percent done to get early access."
76561198026450599,Not Recommended,224440,33390278,Posted: 8 July,all,Sarversauce,"I bought this game sometime within the last 18 months? I can't remember.I got refunded. It's pretty terrible.It's very clunky and wonky. However, there was an update since then and it does look slightly better, as it crashed on the the first time I started up, that's about all I can remember about it, other than fumbling around with what SHOULD have been intuitive controls and mechanics. It feels like the Devs spent too much time on Visuals, rather than mechanics, and Feature Creep got to them.  (Apparently they don't know what Agile is...)  I had it on my wish list for a while. I jumped in despite the then, Mixed reviews.I will say this, the concept is fantastic. Anyone who likes City Builders with an RPG feel to it would want this game based on it's Idea, however, the current state of the game is overly disappointing.  Looks cool though, that's for sure.To add, the Developers have blamed the community here for the game failing.  I'm not going to fund anyone with that misperception.As I said in another reivew, ""Games don't suck because of the reviews, games suck because that's how they're made.""After I got refunded I said then that I'd return to this game when it was finished. Apparently it's been ""Early Release"" for 4 years now.I've lost faith in this ever getting to ""Done"", or finished.Skip this title and go directly to Northgard. It's well worth the money, especially for an Early Release game."
76561197996464882,Not Recommended,224440,35127309,Posted: 22 September,all,eckithebull,"No information from the developers. I had great hope, because the Game got Updates and developed over time, since i gave it a chance years before. It was fun. But now - Homepage of the Creators says ""Tactical Pause"". Nothing more. I feel like f****d up the a**!!! Ok, that's the risc buying Early Access Games but THIS is a crime in every country. HEY!! STEAM!!! Think of changing your bussiness rules for such people! Or bring before a court! May be a warning for traitors like this kind of people!"
76561198003219881,Recommended,224440,18343692,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,Haniel,"I first purchased this game as ""early access"" in the VERY early days of it's availability, and quickly ran out of things to do. In fact, I used it as an example to others for why not to buy in to early access games.  After recently DL'ing it to check out how far it had come I was very pleasantly surprised.While the team behind it is obviously very small, and still has a ways to go before a full launch, the game is already very fun and has all the elements it needs to be an extremely well received title.  *When* it's finished, I'll definitely be recommending it to my friends who enjoy RTS/city-building games.I see that the reviews are showing up as 'mixed' and I can only assume that most of the negative reviews are from the early era where (like me) they were dissapointed at how little content/progress existed for the price asked.  I hope those people give the game another shot, as I have."
,Not Recommended,224440,15849433,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,misguidedgh0st,"TL;DR: Followed game since before release and through patches since release. Very disappointed; game is incomplete.I purchased this game on the day of release; I followed it before it was even released on Early Access on Steam. Since then, I have kept my eye on the game as it rotted away in my Steam library. As a gamer who grew up on RTS, RPG, and Simulators, this game should be everything I desire in a game. It has so much potential; it breaks my heart in its current state. Yes, this game is beautiful. Yes, this game has endless character. But it is so very incomplete. It's early access, but that is no excuse. It has been almost two years now since release. We deserve more from this game. I would hate to see this game wind up alongside games like DayZ, known for sucking consumers in during Early Access and then providing a flop of a game. I cannot recommend this game, as much as I'd love to. If things improve, I will gladly and wholeheartedly change my review, but until then, it's a thumbs-down from me.Edit #1 (Aug. 29, 2016)I've given this game a bit more time to develop. The new campaign seems to be developing a feel similar to the classic Warcraft III, but with a good sense of humor. The characters are funny, with some references here and there. I can see a good story developing from this. Unfortunately, everything still feels clunky, even after so long. The music score is good, as are the voices and the writing. The gameplay itself is lackluster. Many features are simply unavailable, and the core gameplay leaves a lot to be desired. If combat is going to become key to the game, more combat-capable units are needed. The first part of the campaign pits your hero and some militia up against units that are far superior and will simply crush you, leaving your hero dead over and over again. The building ideas are good, and seem functional, so not much to discuss there. I'd like to see a few more facets to flesh the game out, and I know the sandbox mode definitely needs more work. I'll keep checking back every once and awhile to see where things go, but I cannot change my recommendation at this point."
,Recommended,224440,15821911,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,jacooGamer,"I purchased this game in May 2015, and have followed its progress each week. This is an updated review from the one I wrote shortly after that.One thing I must say: The development progresses constantly, with what appears to be a goal of polishing as it gets done. Nice work!Positive- It has a full editor to make lots of worlds, and dungeons that you can play in, or share online for others to play too!- There are 100's of free items to build with to make amazing looking worlds or dungeons- The game looks really polished and reminds me of Fable, with its hand painted artwork approach- If you play the tutorial, it is like a 3D version of a city management game, with crafting and building upgrades etc- You can move the camera anywhere in 3D, even following the peasants and workers around the village.- The game has been balanced, and is enjoyable to play.Negative- There is steady progress in the development, but it might appear that features are not moving along in strides.SummaryBuy the game. I did. Why? To give this producer/coder, and his army of artists and other helpers, a bit of cash to hopefully in some years, get to a point beyond alpha. He has a great idea, and the helpers are doing what they can to support him. With a bit more cash, they might succeed and I really hope they do.Also, if you buy the game, you get the sandbox tools (which is built into the game) for free, with 100s of items to build with and decorate your dungeons or landscapes. There is also an included visual script tool to make spawns, and quests and NPC dialogues. Its like a free game maker even inside this game!"
,Not Recommended,224440,28229363,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Hox,"I look forward to the development of this game being completed. I will edit my review if/when that happens.EDIT: The developer of Folk Tale commented on my review suggesting the experimental build. Allow me to elaborate the reason for my review.I liked the concept of the game when it was on Greenlight over 3 years ago. Your optomistic imagination of a thing will usually outshine the actual finished product. So, I voted for it on Greenlight.After it came to Early Access, I watched it for another year. Development appeared to be stalled at one point, then regular updates resumed. I purchased the game during a sale, anticipating a steady update cycle to release.A year and a half has passed since that time. According to the production schedule on the developer's website, the majority of listed items in future versions are already completed. Perhaps the game will reach 1.0 fairly quickly, and will actually release in 2017.But the game is currently missing basic featuresEDIT: List of missing basic features (not including factions and maps, which are not part of the basic game mechanics)- Mechanics: Unhappiness, Anger And Revolt- Buildings: Carpenter’s and Carpenter- Buildings: Crooked Cauldron and Witches/Warlocks- Buildings: Jeweller’s and Jeweller profession- Buildings: RoadsI do not want to play it as an unfinished game. For this reason, I DO NOT recommend it to any other customers."
76561197982444372,Recommended,224440,14601028,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,̿̕̚̕̚͡ ۥ,This game has SO MUCH POTENTIAL. I can't wait until it is finished!
76561198042883662,Recommended,224440,14390095,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Halcyon,"Started playing this in 2013 and even back then it was fun. Now with the last patch in Jan 2015, this game has come a long way. Get this and support the devs. The negative reviews are from kids with too much time on their hands and think an epic game just pops in place. Even Blizzards last WoW Expansion took a couple of years and look at their team. If you follow Folk Tales Facebook page, you will see its a very small team. They are doing a GREAT job and coming along well. Get this and support them."
,Recommended,224440,10630680,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,ZPaladinGaming,This game is still in development and I REALLY cannot wait until it is completed. Very good gameplay so far! Keep up the good work!
,Recommended,224440,12977123,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,AVissie,"Even though Folk Tale is in Early Access, It shows a lot of promise. Combining three genres, City building, RTS and RPG, placed in a medieval/fantasy setting, there is something for everyone. Content is always added to improve gameplay through patches, so that players always have something to do. Again this is not the finished game yet so the game will improve."
76561198024918909,Recommended,224440,14718075,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Jesse,"0.2.14 finally means I can play this game on my Mac and let me just say: AWESOME! I'm very pleased with how things are going -- I think they're doing stuff up a little complciated to start but at the same time, I like games with lots of economy building (think Settlers) so this should be great. Love the humor as well."
76561197976606342,Not Recommended,224440,9106367,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Sannas,"If this is the first Early Access game you are thinking of spending your money on then I advise you don't. As others have mentioned this has been on release now since May 2013 and nothing has made it to alpha testing with the community in regards to game content. The playable content that exists will not exist in the final release as its a tutorial for the campaign based game which is not being built. So the videos and the screen shots above do not represent this game. The developers have said that the content in the tutorial will be stripped out and some parts maybe used. So please don't be fooled. All that players can participate in is a vision of what sandbox will be, but you can do that for free anyway ;)"
76561198100994532,Recommended,224440,9624414,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Angelus Wallace,"Hello! In Early Access tab... what do you think you going to find?of course its in Alpha development but it has nice graphics, cool humor, camera mode works great, excellent playability...Cons...Just a few months ago you can Save/load the game, they need to give sense of game looting...So, give it some time, let this guys work and expect a great game in a few months."
,Not Recommended,224440,21939627,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,ZachMTG,"Still far from a finished game, the little time I have invested ( I have more offline ) and I have done all there is to do in this game. Wait until it is finished, if it ever is, to buy."
76561198055410214,Recommended,224440,18746425,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Gullyking,"I want to take a moment to comment on 'Folk Tale'.  I have been watching since it first appeared and became extremely interested in it after watching some videos and visiting the developers' website.  I wrote a comment before I purchased the game and then waited til it was playable to buy it.Folk Tale is an immersive City Builder type game,  but with a twist of RPG and some of the real-time civ games I've played.  I really like the game overall.  It has great graphics (which are not my main point of interest), a deep building system and plenty to do while you're waiting on new villagers to arrive.  You can craft, battle, follow a guy or gal around and watch them work, lash the workers into a working frenzy, and even research upgrades on each of the buildings you've created.I cannot end this comment, however, without bringing to attention a few bugs I noticed in the most recent update--the experimental build which came out on Saturday.  First off, before this latest version, the battle system worked flawlessly, but now, I notice that not even Sir Gregory can damage the foes (like the goblins outside of the human woodland area or even the bandits at the beginning of the campaign).  This makes the campaign-mode unplayable again and further makes it lose some of its greatness in the sandbox mode.  I would recommend that the developers take the time to fix whatever could be causing the issue at once and then release another update (so I can kill things again!)   Also, the new happiness system is pretty cool.  It is MUCH BETTER than the old repeated warning about food supplies being low and such.  The only thing is, with the happiness system implemented, it is difficult (nearly impossible) to keep folks happy at the beginning of the game.  By the time you build a farm, a fishery and send a person off to gather up berries, the people are already leaving because of low food supplies.  I would say the easiest fix to this problem would be to change the amount of food each villager eats when they are hungry.  I know you can alter the 'rations' meter, but it just isn't enough to keep folks around.  Besides, making them eat less than they want to automatically makes them mad.  I even went as far as to give them extra amounts of firewood to offset the issue, but I could never draw in the new villagers I needed to make the town continue to grow.Anyway, I really love the game and will continue to watch for updates.  You guys are building a dynamic game here.  I know there are nay-sayers, but I think it's coming along well enough and offers quite a bit of humourous detail to offset the small downsides to the project."
76561198007359938,Recommended,224440,9706906,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Irishsaint,I belieive this will be a good game. It just has been released WAY WAY to early. Just wait until buying.
,Recommended,224440,8446820,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Cristiano,"While it is still early and lacking features beyond the tutorial, it has incredible potential. Definitely worth keeping an eye on if you enjoy city building and strategy games. Very charming, great graphics, and a deep planned feature set. It's already incredibly polished. I can't want to see the final game."
,Recommended,224440,10320518,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Arrowkill,"First off let me say that this game is in Early Access and has the potential to change over time from what my review is saying (6/2/2014). This game is by far one of my most highly praised games among all of the ones I own. I personally do not rate games highly unless they either have great potential and are living up to the expectation, or delivered on exactly what I desired and sometimes more. This game while in early form, has a great location editor and sandbox foundation, as well as the development team is transparent with the community giving us updates on the game's status and what we can expect. While many people rated this game down, it has come a long way from what it used to be, with more frequent updates, blogs, and responses to the community. I have never had to wait longer than 3 hours when I posted in the forum asking a question or making some form of a comment. This game has been delivering on everything they promised and continue to listen to the community. I would highly suggest this game if you are even remotely interested by what their vision for the outcome is!"
76561198047901134,Not Recommended,224440,7779799,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,strange builder,the story mode being the only mode you can play is horribly boring from it's hand holding and very slow paced action. it's comedy in a 2 hour campain being all there is to it does not save the game. I would stay away from this tell it is out
76561198025038000,Not Recommended,224440,30858809,Posted: 31 March,all,odomga,"Every year or so I leave another review of this game --or rather, the completely new game the devs have spent the last year on. If they ever followed thorugh with an idea, it would be great, but at the current rate of progress, I can't imagine ever getting to a finished product."
76561198028880857,Recommended,224440,12939649,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,BashiBazouk,Starting to make fantastic progress! Great potential in this game!
76561197993245949,Recommended,224440,14571805,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Maimah,"This is a game for those who are patient. If you have the fortitude to enjoy youself in a world where little minions must do their work before you have the grand prize! (of bread >.>) This is for you! LOL I honestly love this game and for nothing else to click my minions and make them talk they're hysterical I'm sorry.  If you are expecting the uber polished completely done game this isn't for you. If you don't mind a few stumbles and cheering when things get fixed or are updated it it. The game is amazing for what it is, and for what it will be when it's done. Kudos to the devs"
,Not Recommended,224440,8827716,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Hash Pirate,"As the other reviews on this games page, I would absolutely not recommend this game.Also just as the other reviews, I've had this game since it hit steam. All it had then, was a tutorial. Guess what.ALL IT HAS NOW. IS A TUTORIAL. The game was like 20$, and I absolutely can't say I got my money's worth out of it.Please, go spend your hard earn money somewhere it's more deserved. Like Rust or something.As to the devs of this game ; Please pull your heads out of your♥♥♥♥♥♥and get something done."
,Not Recommended,224440,8981138,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Ich Ben Der Schornsteinficker!,"I was about to write a long review about how this game had potential but nothing materialized after 4 years. I will just summarise what I think about the game. Camera angles don't work very wel, the controls for your heroes/peasants are extremely limited, buildings are extremely hard to place as some terrains will bar you from building anything, it gets a little crowded  so buildings cant be built too close to each other. Combat is simple and easy enough but you can't attack en route. I think this time I have given up on this game, 4 years in and still in early access. There should be a timeline how long a game can be on early access before people get their refunds. Not recommended.Review from 5th February 2014I'm a patient person but I've had this game for almost 7 months now. Although, seeing the videos of their progress and blogs on upcoming content, it has taken too long for them to release any of it. I understand it's in Alpha stage but there hasn't been much changes aside from the map editor that I don't use. It's a great game with great potential, I love how they are always communicating with the gamers but they better release something because I didn't pay for a broken unfinished game. Those who want to play this game should wait for the full release (if it ever gets released). Not recommended until the full game is released and playable."
,Not Recommended,224440,8422809,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Khaos,"TL;DR : I would not recommend this game for its low replayability, and painfully slow development speed (alpha for.. 5 years now. What they are doing with the money from sales? definately not hiring developers).Despite the developers campaign to improve its tattered reviews on Steam, they only seem to reply to reviews and havent actually addressed any of the issues, and are now only breaking up patches into smaller segments.The combination of a medieval city-like building game with that of an RPG style is a great and unique spin on the conventional strategy game, introduced by developers who bring a fresh new perspective to the table. With a great genre combination, and an overall awesome concept- the only aspect that truly disapoints is the execution.In its current state, replayability and game functionality are low. The game is quite easy (even on the hardest map) and only takes 2-3 hours to have seen it all. I understand it is in very early development, but the game as remained in an alpha state for years now. The response to it's players complaining of a slow pace was to seemingly split up its patches into smaller patches, all composing of bug fixes.I would like to recommend buying this game to support the development team, but it may just be trying to fuel a fire that has no oxygen left.If you buy this game, don't get me wrong you will have fun for a few hours, but thats it. You still have a ways to go before playing this game with all it's features and content. I'm obviously no game development expert, but I do not at all feel this game will be finished Early or even Mid 2016 (Make me eat my words please!)."
76561198005353312,Not Recommended,224440,7919999,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,lemusis11,"This is my first Early Access game and it will be the last, I bought it around mid Aug of 2013 and so far only minor changes has been made. I played again today before I wrote this and they still had the same bugs on the tutorial (which is only one you can play atm), advisor tells you to right click the villager and its really left click and clicking on your mini map doesn't move you to that location etc. I would recommend this game when it is COMPLETE, but not right now. Reason being too many empty promises, developer's blog (Who cares!) all they are doing is giving false hope. I am not saying the idea and the concept of the game is bad, but its not going any where and I don't think they are going to make any major changes any time soon. If you are reading this and having difficulty making decisions rather to buy or not buy, just ""wishlist"" it and check back on it time to time, check the news, updates and don't bother with the blogs. Hell I can write a blog about how I kick the cat because it left me a nice steamy present inside my shoe."
76561198028265740,Not Recommended,224440,8168595,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Aphire,"After 2.5 years I figured I'd give this game another shot. Old review at bottom.I'm not sure what the developers have been doing for the past years but the changes are very unnoticeable. A boring campaign, generic heros and... the same 3 maps as before. The heros are not customizeable except for gear and become repetative and dull to play very quickly. Building a town is frustrating as most resources do not replenish (or do so at a very slow pace?) so to keep playing in sandbox you have to rebuild your town over and over again until the map is empty. The enemies in sandbox are not challenging and there isn't much replay value in the campaign.Core mechanics are still missing, such as multiple saves that you can name, random map generators for sandbox, and siege. All of the examples were things that were promised to be in development over 2 years ago.Kudos for the game still being developed at all but even in ""Experimental"" the game is light years behind worth recommending except to my worst enemies.Old Review:Horrible early access game. I've had it for half a year and there hasn't been a single PLAYABLE update. While the concept is great and IF it should ever be released it will be a great game. However it should never have gone out to the public in this state. All you get is 1 little tutorial level that is nothing like the games final goal. Not worth paying for at this time."
76561198025802104,Not Recommended,224440,25611578,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Mikey B,"**DO NOT BUY**I purchased this game over two years ago. I was originally supportive of the concept and art work. I played the game for a few hours until I ran into phases of the game that were clearly not fleshed out and so I put it on hold.I was very much looking forward to playing the COMPLETED game.Since my purchase, almost nothing has changed or been added. The only things that are being worked out do not address the fact that the game is not finished. For example, why do we need more monsters if it is almost impossible to have enough resources on the map to have a functioning economy. I highly suggest you make the resources respawn.Now this whole time issue is frustrating, but it sounds like the developer is one guy; therefore, I really shouldn't be so critical. The reason that I am furious and give this a double thumbs down is that now this game wants the players to MOD the game?! Are you serious, we are baically being asked to purchase a video game and then build the levels. This is nonsense and should not be allowed on Steam, but of course, Steam does not care about where their royalty stream comes from. Only that they get a few % off suckers. In conclusion, this game is never going to be even remotely completed.You have been warned.**EditI have recieved numerous messages and threats from people, clearly, affiliated with the development team. GO FIX YOUR GAME and stop harrasing people who feel cheated for purchasing your sub-par product."
76561198060461382,Recommended,224440,14730980,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,williamjdsmith,THIS GAME IS WHAT I HAVE BEEN LOOKING FOR FOR SOOOOO LONG !!!!!!!!!I can’t wait for the new features to come out especially the witches and warlocks I also think it’s really unfair the poor reviews because people can’t wait for the game and enjoy (don’t get early access if you want to finished game) the games graphic quality is amazing if you compare it to banished or most other games like this the story line potential is better I love it and can’t wait to see what happens next with the game  keep up the good work guys :)
76561197986875665,Recommended,224440,10442470,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Fatty,"so good so far, very decent for the stage it's in.only complaint so far is that i cannot train female peasants into guards, cuz patriachy."
,Recommended,224440,19804932,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,turtlex,"Nice game, bought it just today. I havent played a compaign yet, though spent couple of hours in sandbox skirmish - very good design and mechanics, however lots of things to do like goods and crafts parts as I see it now it has many spaces... Will keep playing this game for sure."
76561198029524336,Not Recommended,224440,33835561,Posted: 27 July,all,McJaffa,been in early access for at least 4 years with little or no development.
76561198005305028,Not Recommended,224440,32430172,Posted: 15 June,all,theFatCobra,The game has potential but the development has been uneven through its 4-year development time.At present the developer has gone completely silent shortly after releasing Alpha Patch 30 in March 2017 and any attempts to contact them by the community have failed.The game is currently in limbo. Don't risk it and just wait for the final release if it ever occurs.
76561198049912372,Not Recommended,224440,33359500,Posted: 7 July,all,h8tm3h4rd,This game is like falling in love with a stripper. Hot at the beginning but then you find out she was full of lies and just wanted to take your money.
,Not Recommended,224440,35183049,Posted: 24 September,all,Mr. Bones,Dead game
76561198027959885,Not Recommended,224440,35107345,Posted: 21 September,all,bounty45,"Not sure when I bought it, it was so long ago. Had high hopes, completely let down."
76561198059079135,Not Recommended,224440,33736674,Posted: 22 July,all,Ghoul,Feels like I was scammed at this rate of development.
76561198124958975,Recommended,224440,12962387,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,temmie143,"Been playing the game for over a year and I still love the game, can't even begin to tell you all the diverse game features that are so fun and interesting since there are too many to list. So glad that I bought it."
,Not Recommended,224440,18085791,"Posted: 18 September, 2015",all,JackedUpSailor,"Like many of the review of this game mentions, this game has potential. But as it is now, its crap. Don't bother buying something that doesn't work or in this game's case doesn't end. This game at the moment is like a bike with flat tires. You can keep peddling but you wont get far until the tires are inflated. This game was created for early release on 2013 and with no release date what so ever, has some looked at the calendar? I'm starting to think that this game is just out to get your cash. I don't care if other people likes this game hates my review but this game needs to show some progress. Don't buy it."
,Recommended,224440,20012342,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Svartsjö,"I've been hungering for a game like this. A city management/rpg hybrid. Like if Banished and Warcraft had a lovechild.The game is in early access still, but so far plays pretty well. I love the overall aesthetic, and light-hearted approach to this. You're not going to find anything groundbreaking in terms of mythos. We have standard heroes, civilians, and creatures like orcs/wolves/spiders etc, here. But the originality lies in the merging of genres. I think it was clever to not break too many molds here: the familiarity makes the game accessible.I have encountered a game breaking bug, that seems to happen at random - is being ignored at the moment (unsure why. my guess is priorities)DO NOT LET THE ""MIXED"" REVIEW PURSUADE YOUthe negative reviews are based on issues that have long since been addressed and are no longer existent in the game.should you buy it? YES. This game is already solid and the devs have all but proven they're committed to the cause. This is a wonderful merging of genres that hasn't seen the light of day since ""Warlords: Battlecry"" (released 15 years ago)Pros:+easy to learn+great merging of genres+addictive and entertaining+your town IS able to become self-sufficient! (this is huge! and I hope they don't remove it. it's nice to be able to let your town go about it's business while you're off adventuring)+regularly updatedCons:-still in development (which is clearly stated but that still means it's incomplete)-once you've built everything, stabalized resources, and cleared the map of chests, there's not a whole heck of a lot to do (see: my suggestions)-the occassional bug-lack of depth in leveling your heroUPDATE: I have about 8hrs of game time already, which is great! I'm not too interested in the campaign, mostly the sandbox mode. I've done everything there is to do in Sandbox mode. The only thing hindering this game's experience is a lack of ""stuff"".My Suggestions:-More playable heroes (desperately)-bigger/better sandbox maps-caves/dungeons-random town-threatining events-some sort of wizarding or magic academy. train magic users for battle or even helpful things like enchanting crops so they yield more for a while, summon wild creatures so your hunters have a plentiful hunt, etc-maybe the ability to build ""wonders"" a la Civilization - a large, beneficial structure, that's very resource heavy but helps the town or your hero a great deal.-town notice board where citizens can ask the hero for assistance (basically a quest generator)"
,Recommended,224440,26231457,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,hushpeople,The game has come a very long way from when I first bought it and it looks amazing.  I had a lot of fun with the campaign level and the sandbox.  No crashes and it is actually pretty challenging.  I highly recommend this now!
,Not Recommended,224440,33800476,Posted: 25 July,all,Logic_Bombs,"The game started with a good idea, some kind of civilization building arpg, one that has far  more depth than previous generations of rts games. But then they got derailed by who knows what, and decided to go the way of never completing the alpha. That's a scam through and through, and though I bought it in 2013 and waited for it to fully release, it never has.Steam should be ashamed for allowing games like this on their platform without holding them accountable."
,Recommended,224440,22802899,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,Raptor-Man,"3 years out and this game is finally beginning to look like something worth playing. I used to make a Warcraft III mod/map that is basically this game (city builder RPG), but this game does it much better. It still feels like an alpha, but now with the campaign and everything, it's really looking to be something. Progress is steady, somewhat slow but picking up. Now all we need is the ability to conquer other regions..."
,Recommended,224440,28161370,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,h4n1,"This game has been constantly updated, usually monthly, since I purchased the game over 3 years ago. There have been road bumps here and there but the game is clearly moving in a good direction. I generally check it out to see whats new every 3 months or so and I am constantly blown away. You can tell that the developers care about the game. I highly recommend this to anyone that enjoys RTS and RPG titles. Good job Devs."
,Recommended,224440,11310371,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Nakia,"Folk Tale is an Early Access game in Alpha Development by Games Foundry Limited.  It is a Sandbox mode City Builder which includes combat, events and will have quests and adventurers.  It will include not only the traditional city building but strategy and role playing elements.The Location editor is currently available for those who enjoying making maps and they can be uploaded on the forum for others to play.  The World Editor will be added in the future making it possible to connect up different maps for questing.  These are the same tools the developers use for making their maps and is well supported by Games Foundry.There are bugs and glitches which is to be expected in alpha development.  Community supporters help with testing and making suggestions.  I find being part of this process great fun and a good learning experience.The save/load feature is not officially enabled but there is one available through the consolePeople often post on the forum asking whether they should buy or not.  I recommend this game to anyone who  enjoys city building in an open world with free play.  It is still in the early stage of development and game play is limited.  Each patch which comes out monthly adds to the game play.  Games Foundry provides monthly  blogs on the progress of the game and the developers are very responsive to the community answering questions and suggestions.For information regarding the progress of the game please check out the developers' Roadmap.  Here is the link:http://www.gamesfoundry.com/roadmap.aspx"
,Recommended,224440,17346047,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,Natsia,"Was excited to see what the Devs and artists had done for this game so got myself a early access release.Bugs are minor, and the community seems to be giving feedback as and when issues occur.While the game mode is still largely unplayable at the time of writing (in that there's not a hell of a lot to do or any clear goals), I've enjoyed the tutorial levels and little bit of messing around I've done so far.Art style and storytelling is incredibly charming and gives one a sense of nostalgia for world builders of old. So far the difficulty curve seems rather steep, but I don't think its fair to make any comments on actual game play until this game is complete - which looks to be a long way off.Looking forward to playing this once the scenerios and game is complete and would recommend people giving it a play."
76561198055478792,Recommended,224440,17435782,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,CAPTAIN 687,"This game has incredible potential.  RTS City building  RPG is brilliant! If you played Age of Empires where you can place buildings anywhere/anydirection, CIV for the in debth city maintaining mechanics (happiness, research etc..), and Dawn of War for the wicked charater custumization (gear, stats, skills).  Now picture this in one game... ladies and gents... Folk Tale *trailer plays*.  The closest game I can think of that compares to this would be The Guild 2 and that flopped like a fish out of water, but it could of been grand.  Let me know what other games Folk Tale reminds you of."
76561198007683294,Not Recommended,224440,33005093,Posted: 29 June,all,NeonHaggis,"Development of this game is now suspended. They say they 'hope' to get things going again 'by the end of  the year' - refunds for everyone, right?"
76561198079381919,Recommended,224440,12981464,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,mikeydsc,"This is an EA game that has great potential. A huge sandbox style world with multiple maps and some good features. The devs are active in the community and listen to feedback. So much so, they rewrote the base code to allow for free form placing of buildings instead of a grid style placement. This set them back a few months and once that part was finished the game has gotten much better.3 thumbs up from me.Curious where the 3rd thumb came from lol.EDIT:::: So after a long hiatus from the game, i have come back to check it out and boy has it gotten even better. There is a really nice tutorial now that will teach you all you need to know to get started. The game play is smoothed out and I do believe that the potential mentioned long ago is being realised and achieved.At this point in time, I am glad to have supported this team as they are making a fantastic game."
76561198039196983,Not Recommended,224440,32393937,Posted: 13 June,all,Wedgietime,"I have had it for quite some time, honestly one of my first Steam purchases ever. It has an interesting concept and I really dig the writing but it has some issues.It's pretty boring. Theres too much sitting around waiting and not enough building. To counter this they added small invasions and things, but unless you can predict which direction they are coming from and get your hero there, you will just be constantly barraged with bears or spiders killing your villagers. The bears respawn instantly and will slowly make there way right back to you too.Dumb NPC's. They villagers are made out to be dumb, humorously. But often when a building catches on fire not even the peasants run to put it out and it burns to the ground. This needs fixed, or at least allow us to force peasants to put a fire out. People working in said building should also rush to outten the fire."
76561198007299273,Not Recommended,224440,33434574,Posted: 10 July,all,Tim,it feels i have had this game in my library for 20 years now and is still not released. i was really hopefull back then.The early access box says it will be released in 2017 and i really hope that its true.TLDR: finish the game... then i will write the rest.
,Not Recommended,224440,35123047,Posted: 22 September,all,Yanni Depper,"This game is example of why the Early Access system on Steam needs a HUGE overhaul.Despite having their store page pulled with little to no real explanation from the developers as to why, and given no realistic time-scale as to when (or if) development will continue; Steam still considers this behaviour completely acceptable.The game has, for the time being, been abandoned, because the current Early Access system completely allows them to do that with little to no repercussions.We are not investors, nor are we shareholders; we are consumers buying into an entry level product, yet we are told this is the ""risk"" or ""gamble"" with EA titles, and we should learn to get on with it. This shouldn't be the bottom line with this kind of behaviour, and Steam really needs to pull their finger out and address these issues before avoidable neglet becomes a business model in itself."
76561197971948073,Recommended,224440,21432904,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,DaCrusha1118,Game is coming along very nicely.  One of the few Early Access games I have seen that has responsive devs who value clear communication with their community.  Very fun RTS/City builder with a great sense of humor.
,Recommended,224440,15740332,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Arkyle,"After having cleared out all of the initial maps, I can say it was worth the $15 I got it for. I hope development continues because I really would like to see what it's like as a finished product.By ""clearing the map"" I mean establishing a stable economy, setting up the villages defenses, and then taking a team out to explore the entire map and clear out all enemy camps.I enjoyed solving the puzzle of stabilizing the economy, but once I found a formula for it I was able to recreate it on every map. The pattern I used on the easy map also worked on the medium and hard maps. The differences were that the resources were less conveniently placed from one map to the next, so the village was more spread out. Also, as maps got harder, enemies would attack from more directions and in larger numbers, so the point where there was a bear den that continually spawned bears right in the middle of my village on the final map. Nothing a dedicated crossbow tower couldn't handle though.At the moment, enemies are pretty weak, and only pose a threat to non-combatant villagers. Once soldiers have half-way decent equipment, even the hardest of enemies are pushovers. The defense towers make short work of them as well. They can mess up your town pretty bad if you aren't prepared for their attack though. Hopefully the balance gets worked out here.While very basic at the moment, arming my soldiers, sending them through enemy camps, getting loot, and leveling up is always fun. There are pages on each character profile for (not yet implemented) traits and abilities, which I can't wait to see. Every once in a while an enemy would drop a weapon that is like 5x stronger than any others I could get, which was pretty fun, but further contributed to combat being easy.There is another map which shows a different kind of game-play. You start with only 4 peasants and some equipment and have to fight your way out of a crypt. It was pretty easy, but if monster balance and traits/abilities get worked out, I can see that as being another fun game mode. I can see the map editor mode being used to make fun maps similar to this one especially.I'd say I got my money's worth as is, but am excited to see what it turns in to."
76561198004379535,Recommended,224440,21069369,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,Nelgoth,Good game with consistant support. Recommend for early access.
,Recommended,224440,26194072,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Grim Reaper,"Ok, this review will be short and will be a living review because as the game progresses things will change.Would I recommend buying this game?  Absolutely!  Brings all the fun elements of an RTS, RPG in one game.Is it still too early in development?  Considering the game has gone through many iterations.  I believe the design, content and actualy game development has come a long way.  So, yes the game isn't 100% complete (missing features) but, def worth the price tag and on the right track.Some of my favorite aspects is the game has a Diablo, Warcraft 3 vibe to it.  Graphics are interesting and unique.  Factions might be limited but, I can feel they will change over time to have and have a more robust feel to them.To Be Continued"
,Recommended,224440,26248912,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,Sevintus,"I'd say the game's pretty good, reminded me a lot of Spellforce, but better, and less focused on military. I had some trouble keeping villagers around at the start, once they don't get what they want for so long they all just kinda leave and as far as I can tell it's impossible to get them back, making your village just, dead...Spiders were pretty much a plague until I figured out the walls you can place can have arrow thingies set up on the towers and that pretty much negates any issues the spiders once caused... The military aspects to the game certainly seem lacking right now that's for sure, but I love the style and everything.What's given of the campaign so far is short as hell, takes like an hour to get through if you're not focusing on building.Is it worth 20 dollars as is though? Eh... I wouldn't say so, not yet anyway, if you want a city builder type game I'd say go get Banished, if you want a RTS/RPG type game, try out Spellforce...But I think once this game evolves, gets bigger, etc, it'll be a damn good game, because what's here, so far, is pretty damn nice, worth supporting imo.Totally recommended to anyone that typically would consider getting into an early access game, for sure."
,Recommended,224440,19057648,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,xerxys,"Having watched this game for a while, I boticed that the reviews had taken an upswing recently, so finally purchased. Whilst it is an entertaining game with some very lofty ideals and far-reaching concepts, many of these have either not been fully implemented yet, or they need a lot of polish and balancing. But even as it stands, the game is playable and enjoyable, albeit frustrating at times. Yes, it has been EA for a long time, but this is a game slowly forming and maturing and can only improve with the more interest and input and backing it receives. I do recommend this game to others, but the biggest negatives thus far:* No in-game pause. There is a lot to do in the game, but it all has to be done in real time, and many of the micromanagement elements (talked about later) are left undone as you rush around, trying to keep everything going, especially in the early game. You can stop the game by opening the settings menu, but you're unable to do anything* Combat is very unformed. Without the pause function to regroup and refocus troops, you often find yourself throwing everything you can at enemies, with your heroes lost in the very early game, with no way (that I've so far found) to revive or replace them. Enemies also tend to wander in a little too often at times, often undoing lots of hard work.* Building placement and world interaction is pretty basic. Building placement is touchy (to say the least), with every building requiring quite a bit of space, or just refusing to go into places you would excpect it to go. So far, there's also no way to remove or add any in-world items beyong buildings, either. This results in a wide spread of buildings placed down with little thought, just wherever they'll fit; and with no roads and no decorations, there is little visual cohesion to help turn it into a real town.*Micromanagement needs to be dropped or nerfed until it's more fully-formed. The RPG elements of leveling up, making and finding better equipment, researching new things for buildings is great, but there's so much to do and precious little time. Did I mention there's no workable pause yet? Pretty sure I did. Defeating a group of enemies can result in some little bits of armor that your workers can use, or you can begin crafting armor and weapons for troops and workers, but these have to be handed out individually, piece by piece, a tedious process you quickly tire of. There seems to be no way to queue research for buildings and upgrading buildings can be a really expensive option for (at the moment) little gain in many cases.It sounds bad, I know, but I do recommend this game. It's playable, it's enjoyable and it is slowly coming together. Many other people have complained about the lack of a serious campaign so far, but, for my tastes, I would much rather they focus on getting the city-building and micromanagement elements streamlined and rock-solid, then they can begin to flesh out campaigns and really bring the RPG elements to life. There's so much potential here and the developers are moving in the right direction. I just hope they don't lose faith in the game before it's done."
,Recommended,224440,19793564,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Ladyhawke,"I'm having a lot of fun with the game. The graphics are so cool, and the way the people go about their business...I just love watching them. Then you have the exploration with the hero side of it. That just adds more fun things to do. Quests, dungeons, fighting off intruders, etc.If you're on the fence, I will tell you that I definitely don't regret the purchase. If it takes a long time to add even more awesome features to the game, I hope they do it. It will just up the replayability value, in my opinion.The game is completely playable from what I've seen, and I've played it for almost 4 hours straight with no bugs, glitches, DCs, or weirdness at all. I was playing the campaign mode, mainly building and killing stuff all over the map.I love these kinds of games, building a town from the ground up and managing resources, keeping the people happy, and defending your settlement. With the hero RPG aspect thrown in, it's even more interesting. I've played many city builders, and I have to say that this is my new favorite.Highly recommended. It's on sale at the time of this writing, so pick it up and enjoy. :)"
,Recommended,224440,20964057,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Unknown_Slave™,It's been a long time and each time i open it up something new appears.It may seem like they don't care but all their effort is shown by how much it improves each time.I have waited this long and will wait longer for its finished product beacause Folk Tale deserves it.It's the tale you create with your own oppurtunities.
,Recommended,224440,15745014,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Usbwarrior,"What a great start. If this is the unfinished copy I can't wait to see the finished version and I'm happy to be part of the process. Has all of the best ideas from RTS and city builder games rolled into one. I love the way you can zoom in so close and look at the details of the little villagers working. No pixelated or tiny people like simcity games. Think more of the details in Warcraft 3.Every single one of your villagers can level up and become a hero in his or her own right. Simple select one of your villagers, add epic loot taken from the local monster community and send them off to slay wolves trolls and necromancers in the hills.Obviously it is still early days and many features are currently not operational. But the game is still loads of fun as it stands."
76561198039459554,Recommended,224440,22541211,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,murderbus,"I would say this game has gone through some major changes since I first purchased in in Beta. I am leaving a positive review, but only just. When I first saw this game I fell in love with its quirky humor and easy to master game play. It was simple and the game ran well that way. A sandbox was the wrong direction in my opinion to take this game as other series have done it as well. A linear level based town building game in which you unlock new area's to expand your influence by completing quests would have been a superior game in my opinion. That said the curret build runs well and they are putting in a lot of work. I just wish I got the product I paid for and that the game hadn't changed direction in the way that it did."
,Recommended,224440,31686062,Posted: 11 May,all,Unzeal,"For the first time in a long time, i feel like writing a review. I love these type of games, dealing with heroes, loot, building and managment. This game does a good job with it and still seeing its getting updates and so on. So if you like games like these you should try Majesty or Stonehearth.Anyhow, more on Folk Tale. Just gonna write a why and why not you should get it before my personal opinion.Why you should get it:- You love RPG and loot!- You love buidling stuff and managment of resources.- Dungeons!- Personal heroes and an army on the side!- Research and talents for buildings.- Inventory for every damn citizen(Give a barkeeper a broken glass and suddenly things go better in the tavern)- Crafting, Blacksmitm & Tailoring, Potions & Poisons, helps your heroes and citizens.Why you should not get it:- It`s not finished.- Several upgrades are in game but not implented- You don`t like RPG/Management games- You hate old graphics- You hate that the same wolf spawn over and over again at the same spot, often near your workers, creating a ♥♥♥♥ing pit of corpes.- You hate when you clear a entire encampment of Beastmen and Warpigs, only to find the chest in the end is empty.- You hate bugs ingame.- There are of course several more reasons why you should not get it but these are my personal finds yet.Now, more detailed stuff.Folk Tale, 4 years and still not finished. However, iam one of those guys who are still waiting for ESF(Earth Special Forces) for Half Life still not finished and i kinda lost track how many years XD Check out the new Trailer though if you like DBZ games.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=YBKFKTeGFp0The game itself.The graphics are decent enough and i feel its more in touch with the game genre. Love the crafting system and can`t wait for more tech and stuff to make. Best thing is that you can craft stuff for every citizen and worker. Often helping them doing their work faster and better. Monsters and so are basic and decent. Nothing new and refreshing but still thumbs up.Buildings and so on are ok, also nothing new but still gets the job done. Heroes however, they are cool(Only tried warrior and healer) but in their own way they seems well thought off and have decent abilities. But also nothing new there.More on buildings.I feel that the game got the job well done here. Every building does its job good and got perks and talents with it. Like you can upgrade the bakery to use less flour for each bread. However, that it only increase bread production feels like a cheap shot. And every building that produces something has several talents but the same the reward. Increase production. Thats it. More could be done here.The buildings look good though, won`t complain.Upgrading them feels like a waste though (YET) since buildings with workers only gets you some more talents and you can add 4 more workers too the building. Oh, 50% less chance of catching fire too. But it`s doesnt give that good feel for an upgrade. But in the future the upgrade get more stuff to it.The world.Either its green and lush, Cold and white or grey and wet. Now its 3 places you can start in Sandbox mode. Haven, Swamp or Snowy Hills. But i like the small details to each and every place. However, monster camps spawn often near your base or a singel mobs spawn near your workers, kinda bad. But the big camps looks good, atleast tempting too clear the area for loot. Dungoens are also good looking. Lets hope they add more of it.Suggestions:-Remove skills for heroes and add spell/talent/skill choices instead. Maybe i want the warrior to tank and rather want more threat skills than damage skills.- Roads, either we craft them or when workers/Citizens walk they form a path themselves.  Ever seen a village without roads?- Quest log or book. Also a Beast/monster log would be great, too many games don`t have them. Love too look at monster and beast lore with info about hp/attack/res ect ect.- You got stone pit and iron mine but no gold mine? Add it! Send them deep down with carts and a candle!- Add loot to the chests, for the love of god! Or mimics, if no loot add mimics!- Remove some of the bridges or atleast let us create our own. Helps too choose where we want to walk or want to get invaded.- A big sea but no fishing boat? Fish hut can be added near sea for more fishes or other stuff. Maybe clams, ♥♥♥♥♥es love pearls and jewelry.- About pearls and jewels. Create a jewel/trinket maker? And a perk for miners to find gems with a low % chance? just saying.- You have dungoens. Add a salvage crew for clearing the scraps when you are done raiding. What sane person leaves a ton of materials for his village. Add a timer for dungeons to respawn(Sandbox mode) Don`t know why but this agrivates me the most.- Multiplayer dungeons, for better loot and crafting items. Maybe with recipies for better crafting stuff.- Better towers and walls.- Over time when you get more food on the table, do normal people still eat 4 breads, 4 fish and 4 fruit for every meal? Add when you get more diversity of food, people consume more types of food but less of each.- Trading posts. For items. Maybe even online trading for items ect. Would be cool.Will update when more stuff gets finished.Cheers, Unzeal."
,Not Recommended,224440,17117004,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,CleanShot KJ,"Purchsed 2 years ago, still less than 1 hour of playable content."
76561198014144222,Recommended,224440,13129329,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,=NV=Hammer,Progress is being made by leaps and bounds keep up the good work guys!
76561198065129006,Recommended,224440,13112643,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,andre,it takes time but development is under progress
76561197993010441,Recommended,224440,12946093,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,BigTick,Honestly my review would be negative if the dev's werent as open and communicative as they are. They appear to be making progess towards what could be a fun game.
76561198053798226,Recommended,224440,12957185,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,joelbnor,"I enjoy playing the the city development games such at ""Dawn of Discovery"", ""Civilization"", ""Sim City"" and Others.  I stumbled on ""Folk Tale"" and have enjoyed playing what's been developed thus far.  The graphics is unique and characterization fun.  It's nice to see develoopers try something new and different.  I look forward to seeing what's planned for the future.  Good job development team."
76561198073657341,Not Recommended,224440,17361728,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,rparrish85,"Incredibly sluggish development (if you could call it that).  The scope of this game is very appealing to me, but I don't see it being finished or in any truely playable state within the next five years at its going rate."
76561198072017110,Recommended,224440,15819173,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Ssenkrad_II,"Overview:Stronghold 2 got herself pregnant, the father? She can’t decide if Warcraft 3, The Settlers, or Banished is the father, and she is only in the first trimester so it’s impossible to tell currently, but she does have a name already picked out for the child; Folk Tale.Early Access:Currently this game is in early access. Why is this important to say when that should be obvious? Because there are those, ah hell who am I kidding, MOST “gamers” don’t know what the hell that means apparently.  Early access games can take six months, they can take five years, they might never be finished; picture it is like a kick starter but the dev is nice enough to give you free copies of their beta’s and alpha’s as they build the game. This is not a completed game and it may never be a completed game. A dev company can promise to “complete said game” but that is all it is, a promise, there is nothing legally speaking they have to do other than slap a “1.0” sticker on the game and walk away. People need to know that and understand that going into any EA game.The Game Visionhttps://www.youtube.com/watch?v=EzDTbp4aXX8The Game Currently (May 13th):Currently the game has a tutorial and basically what I would describe as “Beta Maps”, four of them, which take anywhere from five to ten hours each to really enjoy. That means you are talking about twenty to forty hours of gameplay if you just gave each of their maps a real shot. Don’t look at “how many hours” people have put into the game, many have put far more hours into the game than it says on Steam as for some reason the hours are just not clicking over correctly (offline mode possibly?).The three more sandbox style maps (Easily labeled on the side as easy/medium/hard) basically are set up just like most RTS games, you have a couple villagers and some supplies and build from there. Unlike most RTS games however (Other than Banished for some reason… for the life of me I don’t know why that game gets the reviews it does) Folk Tale currently does not have an “endgame”, ie. killing the enemy base, completing the mission, etc. Basically you build you city, survive and run amok as long as you desire/ can survive (ie. Banished) and that is that.Anyone who has played the Stronghold games will find this game strangely familiar, even the voice acting. The same style of walls, buildings, humor, villagers are not produced they just “appear” if you have the houses to support them and the happiness to attract them, etc. If I were to sum up the game currently I would say it is 50% Stronghold (Economy/Buildings/ Defensive Structures/Audio/Troops), 25% Settlers 7 (Economy Chains/Buildings/Villigers), 20% Warcraft 3 (Fantasy world/Combat), and 5% Banished (Possible sandbox?). (That’s a 100% right? Good…) If they threw together a random map generator and multiplied the map size by at least 3x this game would dwarf Banished in its content alone.The combat is vastly different from Stronghold, in favor of what I see as the developers taking a page from Warcraft 3. Instead of vast, vast armies you now command a smaller crew (with heroes in the works) that can all be personally equipped with gear and upgraded as they level up. I am assuming they will have a “Hall of Heroes” style building like Warcraft to bring your heroes back from the grave- hasn’t been implemented yet.The Problem:It is so hard to understand the minds and predict the mood swings of gamers today, I would dare say it might be impossible, and at the very least it is clearly the most difficult time I can recall- and I have been in gaming a long time. Call me sexiest if you must but when did gamers start acting like a bunch of girls thinking with their woman parts more than with their brains? Basically all you have now are angry fan boi’s- I know, I get in trouble for bringing this up over and over again, but it is just sadly the truth!- and all they do is evaluate a game or a developer emotionally and then damn the facts. This game is absolutely no different. You have a group of people who didn’t like “not getting their way” in a vote that happened apparently years ago and because of that one event and how it made them “feel” they grouped up and went to war, the game itself be damned “I just don’t like the fact I didn’t get 100% of my way when I contributed a drop in that bucket!” Looking at the facts, logically, with a clear mind, I ask “how could any developer making a game in early access please every single person who signs on and supports them in early access?” and then I ask “how would you make sure that the majority of what your early access contributors are asking for, you are providing?” and I dare say that you will not come up with a better solution than what this developer did- vote and follow the vote. So looking at this logically, with your head, I ask “why hurt much?”Why do “gamers” now go through reviews and upvote and downvote purely off of if they recommended or did not recommend, the review itself be damned? Why do “gamers” now overlook countless flaws, countless bugs, countless AI failures, pay to play/win/continue features in a game purely because “the developer… giggle*, is my friend!” (God, I am looking at you Banished/Creativerse) while at the same time these same “gamers” take dumps on games that have more content, less bugs, better AI, and no pay to play/win/continue features in their game just because something or someone “rubbed them the wrong way”? The problem? Gamers need to start putting the game first (Thank you Divinity Original Sin) and put their emotions in their purses, loyalty to a developing company be damned! (Who is Larian Studios anyways?)Bottom Line:So basically if you think you would enjoy a game that would have the combat and fantasy style world like that of Warcraft 3 while having the economy and base building of a Stronghold then I would strongly recommend supporting this game as I have not seen anything similar in years (Warcraft 4 is basically every modern day MOBA, no thanks, and the new Stronghold was a step back in every sense of “step back”) and I don’t know when or if you’ll see anymore. I have played AAA titles that were not as fined tuned as this game currently is, and those games have sold for over $50. The developers of Folk Tale are claiming that they are still a long ways off from where they want to end up- that should impress and scare most of us.If you would like to see my thoughts on other games or movies check out my blog which you can find in my Steam profile or by google, search Ashley and Micah English. Thanks."
76561197986610134,Not Recommended,224440,23056757,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Vomov,"I've had this game on my watchlist since early 2013, and when it was on sale, I thought ""surely, it's somewhat finished now?""I did the tutorial, which worked, if somewhat wonky. The campaign took me about an hour to get stuck in; doors that don't open because the content isn't there, areas missing where I'm supposed to meet an NPC. Of course, the campaign can be the last thing to be completed, but the rest feels defective as well; a lot of micromanagement, weird controls and menus that offer no information, as well as useful information hidden away.Finally, I looked at the roadmap. The aspirations of the devs are high, and given the amount of time it has been in development with this little to show for it, unattainable. This is nowhere near finished, and will likely never be completed."
,Not Recommended,224440,33444541,Posted: 10 July,all,Carebear,"It's been years since I purchased Folk Tale. It's early access, so I expected many changes.HOWEVER...The sense of humor from the original build of the game has long since dried up over the years of updating as the game took a further turn from the initial concept. In fact, it is a completely different game altogether.Admittedly, if I had known this was the direction it was ultimately going to take, I wouldn't have purchased it so long ago. But, even so, I was - and still am - willing to give it a shot if they ever continue updating and complete the game, despite the fact that the game I now own is not the concept I purchasedat all.But, seriously devs, do something with it. Don't leave a game that had so much life, humor and potential to rot in the abadonware grave. It may take time (and we get that, really), but people deserve a finished product. We'll give it a chance, but you've got to give us a product that we can give a chance to."
,Not Recommended,224440,35354308,Posted: 30 September,all,Valiantic,Abandoned.
76561198007015413,Not Recommended,224440,8598891,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,sakbullets,"I bought this game months ago and have yet to see any significant updates.  The game looks great, but is not really that fun.  I have prison architect and they are always coming up with updates and it gets better and better.  I just dont see where this one is going..."
76561198005278955,Recommended,224440,20166457,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,*s*t*a*y* *f*r*o*s*t*y*,"ok so they had a few problems at the begining, but wow what a game, looks good plays good, get it while it's still on offer :) I like it for a good builder game."
,Recommended,224440,20203997,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,{G}{U} Bastillion {U}{G},"This game caught my attention very early, but I was a bit concerned that it was still an Early Access Game... but..I have to say that this game is extremely addictive, very well put together, has excellent graphics, music, and even though I'm just starting out, I can tell the map over which your town can expand into, has some wonderful opportunities ahead!If you enjoy Majesty, Banished, Caesar series, Age of Empires/Mythology... you should most DEFINITELY get this game.I am so very glad I did.I can see myself being up VERY LATE (or very early... ah heck.. who needs sleep?!?!) playing this.  :-D"
76561198049340001,Not Recommended,224440,11080900,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Meomyo,"I bought this game when it was in very early access, whilst the developers seem very keen and offer many updates on their progress, very little ever seems to get done. Have they run out of money? A key programmer has left for pastures new? I don't know, but what I do know is nothing much has happened in the year or so since I bought this. I have a horrible feeling my money has been wasted and I should have backed someone else.The game itself (what there is of it) is fun for about an hour but once you finish the tutorial there is little else to do, it looks like the recent update has made an attempt at a level designer but this itself looks amateurish and lacks any structure. Maybe one day this game will be finished, if there is then a demo I suggest you download that first before forking out for the 'finished' product.I really cannot recommend this game in it's current state, hopefully when/if the game is finished then I can update this mini review and wholeheartedly back this game, but judging on this past years performance I fear not. But time will tell, in the meantime I recommend Banished as it of a similar ilk but perhaps not as ambitious as this product and is of a far simpler nature."
76561198090550615,Not Recommended,224440,35020241,Posted: 17 September,all,Lilcya,"This might be a good game some day. Maybe. But seriously, if you buy a game in Early Access and four years later it's still in ALPHA, you feel betrayed. And with no information as to when this should change.DO NOT BUY this as long as it is in Early Access."
,Not Recommended,224440,34910755,Posted: 12 September,all,Hellah,Scam. Stay away. 'it's never going to be finished.
,Not Recommended,224440,35200846,Posted: 25 September,all,Jareth,"I've stopped supproting early access games mostly due to this experience. Half cooked game, incomplete features. Waste of your money. These kind of things give new gaming companies a bad name!"
76561197988728744,Recommended,224440,20251687,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,broggy66,"This game has had a rocky start! But don't let all the negative press scare you away. I've only recently come back to playing it and the difference in game play is huge! it feels more like a rounded game now, still a way to go as its still in alpha, but fantastic promise and the devs are finally making good on those promises."
76561197987895027,Recommended,224440,20183167,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Bashar al-Assad,"Warcraft III + Black & White + Runescape + DiabloNote:As of now Heroes die permanently, will be fixed next patchGame gets a little demanding specs wise as your village growsSome features have not yet been implementedStill a very fun game!"
,Recommended,224440,8516803,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,CountryKing88,Will be a great game when completed.
76561197969384637,Recommended,224440,19808689,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Herp McDerpin,"I just purchased the game last night, and as a result am sleep deprived today. The scope and ambition of this game is mighty impressive. Not coincidentally, it has been in development for years. The updates give me hope that development will progress at a decent pace.It's very similar to the Settlers series, which is fine by me. Build up your villages with plenty of building and technology options, and meanwhile explore the map and slay enemies with your main hero and pals you find along the way.The UI has some bits that could use some tweaking, to be certain. At least some shortcut keys exist but aren't indicated anywhere (e.g. 'I' shows inventory, with a hero selected 'C' brings up the character sheet, etc.)  Minor glitches are here and there, but thus far don't really detract too much from the game.The biggest issue (at least with this latest build) is that the village population is extremely spiky: one minute, everybody's fat and happy, next minute you lose 80% of your people. As you hit different levels of ""culture"" the needs of the village increase, and this causes the unhappiness. Again, not a show stopper - once you drop down in culture (because of the exodus) the needs decrease, happiness increases and you're back where you were. Rinse & repeat.If you're a fan of the Settlers, this is buy in my book. 8/10 overall at this stage, but time will tell whether the content will be there."
,Recommended,224440,19798445,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,White,"Much, much better than it once was. Nearly playable now haha. Only thing that made me want to scream this time playing was the AI .... morons! the peasants are total morons! 'Derp I'll just run the longest way round through the fog of war and aggro everything as I do so' *facepalm*. They were trying to build a wall at the time, apparently they can only do that from the side that faces outside of the city :/ (I also had a door in a different place they apparently had no desire to use). Appart from that, and turning a blind eye to the obvious pieces still being tinkered with, I'd say this game is shaping up to be pretty damn cool.Oh also the spiders ... I hate those damn spiders! You cant kill a nest without half a dozen queens making a bee line to repopulate it within seconds. Sure the machanic is interesting but not so many it wipes my base out, I just wanted to shoo away some vermin and got a spider plague :("
76561198086031991,Recommended,224440,20026578,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,skumleren,"As a map maker, modder and big fan of user generated content, I am very optimistic about this game and what it can entail. Looking at my hours played, this should be no surprise. Although it does not directly support modding, creators can make whatever they want of the game, be it modifying the city building, or simply create a standard RPG with factions, dungeons, boss fights and loot - completely skipping the city building aspect of it. Endless hours of fun definitely awaits.However, if you are just a player, content will be rather limited. Seeing as the entire campaign is going to be made in the editor they are giving to players. Then obviously the content has taken a hit and only 8-10% of the campaign is done (still some good hours though). You can randomize your own maps, pop in a couple of enemies and have fun fighting with them, but for a tailor made experience, you might want to wait a couple more months, wait for the campaign to be nearer completion or the integration and implementation of steam workshop.However, as it has developed, I am quite confident that it will live up to whatever expectations you might have to a game of this genre. if you are or have a little map maker inside of you, or maybe you want to tell a funny story, buy ASAP and start creating. If you are a player looking for a finished product, either wait for completion or grab the game when it pops up on sale."
76561198046229490,Recommended,224440,10486546,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,audigamer1,"Seems like could have some pretty fun potential here, i'll thumbs up it but my issues are1. Tutorial abruptly ends and leaves you hanging2. Sandbox mode has next to no controls3. Sandbox mode option tab for controls is greyed out so you can't see the controls or change the controls4. Back to the tutorial after you finish the tutorial the game leaves you lost as what to do next, sandbox mode has no descrition therefore you don't know what to do lolAll in all fun game worth playing absolutely, I'm sure these issues will get worked out, im not sure how long the game has been out for"
,Recommended,224440,33841670,Posted: 27 July,all,rioluwarrior62,"I would recommend this game because I like playing it. Its that simple. I watched this game for a long time, and it saddens me that it has been taken down from the steam store page. There are A LOT of angry people, and justly so, out there because the developers have not been very transparent with the reasons for not having consistent updates. The game was getting to the point of which you could build a small town and defend it, while also exploring with the heros you are given. If the dev's could continue dispite the negative attitude of its community, then that would be good. The games concept is a good one, and it should be expanded on in face of the adversary we call comments and reviews. I have hope that the dev's will come back and continue to make content for this.I would recommend this to a friend or collegue (Again, because I am repetitive) because I simply like the gameplay."
,Recommended,224440,9049684,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Heinrick Sanchetz,"Good do still needs some more devolpement good, a sustem of selling resources amd trading would be good."
76561197984699104,Recommended,224440,17379678,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,RADical,Brought the game 1-2 years ago and still waiting for it to become a FULL Game. It has potential but it is more likely to be a $20~ $29 game rather than a $49~$59 game. Don't buy it now!I still recommend the game in general but not the early access part.
76561198030675574,Recommended,224440,21549967,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,[NFFA]trigg3r[RN],"The game is actually really fun, but progress is slow. Fair warning."
76561198045943462,Recommended,224440,23142911,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Erinelda,"LOVE! I had to say I was getting mad at this game for waiting so long to do anything. At first the tutorial (like 2 years ago whew!)  was fun enough to buy. It was like Settlers 7 with a bit of on rails exploration. But unlike the massive steps back Settlers 7 took in placing things and game play, Folktale stepped forward and took the exploration off the rails and allowed free placement of buildings. You are going in the right dirrection!! I would say it is a mash of the the good old Settlers where you actually got to build your town, combined with a bit of Diablo-esk exploration and game play. Keep it up!"
76561197994639201,Recommended,224440,28508817,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,RenLou,Just the fact that they have an editor shaping up to be extremely easy/fun/detailed is already worth 5/10The other 5 is left for the charm and gameplay.I love it. Please finish it.
76561198027208154,Recommended,224440,31207644,Posted: 17 April,all,Zolbo,"Good game, where the managment of a little town is blended with the hero journey in a funny adventure. It's remind me of a gold time of Warcraft III, lovely.Is still an alpha, so be awere of this, lots of potential, keep supporting this game!Edit: please guys keep going on with this game!"
,Recommended,224440,8502087,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,|ChroNiC^㋛| Lotto,"pretty good game, dosent have much contents yet, but it will be a fun settlers type of game if they keep going in the current direction :)"
76561197980639259,Recommended,224440,19530727,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,StumblingDrunk,"I bought this game quite some time ago, but was waiting until it got to something more playable. I am so glad I waited as the game is great fun even in its current alpha state. The graphics, sounds and new take on this type of game feels very different and interesting to similar games and they are doing an absolutely amazing job. I cant believe its alpha to be completely honest as it even has tiny details such as a little screen shake when you zoom in on a wood cutter, cutting down a tree :) I cannot wait to see what the end game is like as they have absoltely everything they need to make something really fun. Best of luck to the devs you have made something really special here!"
76561198009983103,Recommended,224440,21539183,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,The Hippler Jimmy,"Really awesome and interesting game so far, played about 4 hours. although I had several restarts due to town death. Also, when I finally got balsy enough to enter the first cave looking for the bandit, my character got stuck on a wall in the first section of the cave...so im basically stuck I dont know what to do (help!) but overall, interesting character and town development, easy enough to learn and manage, and fun from the get go!.............but I'm still stuck and I dont think I can stomach restarting..again.."
76561198150456646,Recommended,224440,16284352,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,phoebevaulthunter,"I'm in love, im not normally a fan of build a kingdom games they normally get redundant. it fun the villagers are cute the music is beautiful and I cannot wait for what this game has in store with updates. Keep it up! small not to the creators if looking for ideas a button to randomize a world would be cool or a peaceful mode for thoes not there for the fighting."
,Not Recommended,224440,32082622,Posted: 31 May,all,[Nyan] SpacemarineCat,"At this point saying it's Alpha isn't a valid reason to really say it's a trap, I've played this game on and off for a couple of years now. And it's improved greatly, but it's majorly flawed in it's gameplay at the moment. In the past few years I have played they have added and changed quite a bit, but when I say the gameplay is flawed I mean the developers seem like they don't know how to make the game end.Pros:Pretty casualNormal RTS/City Builder Management ComboRelatively balanced outDevs seem activeCons:There is no real end,There's still a lack of reason to do thingsNo End GamePoor Offensive/defensive AI (If I can call them AI) and Strategy (They tried to do WC3 hero but the AIs suck unless you have all ranged)There's alot of loose endsAs I said they have improved the game but they have not actually developed too much in the progress of the game itself.My problem is there is really no end of the game, there is no reason to end the game, landscaping makes it difficult to make a large base to support everything I need, Enemy Units constantly spawn inside the village magically constantly killing all the dumb villagers nearby and there's a lack in defense of structure to react to these because every Barracks only support 12 units which are pretty useless, weak and slow. By time they get there 10 villagers have stupidly died instead of running away. There's no way to stop enemy units unless you build exactly on their spawn point. Management is very hard to keep track of because there is no quick sheet, instead I must hover all my buildings instead of having a master sheet of where my units/villagers are.TL:DRAlpha/Beta is not a reason to judge a game to me (Game development is a long process and is dependent on a couple of factors). But the reasons I state here would warn you to wait until the Devs fix the game some more and develop it. In it's current state it's only a small piece of a game that has a great amount of potential but it lacks any motivation for the player to do anything."
76561198037652816,Recommended,224440,17408288,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,Ronkey,"From building nice bustling villages in lush green fields to fending off fiends in dark dank woods, Folk Tale has abeautiful combination of sandbox city builder and RPG. While most of its aspects do focus on constructing a small villageinto a town. It allows you to loot your fallen foe's and put there gear on any villager or craft some at your blacksmith's.The graphics are lovely, like Black and white 2 polished - 4/5The UI is easy to navigate, clean and doesn't clutter your screen - 4/5The content is hard to speak for as its early access. 2.5/5 for now. A lot of time spent on mechanics therefor level choice is limited. How ever the map editor available can change this is you are willing to invest the time. 5/5 potential content.overall 3.5/5 currently."
,Recommended,224440,17689696,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,RoDeX,"Folk Tale is really stable at this stage of the early access, with a full release in 2016.The game is great! Good graphics and game mechanics. the experience of a real time stratagy/town build is awesome and you are actually get to know your peasants, which is pretty cool."
76561198093942984,Recommended,224440,17695735,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Skin Bear,"Based on what I have seen and read from others, I went and bought this game last night. I like it a lot and am really excited about updates in the future, not to mention the finished product!Somethings that could be changed.(not sure if the plan was to or not already) save games... players should be able to name the saved game. Again, I know its not a finished product, but please implement this.Another thing I am not sure if the devs know it needs work, is the editor. Namely the character editor. All you can do is hit exit when you are done and this sends me out of the game completely back to my desktop. Bug? Known non finished product? Not sure.I personally dont like the respawning of the spiders next to my town. I have to keep a few town watch near there permenantly to deal with them.I play Banished and had always wanted some combat aspect to it. While FolkTale is a little on the cartoony side of things, I am 100% okay with this as its not stupidly childish or anything. This adds the Banished element of town planning with the combat element I felt Banished was lacking.But the game is tons of fun and has great potential. Really hoping they keep this going in the right direction! Awesome work so far!!"
76561198008968667,Recommended,224440,21546097,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Frankencastle,"Bought this first day it came on steam early access. Got to say, very impressed so far. money well spent."
76561198042917560,Recommended,224440,31354782,Posted: 25 April,all,Shadownamesto,"I love this game, but I wish it got updated more often.But that isn't all! I also hope that eventually you can set routes for the city watch and spearmen/cavalry, since they just stand where you last left them, staring blankly into a random direction as everything in the village gets mauled by damn spider queens yet again!I love the latest building aspect and style, but the storyline feels worse than what I saw originally. Back then your peasants were running from their lord because they couldn't eat toast. Done, simple, explains why you're there and why you care about the village. Now a hero saves a village and builds it up because the mayor has found a new love for sitting down and refuses to move his fat♥♥♥♥♥♥ There's no reason for you to care about the village besides as an excuse for building up and the eventual spider queen swarm.4/5 for village construction. Yes, it's a village, not a city. Though eventually you may turn it into a bastion of hope against the spider swarms.3/5 for the combat. Hero combat is decent, you have abilities and level them up, plus new gear. But other than that, that's it. No leveling up your guards, no patrolling your guards around so they stop staring into the distance thinking of toast or the inevitable spiders, and no easy way of locating your guards unless I'm blind.1/5 for story. I genuinely don't know why I, the hero, am here. Did I take a fancy to the mayor's daughter? did I want to try running a village and eventually move up to a military garrison? Or was it because building is fun and the story needs to be vaguely there when you aren't dying to spiders?overall: 2.5/5. SPIDERS!!!"
,Recommended,224440,14259304,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Tomslick,I have enjoyed playing this game.  The development has seemed slow at times but given the scope of what the developers are trying to pull off and the size of their group I am pretty satisfied. They have definately made improvements since I have jumped on board.  I am pleased to recommend this game.Update 2/12/15: The above still applies but I wanted to comment on the Campaign / Mission aspect of this game.  I hope that it will be part of future development.  I don't want development to end with sandbox mode only.
,Recommended,224440,17411120,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,SoundWizard™,"If you like RTS games, I can recommend Folk Tale. It's a bit of both Warcraft 3 and Settlers. Warcraft 3 because it contains an RPG element and you build structures to gain resources but Settlers, because there's a little bit micro-management with your buildings and villagers.I watch the GamesFoundry stream on twitch every Wednesday and through that, I know they are constantly updating the game to become better. They also listen to the community and make changes if necessary.Which was evident from the start when the game wouldn't let you train female villagers into certain working roles, but people complained so they fixed it.As of this date: Aug/2015, there is no victory point. Meaning  you will play a map and it will simply never end unless you did badly. However, that'll most likely change soon.If you like to craft your own maps and give them out to a community to play, the game got a powerful and simple editor for you to mess around with. Steam workshop will be available for the game soon to facilitate map making and sharing.Finally, I would like to list some of my pros and cons:Pros-Fun game play.-Great British humor (Think modern Monty Python).-Excellent map editor.-Developers heed feedback.-Beautiful music score.-Heroes and villagers can level up.-Love the loot system and that you can give new gear to your heroes and various professions.-You can research upgrades for your buildings.Cons:-No end goal to a map yet.-Voice acting is a bit wonky and can be repetitive and annoying.-Sound design and foley is less than adequate.-No guard tower unless you build a wall which can ruin your village layout.-No story in the game, however, I know it is coming.-Professions, like the baker, will get flour and return it to the bakery and it'll automatically generate the bread. You will never see him make the bread which makes me feel like he should just be a carrier instead of a fully dressed baker.-While crafting is nice, it is a micro-management that becomes tedious for a large village, as you have to hunt down the house that can craft the item. It would be much better with a crafting tab that contained all the recipes.-You cannot set what sort of crop you want to grow until the field is complete. While minor, if you are pulled away from your field before or as it's being built, you might forget to set it to grow cotton and later on wonder why you never get any cloth bolts made."
76561197972062507,Recommended,224440,13081171,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Kazz25,"Awesome game guys! Cant wait for it to be finished, Great mix of RPG and strategy that hasnt been done before, Its like a ... Rpg AoE... Awesome :)"
76561198007917936,Recommended,224440,28383911,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Ghosrath,"I bought Folk Tale when it just came to early access and was disapointed by it. But now, about 3 years later, i decided to give it another go. Just to see how it had progressed and boy, is it a lot of fun now! A lovely city builder with a good dose of humor and great rpg elements.If you like games like The Settlers II or Anno you might like this one as well."
76561197990921961,Recommended,224440,21735367,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,TodaysKiller,"I bought this game a while back, and I'm loving the progress it's taking.  They constantly release experimental builds that are always filled with different fixes/content/etc.  This is still an early access game, but the progress i've seen since I purchased it is great!  Keep it up :)"
76561198088569283,Recommended,224440,13085903,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,[PK]Bernie_Sanders,"Outstanding game! I bought the game a year ago and the progress that has been made has been slow but dedicated. I love how u made a poll on what to work on and it was voted for sandbox.. and what did you do? you made a sandbox mode first and it has added much more playablility to it. Im glad I supported ur buy and it has been progressing some what. It truly has and the game is beautifuly done in every category. You guys are doing an outstanding job keep it up!. Ps. dont listen to negative reviews take your time with this master peice you've got here a good game should never be rushed, it needs attention and good ideas. :) And I can't wait for the finished product. By the way sandbox mode has made the game playable for hours at a time now which now I can say it's worth it to buy it at this stage because you now sit down and play it for 8 hours straight and make your kingdom."
76561198016943128,Not Recommended,224440,29006879,Posted: 4 January,all,wrathtribe,"I bought Folk Tale at Alpha 29. I found the RTS part completely unbalanced as both settlers and soldiers alike are pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥when it comes to fighting. Melee characters like spearmen or the allegedly superior town guard can't even beat a couple of rabbits of the same level (no kidding) without major losses, and large numbers of them make little difference as collision boxes prevent (which is good) swarming a single enemy. Although I suspect major modifications will occur when game goes Beta, for now I feel like the only viable option for armies is going ranged (and kite or use terrain like rivers or cliffs as walls - since walls are out in that build) or mix (and use the melee as blocker cannon fodder).Playing a couple of games in campaign and survival mode I found out that some attacks are scripted and come from spawn points (which may at some point be right in the middle of your town). Beside the awkwardness of having some wolves spawning in the middle of your settlers and considering how weak all of your troops (including heroes) are, carnages often occur. Of course with a high morale, the losses of civilians aren't that annoying if you have auto-recruit on on your building, but for the useless soldiers it leads to you micromanaging them (as there is currently neither a rally point feature on the barracks nor the auto feature do produce anything else than the basic spearmen which you have to retrain manually).I also found out that monsters level up based on a criteria which I haven't been able to identify yet, but that I suspect to be town military strenght capacity, which may lead to game breaking situations (if you evolved your town too quickly comparatively to the leveling up of your troops and heroes, every unit will end up being one shot by monsters and - considering also the XP penalty for death - will never get a chance to level up and compete ever again) where heroes don't stand a chance to beat dungeons and where you have to kill thousands of monster with a swarm of arbalist (the only viable option) to get a chance to level your soldiers up to be more competive in small numbers). So you may find yourself in the dire situation of a very steep increase of enemy level when uncovering the fog of war of a new enemy (i.e. a spider nest) or going into a dungeon. That is a bad - and hopefully very temporary - design choice as players who will focus on upgrading their town and defense over exploring and expanding may end up in a situation where any progress is made impossible.I was at first very disappointed not to find walls, towers or anything that could actually make me compensate the lack of individual efficiency of my military units by using a bit of strategy. Alpha 29 has no walls. After some research I found out they used to be, along with several towers and, well, a major bug which may explain why they have been removed. Well, walls are essential and the new engineering turrets, while a cool addition, aren't compensating the huge necessity of having walls in this game.I was suprised that, having had Folk Tale on my wishlist since about 3 years now, the very good looking game was still so lacking in terms of polishing of the game mechanics and content. In fact, there seems to be so much remaining to do that this game may remain in Alpha for a couple more years. I understand that the scope and ambition of the game are huge, mixing all those genre from RTS, city builder, TD, RPG, MOBA, and it remains extremely promising (although as to be expected with such a hotchpotch that actually none of each element has any depth in it - i.e. the economy, while having some illusory layers of complexity is absolutely unchallenging and is extremely linear as you will always build the same things in the same order starting with one or two food sources, clothes and then mead).Still Folk Tale may end up being an entertaining game with more than decent appearance and sound (the atmosphere of the game sadly is déjà vu and overexploited for medieval cartoonish games, but that may only annoys you provided you are a veteran gamer) if it ever get finished with its actual ambitions. Considering how slow the development process was till now (despite the fact I have to acknowledge that besides the obvious placeholders and temporary features, there is a lot of polish in that game) it would be hard to believe that the final product is going to become some kind of reference unless many many years of work (or an increase in this studio's output) are assigned to this project.In its current state and considering the history of the product, I can't heartily recommend it. Though as the steam review system do not allow me to publish a neutral review, I'd like to be clear that if you understood the ambitions of developers through my or others lucid reviewers comments, if you understood there is little chance that when it will finally be released the game won't achieve some legendary status in terms of depth, strategical options and challenge (despite your settlers dying like flies) and is very likely to just be a very polished jack-of-all-trades game then it may be worth supporting, provided you are patient, or buying on release."
,Recommended,224440,14712883,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,xsubtownerx,"Even though Folk Tale seems like it's been in early access forever, you can now start to sense that this game will achieve greatness when it does finally release (officially). The latest builds really make it easy to recommend the game in its current state. If you enjoy city building games like say Banished, you'll probably immediately fall in love with this game as it does more than just the typical city building things. You get to build armies, quest, loot, craft and more. Which is what drew me to the game in the first place. Games Foundry have done a great job thus far with the game, and hopefully their hard work will pay off in the end. :)http://youtu.be/H2mujrOqBd8"
76561197979402731,Recommended,224440,17296214,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Zatio,"I got this game the second it became purchasable, i have waited a long time to play something other then the tutorial, but i am good at waiting so it never bothered me as i got plenty of early acess games in my library.Some allot worse then others witch in this case is a pretty good experience in telling whats good and whats not.This game has come a long way and are starting to become playable, while others whine about time i say take your time and make a great game.Folk Tale is a sandbox game, and at the momment players can use a couple of premade maps or and make their own and try and build a city.There are monsters in the game to kill and a couple things to craft but not much, and at the momment there seems to be loot and it can finally be equipped tho some of the loot seems to have no effect.So if you are interested in this game then i would suggest to buy it, but keep in mind that you are buying an early acess for the sole purpose of being able to support development and get to try out the game during development.If the price tag seems to much for you then i suggest holding off until more content are added."
76561198061904093,Recommended,224440,17838609,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,den1slav,"I bought Folk Tale a while ago and have not played much, about 6 hours. While the game still has a ways to go, I am confident that Games Foundry will produce a very good product. Why? Because they pump out regular updates, take the time to listen to their players, and use surveys to find out what their investors/players want! They are a very pro-active company and I enjoy the way they are approaching this project.Their player-relations are also very good. Multiple times I have asked questions on the forums and have recieved rather swift responses! The game is on the right track, even though it did have a bit of an early turn around from a story-based RPG to a sandbox based RPG, where I can understand some players argument that they are not recieving the game they invested their money into. However, they may provide feedback to help Games Foundry produce the best game possible, because this company does listen. The best indicator of that is the fact that they made such a great turn around.Another something that I like is that they have a roadmap on their site, detailing and outlining what they plan on making. It helps regular players like me understand what is to come and increases our faith in the company. So with that said, I will be giving Games Foundry and Folk Tale a big PLUS ONE. Can't wait for the next update and keep up the good work!P.S. Defenitly more than one hour of playable content. No idea why people keep saying there is only one hour!"
76561198027142229,Recommended,224440,13202568,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Danel  Lo Gris,"A game that has potential to be one of the more unique games out there. elements of an RTS, with an RPG, resource management, castle building, I´ve played the bit in early access, and although it´s incomplete, I am impressed! The humor of the game is great as well! looking forward to the full release!"
76561197970914630,Recommended,224440,13196911,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Elth,"Whilst not entirely finished (as was expected with an early access game) I thoroughly enjoyed playing through what I have played so far.  The game has a uniquely quirky vibe to it and isn't afraid to poke a little fun at itself which I find refreshing.  I absolutely adore the art of this game, it reminds me of games like Fable, warcraft or torchlight but has a personality of its own as well. - Dec 2014UPDATED REVIEW BELOW - May 2015:Does this game have longevity potential to provide more than 8-12 hours of village builder gameplay?Currently I have over 28 hours played, 24 of those hours have been recent experience. I bought the game when it first hit early access and played the tutorial several times through. This game has come a long long way since then. It still has a ways to go, but the sandbox game has a lot of potential. The management of all the different buildings, villagers, resources, upgrades and trying to keep the villagers warm, fed, happy and healthy all serve to keep you on your toes while you expand your village and explore the surrounding landscape. This is a game that I don't tend to burn myself out on, It's a game that I keep coming back to whenever the GF guys add something new.With only 28 hours played you can't really call me a fan boy, that being said, I do enjoy this game and I expect to get another 100 hours or more out of it in the next year or more. It has great potential, it has great art design, great mechanics and a great feel to it. If there was a downside, I would say at the moment it is content. With only three or four maps currently available if you tend to burn through content you might run out quick.With all that being said, with 24 hours played on the new content I can honestly say that I still have a lot more time to give to this great title and I really look forward to seeing more from Games Foundry.http://www.gamesfoundry.com/gameguide/gettingstarted/Check out the gameguide if you are interested in the features currently available."
,Recommended,224440,14819840,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Crazy Alchemy,"It looks good and it's improving, this is a game that tries to use Early Access to get players involved in development and to help pay for development, unfortunately a lot of reviews don't seem to appreciate this fact and just bash the game for not being a finished product. I've seen it improve drastically since they first announced it, they're constantly working on it and making updates, a lot of the negative reviews aren't even accurate anymore."
76561198052202222,Recommended,224440,12987264,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,seqdcer,"This game is early access and far from completed so bear that in mind when deciding to buy it.However it has a lot of potential, mixing RPG elements with RTS gameplay. The tutorial is very fun but hasn't been updated in ages, all the work has gone into sandbox mode where one finds the latest updates to the game content and gameplay wise. Visually it looks stunning.The game isn't really playable right now from my point of view, you can do most stuff you'd expect but there is no way to win sandbox maps for instance as enemies simply respawn.What works: building stuff, putting villagers to work, combat, equiping units, some economic chains, craftingNot done yet: saving the game, unit stats, food consumption, disease, balanceI don't regret my purchase, the game is promising, visually stunning and the devs keep us up to date on the progress being made on a weekly basis.Buying this game right now however is more about supporting the development of the game then getting a game you can already properly play and enjoy early. So keep that in mind when deciding to purchase :)You can also check their weekly updates about the game on youtube:https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCa7W66RPP2X-BKPhhH1a4nw"
76561198010332324,Recommended,224440,13203192,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,cherub13666,"This game has a ton of potential, with a very dedicated and communicative development team. It is fun to play around in the sandbox setting now and I can't wait to see what the finished product looks like."
76561198036665357,Recommended,224440,13159840,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Earl Komrad,A great example of a Early Acess product done right.
,Recommended,224440,13443012,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,madscy,"Has a lot of potential, but it is still in Alpha and has a very long way to go.  If you want to check it out, its quite beautiful - but don't expect to find a lot there.  Much more here then there was 6 months ago.  By leaps and bounds.  However, this is still an ALPHA version of the game.  Expect a few hours of fun, not much else.  But, it is progressing very well - so hopefully someday we will have a wonderful game to play."
76561198031232915,Recommended,224440,13339832,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,littlebirdy763,this is the first time I've purchased an early access game. I must say that the positive reviews I've read are accurate.  The parts of this game that are working are fun to play.  I've spent today playing the tutorial and plan to check out the sandbox tomorrow.
76561198018844700,Recommended,224440,9158569,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,CrimsonCrust,"Well it has been over a year since my first review and I must say they have made some massive progress unlike other early access games I have bought *cough cough war of the * Cough Cough under world ** Cough Cough Bed Rock Beta ** Ahem.  The game Folk Tale now is actually very fun to play, and is progressing very quickly.  The sandbox is awesome and most of the new features are accessible to the players in a very quick and timely manner.  I would recommend this game to my friends.Original Review:  Down Vote 2/17/14""I can't recommend this game until it is more complete."""
,Not Recommended,224440,15706503,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Sackon,"Wrote a review for this game about a year about complaining about lack of progress and changes in what was originally promised, dev politely asked me to give the game another shot before finalizing my review, which I happily obliged, so I privated the review, and forgot about the game.Recently got around to giving it a try on another account only to discover that, as I said before, the game has made almost no progress since 2013 and has actively taken steps back in what was originally promised. Now I've learned that the devs have put the game on hiatus and locked it from sale to the public, with no ETA on when (if ever) it will be worked on again and made available to sell.Over 4 years since it was originally release to Early Access, it still lacks features that people expected to receive within a year, the game itself is bugged and lacking, and now there isn't even the empty promise of the game being worked on again.TL;DR, It's literally a scam that many people, including myself, fell for. If they decide to put it on sale again, don't bother until 2030, which is when I expect it to be maybe 65% finished, assuming they haven't already jumped ship (Which they probably have.)"
76561198047533476,Not Recommended,224440,26468310,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Valdi,This is a scam and should be removed from steam !
76561198122184555,Not Recommended,224440,32607485,Posted: 20 June,all,Jeroeco,not even a little fun
,Not Recommended,224440,34886436,Posted: 11 September,all,[MKF]SneakySherpa,"It shouldnt take 4 years for the game to be completed. Lazy developers who didnt plan well caused the game to be delayed and delayed again. The game is much different than what it use to be, BUT it shouldnt take this long to put out a game like this. Disappointment. I will re-review this game once it comes out, till that time I must give it a negative downvote."
,Recommended,224440,10714673,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Cope,"Slowest development ever, shows a lot of promise though."
,Recommended,224440,8579639,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Tommy-Trinder,"This game has it in it to be a great city building, town similation game.But it's a bit more than that. Like any city building game you build things like farms and butchers and make little production chains to keep your people happy, and watch them in their day to day lives. thats the City building and town sides of it. But what really makes it shine is the way you start to really get attached to your people. Each charecter can be equipped and taken on missions so you start to feel as though you have helped each one grow, and will probably get favourites and the ones you don't like so much and this brings your little town to life.There is also a pretty cool editor which lets you make your own map and therefore your own folk tale story.This is an EDITED review, my last one complained about the Devs never releasing updates nor keeping us informed for a long stretch of time but I have to say this has been sorted to I am now recommending this game!"
,Recommended,224440,20271972,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,kiisama,"This is a fun game. I recommend waiting until the game is finished before getting it, unless you get it on sale. There is gameplay to last you for hours, but there seems to be a lot more content that will be added in later."
76561198058800006,Recommended,224440,13070835,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Ace Skym,"Updated review:Updating now to change to thumbs up review, due to progress in development and attentiveness of game staff!The game ahs some ways to go with a few things being implemented, but for what it has right now it's a functioning playable game. You now have the option to save (one slot, though it won't tell you it's saved, it just does it) and you can continue later. The graphics in the game look beautiful for its style, and the villagers seem to understand (for the most part) what they are meant to do for their tasks. My only issue I'm having is constant complaints of sickness when I have everything everyone says you need to keep villagers healthy.The game is on its way, progressively with good updates. Worth a play.Previous review:At this time I wouldn't recommend the game simply for the fact that you still can't seem to save. It simply hasn't been implimented yet."
76561198040496527,Recommended,224440,25386330,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Discoshrimp,"I just bought this game last night and have only put in a few hours so here is what i think so far...This game reminds me of a modern version of Majesty with the town building and hero mechanic. The building and villager mechanic are well implemented and easy to learn, and the resources are also simple and fun. THe only criticism I have is that the heros have no ai...yet. It may be that i didnt play enough or that it is not complete yet, but i did not like having to control my heros all the time. I want to be able to direct commands but when im not controlling they should just do their thing like villagers. this game has a lot of potential and i like what ive played so far.two thumbs up5/7"
76561198043519846,Recommended,224440,25878560,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,CrossLegLuke,"This was the first Early Access game I ever invested in back when EA first came to steam. I was excited for it. Couple years later the game went through a short phase that I was worried it wasn't going to make it.  I'd check in every coulple of months to see how it was doing. Every time I was expecting to see it abandoned... but each time I was pleasantly surprised.I can only recommend you invest In Folk Tale if it looks like a game you may be interested in, these guys deserve the support, and the game is worth  the risk."
76561198034190864,Not Recommended,224440,35091909,Posted: 20 September,all,Atruin_Augustus,updates are few and far between. as wide as the ocean and as deep as a 2oz battle of liquior. devs abandoned the game and refuse to get in contact with anyone on fourms or on steam.
,Not Recommended,224440,33757240,Posted: 23 July,all,Regelneef,"Shame I bought it, I don't think there's gonna be any updates soon. It's fun for about 1 hour."
76561198045774472,Recommended,224440,9815573,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,MaRkV,"I initially wrote a review that said that I did not recommend this game. However, I am pleased to say that I have changed my mind with the changes that have been made to the game. The development has stepped up a gear and it seems that this is now a viable game. I have only recently re-installed it but what I have seen so far is way better that it was when I wrote my initial review. This is the first time I have changed a review, well done Folk Tale!edit:The latest patch, as of Feb 1st, has improved things even further. The futuer for Folk Tale is looking extremely good. I won't use the term Settlers 2, oh hang on, I just have. Never mind, if you like the Settlers 2 type of game then I recommend that you grab a copy of Folk Tale!"
76561198127569519,Recommended,224440,25867233,"Posted: 5 October, 2016",all,[CIR]Slapahoe,I never post on games but this game I have too say something. For a game thats still in alfa I have to tell everyone it is a great little game. They way they have married the adventureing and civ building is very cool. If they keep going doing such a great job with code writing I think this will be a game that is going to be a keeper. The 19.99 is worth it for such a cool game. Can't wait for the next patch.
,Recommended,224440,21039757,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,TweaKOhNoes,"What a great game - From early development I've thought wonderful things, and now to see it starting to take form.....  Each new feature is polished, and smooth!  Cannot wait until release!"
,Recommended,224440,19945072,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,ChinaMan,"I like the concept but ... The EARLY ACCESS was very early.  I wouldnt Recommend it , yet cause it still have alot of work.  Like ALOT.  Tons of Bugs and things that arent programmed to work yet.  But I support this IDEAL.  It got kind of easy once you get the hang of it (Expected that the raiding parties get more stronger based on population?).  Kind of clueless at first since i started at the newer version without the Tutorial listed as my option (Later found out that Campaign was tutorial... barely).  So I'll just bare with it for now.~Will Change my review later based on upcoming updates/fixes."
,Recommended,224440,21798669,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,egalor,"This game will appeal to those who enjoyed:- Settlers 6: for economy (establishing production chains, using workers, etc);- Warcraft 3: for combat and occasional dungeoneering missions, visuals and day-night cycle.However, please note that the game is still in development, so certain features might be missing (like world map, for example). Content-wise it's playable. Campaign and sandbox are playable, but by no means are complete.Personally, though, I would greatly appreciate to see the seasons change.Basically, this game is what Settlers 7 should have been.Definitely recommended."
76561198092909925,Not Recommended,224440,34482567,Posted: 25 August,all,Zilincan,"Oh we will create game, it will be open world, sand box, random generated, no no no, someone will be appointed from developer team to hand craft your own 100x100 km world filled with magic, monsters, RPG, strategy, settlers, simulation, rimworld, dwarf fortress, LAZORS, skills, experience points, ice cream, dragons, crafting, petting, taming, pandas, hot vampires, orkz and many many more....a few years later: here you go crappy below avarage bland rts game ...well... uhm. .. .... TA DAAAAits something!"
76561198009842113,Not Recommended,224440,33552670,Posted: 14 July,all,PintoBean,"Uninstalled last year.  Apparently, I haven't missed much.  Perpetually developed to nothing."
,Recommended,224440,8466161,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,pozzyfozzy,very very good its a pitty though its still in Alpha......
,Recommended,224440,3181436,"Posted: 30 June, 2013",all,Legion,Toast! They can't take our Toast!
76561197991308291,Recommended,224440,10765678,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,LunarMouse,"This early work shows amazing potential. The game play is fun, the characters are silly, and the story is well done. Keep doing what you're doing!"
76561198121481638,Recommended,224440,26018573,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,jstreece22,"THIS REVIEW IS FOR SANBOX MODE: I haven't spent much time in campaign.I don't usually review games as I feel that, unlike most other entertainment mediums, video games are grossly personal experiences.  However, I would like to say that I strongly recommend this game to anyone interested in city building and management type games.  The interface and controls are very intuitive once you learn the basics, yet still give you plenty of flexibility later in the game.  And, in my opinion, later in the game is where things get fun.  Starting new villasges on the other maps while your first village continues runnung is a fun challenge.  I also really enjoyed the RPG aspects such as clearing zones and leveling your hero/heroes, training up your troops and doing the basic quests, as well as looking for the other heroes.Again, I know games are very subjective in nature, however when a game is done right, I beleive the developers should be recognized for their work.  This early access game is on par, or better, than many of the ""full release"" games I've purchased.  If you are looking for a very scripted, linear experience, this game probaly isn't for you.  But, if you like crafting your own experience in a well made sandbox, I belive you will find this game very enjoyable.Sorry for long winded review, just felt that this developer deserved a thumbs up from a long time gamer, I'm an old man compared to most of you, lol.  Thanks for reading and hope you enjoy this game as much as I continue to do."
76561198007483841,Recommended,224440,21764580,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,=]G[=Lazydaze,"I don't see how this game can still have mixed reviews. I've had it probably over a year now and it has taken a while for things to come around, but they are coming around. The Devs are very involved in the community and there seems to be updates (at the very least) once a month.This game is going to be great when it's finished. There's a lot going on right now so one can assume that there will be more when it's finished. I hope they come out with more maps and I think they will. I played the campaign for a very short time and had a good time with it. It's funny. I can't wait till the campaign is finished, then I'll get back into it for sure."
76561198329697443,Recommended,224440,34225218,Posted: 13 August,all,Grizzadams33,"Very fun game, really enjoyable and love that it blends City Building with RPG elements. I don't think this game deserves all the down votes from people complaining about long development. You allowed VERY early access to the game in the alpha stage while most developers don't every release the game until its a ""finished"" product, and most of the time those games are not very good at all. While I can understand that people don't like waiting for a the end product for extended periods of time I also can appreciate that it takes a long time to craft a really great game. Anyway, keep up the great work!"
76561197991201231,Recommended,224440,20498579,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,GaryLaserEyes,"Really, don't let the bad reviews scare you like the did me at first. I never played the game when all the issues seemed to be present. As of now Ive only put a couple of hours on it due to work and school, but there's something to this game that keep me interested. Im very excited to see future updates."
76561198047586338,Recommended,224440,8569488,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,LostChild,be kewl if they finish it sooonerrr :P
,Recommended,224440,9589585,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Fishy,the only reason i am recommending this game is because i think i can see the direction this game is going and id like to see them get there thats the point of early access its deffinetly not a finished game keep that in mind we are just investing but the devs do need to push something out soon or im afraid the negative reviews will scare everyone off and i dont mean push an unfinished game out but they do need to release more content for the game something to let us play beyond tutorial and actually test more of the game.
76561197989644328,Not Recommended,224440,16233873,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,foxdemon,"This is marked as an alpha release I know that it is not intended to be a finished product but it is effectively unplayable.  It's more like a custom warcraft III map that nobody got around to finishing.  I spent several hours building a village with upgraded versions of all of the production buildings.  Eventually at a population of around 100 sickness will begin spreading and you will run out of medicine no matter what you do.  Your villagers will never be happy.  I made a fully upgraded monastary and tavern right next to eachother with a well and several beehives.  the monks stock piled thousands of honeycombs and produced mead far too slowly for my village even with 15 monks working and all research completed.  Don't try to make doubles of any of your production structures either if you do your villagers will inevitably be to far from a needed resource.  Villagers need to be in the area of a resources building to pick it up and if heir cottage is too far from say, the tailor's place they will be low on clothes even if the tailor has a stockpile"
76561198067798242,Recommended,224440,17805016,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,ostara.ml,"This is everything I want in a game! If you liked the game Westward, and miss it like I do, this game is what Westward wanted to be, and so much more.  I am very (very very) excited to see this game in its final form after they work the bugs out."
76561198068770920,Recommended,224440,16214235,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,SecretAgentDirt,"A lot of promise in this game.  Fun.  I like city building and managing.  I like questing, I like to level heros.  This game has a lot of potential to do all of that.  Kill mobs get gear to equip your people.  But thats only a 3rd of this game...so like I said, I hiope they can pull it off."
76561198057033058,Recommended,224440,16024583,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,MoonHowl,"I am likingin it a lot.As an Alpha, it is really limited and so far so what I have been doing is testing maps and getting familiar with the mechanics.Balance and logistics are vital.I recommend this only for those with deep criteria of testing and playing Alphas."
76561198039555822,Recommended,224440,26420751,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,Pug,"Constantly updated, and the dev team is always listening to their fans.  Great town simulator and great combat."
76561198086293705,Recommended,224440,31708464,Posted: 12 May,all,Dragon Equinox,"It's a fun little game. The graphics are beautiful. Not too difficult to play. The perfect mindless entertainment when you don't want to be slaughtered by a more challenging AI. (However the constantly respawning giant spiders frustrate me - so build towers on top of their nests to keep them away.) An awkward yet rewarding combination of a Settlement game and a RPG. I would really love to see this finished and out of Early Access someday soon, and for that reason I haven't invested too much gameplay time.  Has loads of promise, but seems to be very slow and rewarding our patience."
76561198036840488,Recommended,224440,7933281,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Corbenic,"It's refreshingly interesting on it's take that ""anyone can be a hero"" The term is literal as each and everyone one of your units can gain experience, level up, equip gear and become a badass. The RTS elements are standard with a very Settlers feel and the voice acting and scripting is top notch with clever one liners and interesting cut scene devolpments."
76561198086199814,Recommended,224440,17550482,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Red Baron,I just love trying to make an empire out of the villagers and more. it's tough work keeping everyone happy but so much fun. Having difficulties with making stone walls but hey. games in progress still so no problems thus far XD
76561198005441646,Recommended,224440,16223862,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,derp.headsh0t,"Let me start out by stating this is an EARLY ACCESS game. It is not a completed game and many of the reviews on here judge it as if it is completed.The game shows so much promise, and from what the devs have discussed/mapped out for its future...it will only get better. The systems in this game (even those not fully implemented yet) all meld together so well and make every second enjoyable. Whether you are building your very first building or attacking some group of enemies...it just captures your attention.To those of you that are complaining development is taking too long? Bah, take as long as you please Devs, this concept deserves as much polish as possible. I cannot wait to play this current build some more, the next build, and the finished game whenever that may come.This is the game I have been craving, a smooth mix between Fantasy RPG, city building, and RTS. If you like any (or all) of those 3 genres, check this game out.Just remember, every dollar you spend on getting this game now just quickens the process or allows more things to be added."
76561198081336519,Recommended,224440,15997208,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Apprentice Von Batman,"This game has been up since 2013, and it has changed a lot, positively. The developers decided to change the whole aim of the game. Instead of an rpg strategy game, it has become a sandbox with strategy and rpg elements in it. I must say that I love it as the way it is now. Beautiful graphics, maps and buildings! The developers really are doing something great with this game! If you like strategy games with rpg elements in it then you should definitely buy it. Please note that most of the comments below are from a long time ago. I admit that in the beginning was not that great, but now it is! The developers earned a second chance and they used it well!"
,Recommended,224440,15990259,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Purplefood,"Picked up Folk Tale when it was pre-alpha or something. I've picked it up and had a play a few times since then just to see how it's been going. I must say i've been enjoying it massively every time i have tried it, definitely a game to get but even if you aren't getting it now it's worth keeping an eye on."
76561198046124270,Recommended,224440,12159613,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Kraxok,"So, I really have to say that I am impressed of this game. It gets with every patch better and better. With this new patch 0.2.9 (I think so) I begin to have fun with this game. Please, keep it up! :) You are on a very good way."
,Recommended,224440,34091142,Posted: 7 August,all,mrplastik,"It has a ton of potential, I can only hope they eventually finish it. If not, at least I got my money's worth out of it."
,Not Recommended,224440,22253084,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,Jajo,Note:I played about 5 hours or so of this offline which explains my small amount of hours in this game.I cannot in good faith recommend this game to anyone. It's coming very close to its third full year in early access with minimal changes. The game itself is stable and is a great idea but unfortunately does not have enough content to warrant spending 20€. Buy in a sale and hope that one day the developers will make up their mind as to whether to give up or finally finish.
,Recommended,224440,17575656,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,BLACK NIGHT ASSASSIN'S,the game has got in better from the updates and it's making the gaming for the 4 maps more of a experiencethe 4th map is in work in progress
76561198076403246,Recommended,224440,6824736,"Posted: 21 August, 2013",all,DragonOverLord,if they ever get it running i would lol
,Recommended,224440,8566556,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,amberstrange,"Very good, Even in this Alpha stage it shows wonderful promise. I look forward to seeing more as the game develops.5 stars!"
,Recommended,224440,17822163,"Posted: 31 August, 2015",all,Nusiance,"Extreamly fun game with hours of fun. Just wish they would finish the modding of the buildings. We need the engineers. I want to make potions, I want to upgrade the storehouses. But I still sit here playing it for hours still having fun without those things"
76561198046933829,Recommended,224440,22745853,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,joescoggins,"I wish there was more content. I wish the different races were playable that would be cool.. Took me a minute to get a grasp on the fact that you need to produce every possible type of resource as quickly as possible. The game is pretty much Stronghold with Warcraft III graphics and interface. Worth buying when it's on sale, with out a campaign $25 is a alot to as for it.Oh I forgot to mention the cost of upgrading buildings far outweighs the benefits."
,Recommended,224440,12128661,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,tm.gg,"Ok so this game took forever to get some what fun, i dl'ed this game when it first came out, and it has improved a lot since then. the developer has been making great strides recently in particulare, my thanks to that seeing as for a while their i was sure this was just another scam game for some one to get fast cheap cash. all in all i like it a lot; if your looking for a time waster that is really easy to grasp and play."
,Recommended,224440,7988662,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Death Bringer,this game has great potential. looging forward to the sandbox.
,Recommended,224440,8012438,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,kakashi,"I see a lot of potential with this game. It has great artwork, a nice story line, and with the new changes i can't wait to see it transform into a great RPG/TD type game! I hope to see some of the implementations soon, but i will just eagerly wait because i can see this game going places for sure.Gameplay : N/A (for what you can play the RPG side of it i would say 8 / 10)Graphics : 9 / 10 ( low framerate lag, and smooth gameplay, even when zoomed all the way out or all the way in)Story : 7 / 10 (has a nice feel, but hopefully it will change when the TD side comes out)"
76561198042049555,Recommended,224440,24173460,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,KaggoDaOrc,"Love the spirt of the game, and really look forward to seeing it finished."
,Recommended,224440,17180098,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Unreal_Ripper,"Bought this pretty early on when there wasnt much to do, but the premise got my attention.they've stuck to what they set out to do and the games coming along awesomely. and is looking like it will be outstanding when released."
76561198025821369,Recommended,224440,12161000,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,houndofhell03,I really like all kinds of things about this game. It's like the Guild ecept not at all HAHAH!Great gameGreat updatesand serious thought behind this game shows.Great Job yall.
76561197997229725,Recommended,224440,15716179,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,train2hell,"Considering the fact that it is early access, the game is ok. Lacking a lot, but ok. The bigger question is if it will ever fulfill it's potential. Graphics is good. Mechanics are good. The downside for me is lack of some realistic details. Like building slowly rising from the ground, instead of being built."
,Recommended,224440,21554362,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,LtlMacMcG,"I've been following this game for quite some time with cautious enthusiasm and finally made the plunge and purchased the game a few days ago.  You can see an in depth play through and review at:https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC8Rq0jnAyAkf1zjDhP60ARAKey Highlights:1.  It is obvious this is game is made by a Dev team that is passionate about the project and is looking to provide as polished and fulfilling experience as they can.    There are still some kinks to be worked out, but I can state that iat this point in the Early Access process the game provides a value that matches its cost.2.  The Dev team has an easy to read/understand development timeline, and to date they have proven they can be trusted to follow through.3.  'As' is the game is fun, a nice  little way to spend a few casual afternoons, and certainly worth its price point.  A plethora of less passionate Early Access Dev's exist that would put a bow on this and be able to ethically call it complete.   I really look forward to seeing what can become of this project with this development team who seem to have the old ""Blizzard' mindset of ""It will be released when it’s done.""Bottom line:  Already fun to play, and has the potential to be an all-time great if the development plan is executed as briefed (it has been, to date).Very respectfully,Lil'Mac"
,Recommended,224440,16064536,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Sole,"This game has been on early access for two years, when i bought it a few weeks after early access launch it was already a fairly interesting game, the problem was that it was story driven, and content was only for a few hours play back then. In dialogue with the community they shifted the game more toward a sandbox game than completely story driven. The game still features many intrinsic story elements, which at release can be used to introduce the same story driven maps that were in the original tutorial map back in the day.I honestly like the way this game is going, and are looking forward to future updates. Updates come relatively often, and I feel there have been significant and helpful changes. I like where this game is going, but it may not be for everyone."
76561198060433751,Recommended,224440,13030448,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,xeen313,Been playing this off and on since release. The original scenario was amazing and I think the devs are getting back to those roots. The latest campaign has similar elements to the release but a much more expanded vision for campaigning now. The addition of items and chacater development definately adds more interactivity. If you like city building and RPG I think you'll most likely get a kick out of this game. Keep up the good work and can't wait to see updates.
,Recommended,224440,19107524,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,firefistus,"I just want to say, this game isn't finished, but the devs are very VERY good at listening to people and letting the public preview their builds.  They seem to release major builds every 2-3 months, sometimes they let us preview them early to see what we think, then make changes.  These guys just know how to make a game for us.  What they are tackling is very ambitious, and I was worried at first if they could pull it off, but I'm confident they will make it happen.I get more of a settlers feeling when I play this game, although you can tell they deffinitely want to do more with the game by the time it's done.  If you want to support them buy the game, it's already good albeit small (still in development).  But it's a good game."
,Recommended,224440,13015662,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,ActaEnak,"The tutorial is really good, although the sandbox version with maps lacks objective. pretty much have no idea what youre doing after long...no real clear direction of what to build first etc. i like the fact that i can place buildings wherever i want in the sandbox version.I want a Cultures/settlers type game and this looks promising, hopefully they dont screw it up or ill have to  change my review"
,Recommended,224440,30781867,Posted: 27 March,all,bruce_honeyman,Was skeptical cause alot of bad reviews recently on the game. Not sure why i loved the game had the town building game mixed with dungeon crawler. I loved that you could recruit characters and lvl them up and even send them to gather by killing beasts to help the town. Best game i have purchased in awhile.
76561198009423381,Recommended,224440,11612177,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Irish Kelly,"Bernard, who had been recently recruited into the town militia, grabbed a shiny new helm and leather boots, before embarking on an adventure to reclaim some kind of artifact from a monastery filled with monk werewolves.  With one swing of his mighty halberd, Bernard barely scratched the first werewolf he encountered and was killed.  While short lived, Bernard rose from the ranks of nothingness to being a great knight and protector of his people.  Truthfully, he wasn’t so great, but nonetheless, he climbed from being a simple peasant to someone with tremendous potential, even though he never realized it.Much like Bernard, Folk Tale is a game with tremendous potential as it moves forward.  Before I continue, I want to remind everyone that this is an early access game.  Numerous features and concepts have not been implemented, bugs can pop-up anywhere, and the game is far from being completed.  It can be frustrating to see an icon that has no function or to open a building detail page only to notice several upgrades are listed, but none function.  If you are not prepared or have no desire and patience for an incomplete game, do not get this game.  Unless you would like to help fund the project, then by all means, purchase this game.With that being said, Folk Tale is still an enjoyable experience if a fantasy city builder, with role-playing and questing elements is something that peaks your interest.  As of the current build, gameplay options include a campaign style tutorial, sandbox mode, and game editing.  The tutorial introduces the basics of building, economy and combat.  It is here that the RPG and questing elements are located.  The sandbox mode is what one would expect in that it provides total freedom to build your town without constraints or objectives.  This is the perfect testing ground to further learn the game and explore some of the currently available features Folk Tale has to offer.  And if neither the campaign inspired tutorial nor sandbox mode interests you, fire up the game editor and create your own content.While diverse gameplay modes and editors are great, it’s the core content that drives games into being worthwhile endeavors and consumers of our precious time.  Here is where Folk Tale has set itself up to shine.  From the moment you begin playing the game, the charming, fairy-tale inspired art direction and vibrant color palette catch and hold your attention.  The landscape and buildings come alive through color, detail and lighting (there is even day and night cycles).  The level of detail, whether it be a flower covered rolling hill, a waterfall fed stream with a pedestrian bridge, a newly constructed building or even a simple peasant, is visual treat.  While exploring the land, small, satisfying details are reviled, such enterable buildings that are alive with people and props, which make you want to continue on and see what else is down the road.  The sound is also on par with the great visuals.  The town is alive with the sounds of foot-steps, birds chirping, flowing water, wind and much more.  Once zoomed in close, brief conversations and dialogue from different peasants can be over-heard, much of it quite humorous.  The soundtrack playing in the background also does an excellent job of drawing you into the Folk Tale world with its whimsical melodies.Nice visuals and sounds alone are not enough to push a game into the realm of worthiness.  For that, there must be great gameplay mechanics and features.  With the present build, Folk Tale is just barely achieving that level.  Presently, a variety of buildings can be constructed and the basic economy system is up and running.  For example, you can build a mill and farms to harvest wheat, which in turn is taken to the stock pile to be stored and later collected by the baker so toast can be produced.  This system of intermingling buildings to produce a usable product is well received.  It’s no so overly complicated that excessive micro-managing of every aspect of life is required, but there is enough to keep you busy and engaged.  However, many other buildings and features, such as upgrades and research, have not been implemented in the current build, but the blueprint is there.  This can be frustrating at times, but as I said before, the game is still being developed and being able to see what is down the road is promising.One of the most promising and intriguing features are the RPG elements.  Going back to Bernard, I was pleasantly surprised when I selected him and noticed he was a named character.  In looking around the town, I noticed everyone, from the baker to the woodcutter to the barmaid, had a name.  While some where recycled, they each had a name nonetheless.  Beyond that, the foundation for character leveling, special abilities and inventory management was present too.  The farmers leveled up the more the fields were worked, the militia men leveled up after defeating enemies, and so it was for the rest of the working town folks.  Individual character Inventories could be accessed, which allowed for items, such as better armor or weapons, to be provided.  This in turn raised stats such as strength and armor, among other things.  And each different character, depending on their present occupation, had special abilities that could be activated.  For example, the town priest could heal units or pacify enemy units after activating some of his abilities.  Frustrating, many of these features are present, but not implemented into the current game build.  But knowing these will someday be implemented provides tremendous promise and intrigue.All in all, Folk Tale is a visually appealing game with massive potential.  It could become one of those rare games which successfully fuses different aspects of some of the most beloved game types into one cohesive unit all while still being unique.  However, time will tell as development is 45% complete at the present time.  Concerning whether or not you should buy this game, I’d say it depends to your level of patience with early access games and your interest level in city building, light PRG, and strategy gaming.  If you can deal with this game being a work-in-progress and have an interest in this style of game, then I’d say it’s a definite purchase.  For being incomplete and sometimes frustrating do to non-implemented features in the current build, I can honestly say I have enjoyed my time and can’t what to explore the finished world of Folk Tale."
76561198042913113,Recommended,224440,30991151,Posted: 6 April,all,caidicus,"A Surprisingly Fun Hybrid of RTS and ARPGThough still a little rough around the edgesFolk Tale is a pretty funny game. That's probably a good way to start off describing it. It is a tongue-in-cheek parody of many of the city builder norms, with writing that often breaks the fourth wall with self awareness, constantly referencing the player as a God named Bob. I wasn't outright laughing at any of the humour, but none of it was lost on me either, and the humour was just another aspect of the game that gave it its overall charm.Speaking of presentation, the game looks really nice, with a cartoon-like middle earth setting. The character models and building models all look pretty decent, if not slightly dated. That being said, I was pleased by the overall aesthetic of the game, as it all just works together.There's quite a bit of voice acting in the game, and happily, it's done excellently, with a Monty Python's esque gritty English to it. None of it sounds amateur, which helps to build on the immersion and the humour of it all.If only performance were as good as presentationThis game is still in early access, and from what I can tell by the negative reviews, it's been in early access for a long time, much to the dismay of many negative review posters. I would say my biggest issue with the game is that there is slowdown over time. I have a village with 130 some odd villagers. All of them are rendered, walking around, and mixed with dozens, if not hundreds of wild animals and monsters constantly walking around the map.Over time, the game becomes more and more choppy, though I found saving, closing out the game, and reloading it made my FPS feel more solid. For the record, my computer is pretty mid-level, with a GTX 1070, 16 gigs of high performance ram, an i7 4770, and running the game from an SSD drive. I feel like my computer should be able to handle the game a bit better, but maybe performance optimizations will be the developer's last major step, who knows.On the bright side, the game didn't crash on me, in my 5 hours of straight playing, though, as mentioned above, slowdown became an issue.Ok, enough about that performance stuff, what about the gameplay?I haven't played the campaign mode, but I did play the tutorial first, then jumped right into the sandbox mode. I do like me some sandboxes, and this one didn't disappoint.Immediately, armed with the knowledge imparted on me by the tutorial, I set about making buildings, assigning villagers to jobs, and having my heros (you start with 2, and it stays that way, as far as I can tell) do some light scouting. I found myself quickly upgrading buildings, researching new technologies, and seeking out more resources to increase the speed of my resource gain. My only gripe with the map I was on was that there was only one iron mine. This meant that all my resources were gaining so fast, while my iron was a constant and annoying bottleneck.Still, that didn't change the fact that I completely enjoyed all building up my village and even bringing my heroes into two dungeons to experience the ARPG aspect of the game. Speaking of which, the ARPG aspect is pretty solid. You take your heroes into a dungeon, and you're suddenly in a new, smaller map, clearing the dungeon of monsters and reaping whatever rewards you loot from their corpses. It's not thebestARPG experience I've ever had, but it's certainly good enough to make me glad it's in the game.So, would I recommend the game to others?I suppose that depends on how ""finished"" you expect the game to be. I had quite a lot of fun with it for those 5 hours I played it. In fact, the time went by so quickly, I suddenly realized I was not going to have much time to sleep before work. I don't experience that very often, as I usually have a VERY hard time getting into a game.If you're ok with the price for what you get now, a very solid city builder, I would say go for it. If you want the fasted development on the planet, you might want to wait. As I mentioned above, there is a pretty solid negative review userbase that almost entirely laments how long the game has been in early access.For me, I already feel like it gave me the emotional videogame joy that I wanted out of it, and as I said before, that is not an easy thing for me to achieve anymore."
76561198020357721,Not Recommended,224440,13567659,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Frigoberto,"The game is Early Access but unless you're really into this particular title, the actual gameplay is lacking. For $25 you can get a lot more gameplay out of other finished titles, before spending the money on (at best) 3-4 hours of Folk tale.The game has potential solid mechanics and gameplay, there just isn't enough present to warrant the price, unless you just want to donate for the games potential future success years down the line."
76561198080085916,Not Recommended,224440,14129186,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Armyfreak3,"Folk Tale is a game that had the potential to be one of the best city builders ever. The art was a fresh detour from the norm, and the RPG aspect gave the game a more active feel. It is because of these specific things and all the pontential that I'm sad to say: this game has no direction. When is say that, I don't mean it has no direction in the sense that it lacks an attainable goal, nor do I mean that it is akin to Minecraft--the game that made directionless fun popular; Folk Tale is somewhere between what the devs said they were doing, and what a niche in the community wanted. This game doesn't deliver an immersive city building experience--in a fantasy setting, because of an impotent AI that doesn't work half the time; however, Folk Tale also doesn't deliver on its adopted promise to be a great sandbox game, because it has a particular fantasy, RPG/RTS feel to it that requires a strong, immersive base to stand alone in the sandbox enviroment. Even when you ignore the broken AI, odd development choices, and lack of clear direction, Folk Tale still suffers from a start/stop update cycle that adds incomplete, often empty features; during my time in Folk Tale it was common for me to come across a menu option, or tab and be met with ""not avalible in this version of Folk Tale."" The worst instance of this came when I attempted to change the scroll speed in-game; I quickly discovered that the control menu didn't exist, but the menu tab for controls was present.All things considered, I can ignore the fact that this game isn't what I originally paid for, that it still isn't even close to being a true playable beta, or even that many pieces of the current build are either broken/barely working. The reason I can't reccomend this game is because the developers lied; the developers lied--and continue to lie--because they refuse to admit that they've messed up. The developers pretend  that everything is as it should be, and that the game is progressing steadily; the truth is that this game will likely never be released, and if it is will likely be riddled with bugs and unfinished content. Today I gave this game a final chance to impress me after waiting almost a full year for it to be developed more. Today I finally let go of any final hope that Folk Tale will be anything to me, but another reason I don't trust or wish to support indie developers.In my humble opinion I would not reccomend purchasing this game, even once released--if it ever is--I would strongly advise anyone to steer clear of it.Do not waste your money."
76561197964540950,Recommended,224440,186741,"Posted: 3 June, 2013",all,Tobbe,"awesome village building game, you must buy it now!"
76561198002420216,Recommended,224440,10504010,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Robin,Where to begin. FolkTale has become improved greatly. I haven't played it for too long so I still don't have the best experience but I will say that this game has improved massively since launch. You can now build your own world (Which I have no clue how to do but the option is there) and your own character which isnt exactly at the level of Skyrims but then again this game doesnt have the funding of Skyrim. The story isnt exactly a masterpiece but it is passible. This game has a large choice of things to do and by large I mean MASSIVE. Since my first review the game has earned the title of Village Builder RPG and it is a more enjoyable game to play. Even if you aren't going to buy as of this point of time I would keep an eye on the developer and Folk Tale as I have seen massive improvments to the game unmatched by most others. This game doesnt get anywhere near the amount of attention it deserves. Though it isn't perfect it sure isn't a bad game I am can promise you it will continue to improve judging by the features already added. One last thing you need a BUFF PC to be able to play this at 60fps despite its cartoonish look. Overall I rate Folk Tale 8/10 for its ever improving gameplay.
76561198007855446,Recommended,224440,11464913,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,DarkAngelFurioso,"Early 2014 review:The rate of release is too slow. Dev blogs come out fairly swiftly, but what is actually being done? Not a lot. Come back in a year and check it's progress. I am thoroughly sorry I paid you guys any money at this point. I completely understand Early Access but nowhere did it say ""please buy our game and sit with no content to enjoy for years"" So in my opinion thats a crock. Do some actual programming and coding work, get this thing done. Anyone worth their salt would have had a playable product by now.Edit: State of Game June 2015. Game looks a lot more like a game now. Much of what was originally promised in the videos is not implemented yet and for how long it took to get free building, proper character action, and 1 hero...we probably wont see the rest of it for quite some time.That said, Folk Tale is an awful lot more enjoyable now than it was a year ago. There are actual RPG elements coming into play now. I personally feel like Folk Tale is trying to make too many people happy. The focus is too broad. I certainly hope Games Foundry can deliver, but it's a tall order. You guys want to create a RTS, city builder/management, with RPG elements. This is really hard to do and the time to implement all of this might be enormous.My suggestion for the time being is if you enjoy following a project in development go ahead and get this. You'll be following it for a while yet. If you are not patient and expect what you see in the marketing videos to be playable in game, you will be disappointed."
,Recommended,224440,11466659,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Major Pingu,"EDIT (15/06/2015): Well, this turned quite well. After some long months away from Folk Tale I can only say I was pleasantly surprised with how much the game has changed for the better.Everything I said in my old review of the game (posted below) was improved. Now there's a pretty solid sandbox mode with a lot of different buildings available, a working save/load game, and overall a great game that will consume some hours of fun playing.Although still in development, now it really gives me something to look for in the future. Made me a believer again. Here's hoping to a continually good development.(OLD REVIEW) The game itself has a great potential. The only problem is the rate of development. It's really, REALLY slow. Like I-bought-this-game-a-year-ago-and-too-little-was-added slow. So far it's only available a tutorial (that shows a lot of the upcoming final game, with some great gameplay mechanics), a really incomplete sandbox mode, with a lot of things not yet implemented (you can't even save/load) and nothing more.Sure, it's early access, but compared to other dev teams that usually send out various updates with a lot of content, it's quite bad. I only ask for a functional sandbox mode. Buy at your own risk.TL;DR: Awesome ideas/gameplay; still very incomplete; slow game development."
76561198001784686,Recommended,224440,14263252,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Beaghan,"I've had it a long time, probably about 2 years now? and they do update it often. tons of poterntial but currently still lacking many features. The devs improve it often enough and show a great interest in their game and for that I can give it a positive. It is still missing features but I'm sure that they'll continue adding them and it'll be a great game when finished. If you're ok with early access then you might want to check it out, especially when it goes on sale..12/18/15 the game keeps getting better"
76561198014698760,Recommended,224440,16921960,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Dr.GA,"I have to give props to the devs of this game.  I've been reviewing my greenlight profile and half, if not more, of the games that were greenlite around the time this one was the devs had abandoned the game and started working on their ""new project"".... and looking at the piles of crap that have been coming through greenlight lately I'm glad the devs of this game are still trying to make an actual good game instead of just trying to cash in, even though the pace is kinda slow.For now I'll give thumbs up, but that is with the stipulation that the devs actually follow through with what they intend for the game and don't just give up."
,Recommended,224440,7911102,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Synkkä (OFFENSIVE),"My first impressions of the game 2 years ago were nothing but negative. The controls were wonky, the game was prone to crashing, and there wasn't much gameplay to speak of. At the time, I believe the price for the game was about $20, so I wrote up a brief negative review as to pay proper respects to my wasted money.Now, however, the game is far closer to what I initially expected when I first purchased the game. It's fairly entertaining, has charming voice acting (No more toast jokes either as far as I can see), and I'm genuinely interested to see what else the developers have in store. I recommend this game to anyone looking for a more personalized, RPG-like strategy game."
76561198027868413,Recommended,224440,9812639,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Kinhelos,"My original review ""Not worth the money yet"" has been cast aside. I was recently invited back to the game and was pleasantly surpized at what i saw, there is not a whole lot of depth to the game yet. But the developers show extreme promise, what with the updates and all. The new format is grand to play with and i look forward to seeing more!"
,Recommended,224440,16586291,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,multi_coder,"This game is rather neat, but still has a bit too much lag for my liking. It has all of the basic elements it is supposed to have, just needs to be streamlined, so for a alpha it is what it is supposed to be.To get this game to past the main menu lag start it with one of the following options, when windowssays that the game has crashed go put some blue berry waffles in the toaster, and stare at them.The game loaded up by the time the waffles where done. I chose a map then started eating the waffles. Once I had eaten the waffles (And told windows a few times to wait... its not broke its just loading slow) the game had loaded.-force-d3d11-force-d3d9If you need my specs for some reason here they are:Specs:AMD Phenom II X6 1055T Processor 2.80ghz @ 6 cores8 gb ram64 Bit Win 7AMD Radeon HD 6670"
,Recommended,224440,15739412,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Blueray Devin,"I been wanting to try this game for a while but never thought about buying it until yesterday, since it went on sale and I was all hooray its on sale I can finally test it out.1. Tutorial map is easy and you get the hang of the game if you start on that map first, not like me who was all ooh okay load this easy one and try to figure out how to play.2. Village pictures are all bald men even for the women when clicked on Oo3. Rotation is pretty slow and clunky it takes foreeeeeeever just to turn the map around in order to see a different angle.4. Micromanagement is not fun. I do not want to keep lashing or rewarding my workers to keep productivity up, though I do like the research idea that increases productivity. Get rid of the Lash and Reward, keep the research.5. No matter how many taverns I put out to give villagers fun, there never seems to be enough fun and they all end up leaving the village cos it sucks. I even had all the research done on the taverns and that did nothing to help the situation at all.6. Sometimes it crashes.7. The storage house has research but sadly you can't do any of it, the same goes for the barracks you can't do any of the research on that either.Edit:After the responses from the Developers some time ago I have continued to play Folk Tale, and in addition I have also put out videos on youtube of me going over some of the points and gameplay. I can only say this game continues to improve despite slow progress, so far I've been doing the experimental builds and honestly like how things are going so far.Games Foundry also watch my videos for any points that I make, and have often left me tips and hings in the comment section to help me on my way. Which I can only say this is pretty top notch of them, so in this regard I will continue to play and video Folk Tale with each new update and review the changes.I have changed my recommendation from No to Yes."
76561198049437114,Recommended,224440,7889965,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,lancaster910,"[Edit]:  The game has changed dramatically since I first purchased it when it was first released.  It is still definitely in early development, so if you're looking for a finished product I would steer clear, but there is now definitely enough there to tinker with to manage to get some enjoyment out of."
,Recommended,224440,10519241,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Sion,An alright game if you can put a couple of hours into it
76561198076683097,Recommended,224440,13984708,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Authority Zero,Not as horrible as it was a year ago.
,Recommended,224440,14283502,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Bullhone,"{READ TO THE END } I bought this game and all i got was A DEMO LIKE GAME I can not upgrade my builds can  not craft the items that some builds craft. make this short i can't do much but only build lvl one buildings . i can build the walls to stone but if i put on turnbuckles they target my city .yes my own deference attacks my village. not happy with this at this time ,,,,,,,,,,  Upadates and dev listing to the players have make this a fun game . nice mangent system of you village .Start out slow and do some planing and your village well grow lots of fun I enjoy playing this game .."
,Recommended,224440,8498590,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Just Another Gamer,After comming back to this game from about a year ago I can say that this  game has progressed nicely. When I bought this game It was intialy very underwellming but It has improved trmendously. I have had a good time with this game and would buy this again when it goes on sale.
,Recommended,224440,11969478,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Sabard,Apparently it doesn't work at all on a mac that is more than 2 years old.
,Recommended,224440,14167778,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Caius Cosades,"EDIT OF ORIGINALMy original review was for an almost just released version, since then it has improved drastically!All my complaints have been dealt with since the latest version, so now I can get back to my favorite part of these kind of sims; making nice, quaint, little towns."
76561198038953250,Recommended,224440,13973184,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,stonewood2011,"It's beautiful. It's a city-builder RPG that plays like an RTS. It's Folk Tale.For a company with only 9 developers, only one of them being a programmer, this is amazing. It takes a long time for this game to develop, but it is already looking nicely. Artstyle is glorious, and the idea is great. They are focusing on gameplay now, and they are adding several gameplay enhancements and mechanics.The game still has a long way to from the time of writing this, january 2015, but I believe that they will get there and this will become an awesome game.Be sure to be watching the developer streams on wednesday(previously on sunday), to pick up the latest development progress and ask questions to the developers.Edit: To anyone wondering if you cansave in sandbox, the answer is YES, via console. Look for the console guide on their website. It might say that it doesn't fully work, but it does work. In fact, right now, it's almost bug-free."
,Recommended,224440,15605950,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,I would luck me,"The game is far from complete.""Of course, it's Early Access, dingus.""Yes. I know. Which is why I changed my review from just ""meh"" to how glad I am to see that the developers still take care of this promising game. They are always there on the forums to remind people that, yes, this game is still being worked on. The updates are a little slow, but that's to be expected with this type of game."
76561198098375295,Recommended,224440,16922653,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,alaskantallywilson,"saying yes to the potential, got some bugs to work out (i.e. armor does very little in the game and some weapons are unattainable without random chest help) but it is a fun time killer."
,Recommended,224440,22817482,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Werewolf Banana,"As of August 8th, 2016, the game is enjoyable and playable. I used to not recommend this game, but I have changed my mind. When the project lead asked to contact me it made me realize that he actually gives a ♥♥♥♥ about what people think. That being said, he's not asking for money. He's not asking me to suck his♥♥♥♥♥♥like EA or Activision. He's not throwing me off out onto the street like a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. That's respect. So I've changed my mind.PROS:+Great atmosphere+Nice voice acting+Awesome loot system (Every peasant in the game has their own inventory)+Wonderful build mechanics+Unlimited building+It's great to know that every villager has their own jobCONS:-I'm not a fan of map editor so that being said, more maps would be great."
76561198068875638,Recommended,224440,19807193,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Bo Bear,"Folk Tale, in 3 points, is a great game, has extreme potential, and still has a ways to go.These developers (though a small team) are truly dedicated to this game, they will not give up, and have plenty of great ideas for both short and long-term growth. This is a large world, and the options are continuously growing!More buildings, units, races, quests and adventure are to come, and this team is pouring in the hours.If you want a game that is good from the start, but will grow with you, adding more content down the road for constant exploration- becoming great- this is it."
76561198031481122,Recommended,224440,14433474,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Fishkeeper01,"Ok, so my first review was on Feb 11, 2015. It was for a very different game from the one that currently exists. That game was essentially a tutorial that wasn't complete and couldn't be saved. And it got a negative review from me because of these things, and because of changes made that seemed to confuse the game's center. Now, however, the game is much more filled-out. I will note that this game is a LOT like The Settlers, most specifically the single Settlers game I've actually played through (6, Rise of an Empire). Not exactly a clone of the game, but definitly in the same general region of Sandbox-Campaign gaming.It's worth a play, even if it's far from complete at this time.0) Overall - 7/10 - Campaign is small but has a lot of potential if they can expand it across multiple maps and over about 12 more hours worth of space. Sandbox is fun, needs bigger maps. Combat is poor, but workable. City Building has some issues, but is overall a very fun and functional aspect of the game.1) Campaign - 5/10 - The Campaign certaintly shows promise. As of right now it's fairly short and seems to just be a number of placeholder missions to keep the Dev Team aware of what the campagn is meant to be. So while it has a decent overall plotline the campaign is short, fairly flimsy overall, and doesn't give you the impact needed for a solid game campaign. Hopefully this will be expanded as the game continues.2) Sandbox - 7/10 - I've just started playing the Sandbox mode, and so far I'm enjoying it. I won't lie and say it's perfect (it's not lol) but it is fairly fun and I do enjoy building cities and the like. They need to add some more features (roads would be nice, as would more types and teir of building) but for the most part the sandbox has no issues. [This is Subject to Change as I play through the 3 Sandbox Maps]3) Factions - 7/10 - The factions are rather unimaginative overall. Undead v Fae Folk. On the surface it's pretty bland, but if you look a little deeper you'll find that it actually has some decent points for both sides being in a Gray&Grey morality. Needs work on that aspect though - Greed v Self Defense doesn't leave much space for Gray&Grey. It would also be nice if there was a third factions (besides your own) that was fully neutral and could be interacted with. Finally, being able to create peace between the two factions would also be a nice touch.4) Combat - 4/10 - Combat is... not very pleasant to be honest. Heroes are hard to level up past a certai point, but by that same token there isn't any cost of losig a hero (or units in general for that matter). Training them doesn't have an expense, and you don't lose items when your units die in battle. If every time a hero died they lost off of their gear it would be decidedly more difficult and much more important to keep the hero alive. By that same token, if City Watch units died and lost items it would make people more careful about losing them. If that was the only issue it would be fine, however the inability for heroes to self-activate their special moves is rather annoying and leads to more deaths than is really needed. Maybe I'm just not good enough xD5) City Building - 8/10 - City building is fun. As a city builder this definitly ranks with some of the other games I've played. However, it is not without it's (rather large) assortment of flaws and weak points. The biggest of those is the complete lack of roads. Without placable roads that buildings lock to (which was/is my favorite feature in The Settlers games) city planning is a haphazard thing at best. With proper roads and road-locking players could build cities with a lot more planning and functionality than we currenty can. Another issue I have is the space needed between buildings. Granted, the games I usually play that are like this (TheSettlers & Banished) allow buildings that are rammed right up to each other and both have a well-designed road mechanic, but still. There shouldn't need to be enough space between two buildings to cram an entirely different building.6) World Map - ?/10 - This feature is only partially implemented, but oh boy do I like the look of it! If the world map does what I expect it to do, it'll enable more kinds of city, larger and smaller map sizes, and a dozen other cool features. I really hope that it means we will get to see a campaign that's spread across multiple maps with different types of landscapes and creatures to fight, trade, and otherwise interact with.7) Custom - ?/10 - Haven't tried this yet, it's on my list."
,Recommended,224440,12165364,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,RadioComrade,"OLD REVIEWNot at all. This game went from what I wanted in a village sim/adventure game but then they completley turned it into what I don't like. This game is why I dont but early access anymore. when I bought it way back when it was being pitched as quest oriented rpg/rts something that I was very interested in. Then they took out almost all of the RPG aspects then made it a sandbox games. Sandbox is cool and all, but as the main aspect of the game I feel as though I have been baited and switched. I do like sandbox mode on a RTS but I wanted a mission oriented one. Kinda like Tropico, Age of Empires, etc...NEW REVIEWEDIT: The developers have come around and completely made me eat my words. The RPG elements are back with a vengence and now you have the option to sanbox if you like but it isn't the full focus of the game like it was before, the game is enjoyable, good to look at, and fun to play. I look forward to later updates and putting more hours into this game."
,Not Recommended,224440,16904930,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Syrsly,"Abandonware in Early Access.I liked where the game was headed when I bought it a long time ago, but now, it's still that unfinished, incomplete RTS/RPG combo I played long ago.  Not much has changed, and the devs aren't even selling the game any more."
,Not Recommended,224440,12933663,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Raptor Jesus,"I decided to give this game another try to see how the progress is, and I have to say I am VERY disappointed with it so far.It feels like to me its another Age of Empires 3 game with fresh coat of The Settlers 7: Paths to a Kingdom paint on it. In my first review it had it unique idea of being the ultra medival sandbox game of decade that Stronghold 3 should of been. But no instead we're given this while the game is 70% done so far.Here's what I don't like, to get straight to the point:-The music has changed from a nice and soft melody to a bland and boring soundtrack-The UI is small and clunky that even trying to change the size of the UI makes it feel too big.-The Gameplay resembles a lot of AOE 3 (which isn't a bad game but it wasn't a good game either).    To be more specific its VERY VERY SLOW at the start for its sandbox mode.-Graphics seem to be dated and ashy gray; it looks like it took a step backwards than when I first purchased the game in July 2013.-Development of this game is crazy slow. I bought the game when it was around 25-30% complete (Estimating).I don't like it. I'm not impressed and I'm disappointed at where this game has gone."
76561197988500417,Not Recommended,224440,13837900,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Koning Timur,"Alas I have to change my review from a positive to a negitive one. I bought the game when it still was a comical rpg storydriven sandbox, which was great and was what i really wanted, only to see now it has been changed into a lifeless and boring pure sandbox game. Wish i wouldnt have bought it 2 years ago....."
,Not Recommended,224440,18668664,"Posted: 24 October, 2015",all,yanamal,"Where are the RPG elements?.. let alone ""fully explorable building/dungeon interiors and an adventure-focused RPG component""?..Right now this seems to be just a city builder with an overly elaborate food system (several different types of food that give you satistfaction bonuses if you present a diverse, with different options for how to provide them, but apparently you should totally build out all of them and use them all because the tutorial said so.but! there *is* (in some configurations) this totally separate hero dude whom you can make walk around and kill things when you are bored of waiting for villagers to do stuff. And he gains levels for killing stuff! and then you can choose to assign a skill point! SO that's an RPG element I guess?.. until he inevitably dies from clunky controls (and OP poison) and you discover that you can also send hordes of villagers to do the same thing if you really want.Meanwhile for a resource management game, it does not give me nearly enough tools or information to 'debug' my resource flows. Made me appreciate Prison Architect that much more for its great tools for both micromanagement (e.g. following a prisoner/set of prisoners around and actually being able to discern bottlenecks) and macro summaries."
76561198041215574,Not Recommended,224440,15703024,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Saype,Forever in early access. I dont think i would be ever able to play this game.
76561197972203838,Not Recommended,224440,9639973,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,サヤカsa,"i do not SOFA KING recomend this game DO NOT BUY IT !this was one of the first green lit games ive bought, at first it looks promising and with many updates and features to be added later.....then 6 months pass by they decided to scrap the story line and switch it to sandbox like envrionment....now many many many months later itz on sale.....even though it says early access u should probably wait till game is completed b4 buying it.seriously they had this game on here this long and not much has changed u seriously think that after more time they will implement anything else? itz more likely they just gonna scrap this project and move to a new one.....DONT LISTEN TO THE POSITIVE FEEDBACKS LIKE:""oh how can you criticize a game in such early stages?!"" ""this is such a wonderful game!""^---ppl that talk like this probably work for da company or get some kind of incentive....if finally u really are considering to get this game cuz itz medival and funny....go buy dungeons 2....it at least have all those elements and probably better......ps: if u made this game i want a SOFA KING REFUND!"
76561198078912484,Not Recommended,224440,32608754,Posted: 20 June,all,Kc40k,"I did not but the game a few years ago, but less than a year ago. So most of my critique is on gameplay:-RPG character management is cool, but undercooked in terms of options-City building is alright, but lacking in balance and depth- Biggest flaw in my opinion: Everything involving CombatHow? Well firstly, managing your heroes in battle is just as mind-numbing as an MMO (so it's OK). But then there is defending your town, which is ridiculous. Your non-hero units are pitifully weak, and only serve as meat shields. Your Heroes, who are normally busy on quests, are the only useful units. SO this means your village can have your peasants slaughtered, and buildings destroyed, on a regular basis.Then there are the dens that spawn enemy units which attack your village. There's no way to permanently stop them as you grow outward. You can temporarily destroy them, but they will shortly fill up. So, after a few hours, your village is crippled by constant, unfair attacks.-Graphics are meh-Managing peasant needs is shallow/boringAll around, even if you ignore the MANY years of Alpha, this game is just not worth it."
,Not Recommended,224440,32491471,Posted: 16 June,all,t895zx,"Nope, nope, and a whole lot of nope.This is a classic scenario of the developer trying to boil the water."
,Not Recommended,224440,35343366,Posted: 30 September,all,caoimhín ó raghallaigh,"boring and skimpy with gammy, badly implemented gameplay. reading the other reviews i had no idea about some of the shenanigans the devs were getting up to.i cant remember how much it cost but it probably wasnt worth it."
,Recommended,224440,3376035,"Posted: 2 June, 2013",all,iGZ`Mumzhar,"Could become a really good and interesting game. At the moment (june 2013), it' still in pre-alpha stage with less than one hour of gameplay. Check it again in a few months."
76561197996448427,Recommended,224440,15054092,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Martha,Great game and getting better every month.
76561198069668726,Recommended,224440,18702255,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,KINGintheNORTH,I have been in 100% support of this game since i bought it in 2013 to help out the devs and i believe they are on a path to a great game with many possibilities. The progress has been slow throughout the years buts that's what you get with an game in EA.To all the ♥♥♥♥heads out there who 1. Do not understand what EA means 2. Buys a game then gives a bad review because they didnt read it b4 hand 3. Wants the game to be in full release at purchase.♥♥♥♥ off ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s just becasue the game hasnt come out yet doesn't give you the right to demand things from the devs you have the refund policy so if you dont like it just return it but don't yell at the devs because you dont agree with them!I still after all this time support this game 100% it has been a while but this is the game I have always really wanted to play and i hope all these idiots WHO DONT KNOW HOW TO ENGLISH just read the disclaimer before crying and whining like big babies.KEEP IT UP DEVS JUST SEND THESE PEASANTS BACK TO THEIR FIELDS WHERE THEY BELONG
76561198026305053,Recommended,224440,11627318,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Dryxis,"I want to preface this with the game is very much an early access game, so unless you really want to support the devs I DO NOT SUGGEST BUYING IT YET.This is a very promising game in a lot of ways. When I first played it I thought ""yes, I can get behind this easily, so long as they fix the massive lack of features and bugs.""I'm rewriting my review to better reflect the game. Its an awesome experience, and the devs are on top of things for the most part. The releases seem rather slow in a lot of ways, or so I felt at first. Theirs a lot of key features that seem absent (managing your units is an awful time, saving has to be done through the console, etc). In reality, they are trying to flesh out the sandbox aspect, and in turn a lot of the basic things fall behind. The little things that make it easy to pick up and play (no descriptions for buildings, no explanations of why someone cant equip an item, etc). If you read a lot of the posts they are focusing on fleshing out the actual game, which from what I can tell plays pretty good. Just don't expect to jump right in and know whats going on, and spend a lot of time micromanaging and finding your villagers (which is the most frustrating part)"
,Recommended,224440,17449062,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,SimR,"To whom this may concern,I've decided to redo this review, a third time. This time, not because anybody asked, but because I felt the game deserved one for shot. So, here I go.The game is fun, it will hold your attention, and it has DEFINENTLY improved over time. This is, after all, early access. But of course, it has its flaws. I thought this game to be a waste at first, of money and time. But, maybe I was just tough on it.I found the game to be easy, but then again, maybe I'm just good. Folk Tale had a certain charm to it. But, this didnt mean it was perfect. I had trouble with alot of the controls, and the tutorial helped a little, but I was still confused. Now, after playing a while longer, I created my game. I had fun, for awhile atleast. Handled the placement bugs, the bears, yada yada yada. But, eventually, sooner than expected, I hit the point where the game is complete. I've done everything, only too easy. At this point, I stopped and, said ""Ok, that was fun for awhile"". Deciding that I didnt wish to continue playing. Maybe I just dont like the game, not my cup of tea.I would recommend to get this game, on sale, or to get it and, make sure you decide wether you like it or not before you've gone past the TIME OF NO RETURN (2 hours). But if you like Town building, or are able to just connect with your characters, I think you'll like it.If I could tell the dev team anything, I'd tell them to continue working hard. To keep adding and, adding. A few bug fixes, and some updates, and this game will certainly be great.Sincerly,Mastersimoligy"
76561198069522708,Not Recommended,224440,25594916,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,Alchemouflage,"""Village builder RPG"". I expected some sort of almost Sims management game. 3d Fallout Shelter. Something with some individual character depth, and customisation of villages.Instead this is snail paced Warcraft 3 campaigns styled game.-Collect resources, with a Banished level of needs and supply chains.-No choice of starting hero. And the enemies will outscale your hero, so you dont want to level him up.-The barracks requires a 4th base resource that is pretty much not needed anywhere else, so it feels further down the tech tree than is needed."
76561198060552276,Not Recommended,224440,21806187,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,JucronS,"This game was very promissing at first, but It is just taking too long to finish. I see no reason for you to buy it, just wait for the final release."
76561198037221731,Not Recommended,224440,21804424,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Yunieson,Not much of a story line and can't adventure as you please. Needs a lot fo updates but still hoping for this game to get better.
,Recommended,224440,20570098,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Old faithful,Will forever be in early access... I hope they never stop adding more to the game!
,Recommended,224440,20598184,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Guardious,"The reviews are mixed but this is early access, as of this writing I stayed away for about 2 years when it was first released and the game is REALLY improved! From gameplay to the campaign, it's really coming along , this will be the new settlers series but even better! I really love where it's going. From then to now the game has hugly improved, good for the devs, keep going and this will easly fit the AAA titles out there!"
76561198045075775,Not Recommended,224440,34411688,Posted: 22 August,all,Magnus,"Folk tale is the reason I don't do early access games anymore. I forked out for this many years ago, and it has only recently reached the halfway point. The game itself is not bad, however I would not recommend purchasing it until final release... which might be around the time the next Elder Scrolls is released. Maybe."
76561198043662701,Not Recommended,224440,34540642,Posted: 27 August,all,Antares,"Literally in disbelief that this game is still in EA. I bought this years ago, played it for a bit then uninstalled it in the hopes they'd have a finished product at some point. Decided to pick it up again and give it a whirl. The game in itself is pretty fun, I'll give it that. I enjoy the mechanics, I enjoy watching a settlement go from 5 people standing around a campfire to a bustling town with over 100 settlers, walls, towers and a sizeable armed force. To an extent it's one of those games where some of the fun is derived from your own imagination.There is some substance here, some potential for a great game too but I'd caution against purchasing this game until more substantial progress is made. Hate to say this but thus far this game is starting to look a bit like Unsung Story."
,Not Recommended,224440,34516764,Posted: 26 August,all,Hollow,"The graphics and UI look great and the concept is attractive too. Unfortunately there's just not a full game here. It's riddled with bugs and just feels unfinished. Replay value is extremely limitied due to the lack of maps and lack of variation on each map load (there isn't any - they're the same map each time).I'm pretty sure the game is abaondoned, which is a shame because it's not THAT far away from being a decent title. There have been no updates for 4 months and the latest news is that there won't be any more work done on the game until December 2017 at the very earliest.I haven't used it myself but I'm led to believe the map editor is excellent, which could provide some additional gameplay even if development ceases permanently but the residual bugs would still hamper the experience significantly.It's been taken off sale at the moment, but if it pops up again in the near future I'd steer clear until it's had the rest of the game fleshed out."
76561198096078699,Not Recommended,224440,34827365,Posted: 8 September,all,dinoV,It started off as a great game but now it's just garbage...don't waste your money
76561198016715450,Not Recommended,224440,34983402,Posted: 15 September,all,Orgomon,"Was complete rubbish, now it's officially dead.Bought the game at the times devs had nice humour in it. They completely reworked it into a very average RTS a couple of month later. There has been nothing fun in it since the 2014."
,Not Recommended,224440,34868607,Posted: 10 September,all,TJofLannister,"Alas this is a classic example of Early Access gone wrong. The game is incomplete and dead, don't waste your money."
,Recommended,224440,28705359,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Ironside,Just bought this game and love it to death! so much fun... I stayed up all night have to go to work soon. Sign of a good game! I am not sure why people need a tactical pause... seems like an odd deal breaker for people.
76561198006915830,Not Recommended,224440,35406542,Posted: 1 October,all,Ary,"Development hell, enought said."
,Recommended,224440,16696140,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,LoveLifeLive,"HUGE potential, i have it in my Library waiting for the official release, had a play about with it and like where it's going.If you like City Builders and RPGs then this is for you."
76561198064523332,Recommended,224440,15116383,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,jbarker.33.jb,"This game is good.  It still has some issues, but you can still enjoy it.  The devs post pretty regualr updates and but out blogs/videos to let the community know what's going on.  I had't played in a few months and playing over the weekend has made me more excited to see the final product.  Right now it's sandbox, I hope they bring back the story/campaign soon, but I'm beyond satisfied with what is currently available.I bought it a year ago and still enjoy it, even with the bugs and only having sandbox."
76561198104457496,Recommended,224440,20189737,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,n4usicaa,Nice game - love the way of story-telling and dialogues;
,Recommended,224440,15170058,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Plague,"I wrote a review for this game back on April 2 and at the time I did not recommend this game.  It was not due b/c of poor content or lack of updates, but I felt the game had not been developed enough.  To me, it seemed that Folk Tale was missing some basic features.  Now that I am playing it again a month later; I want to update this review.In the April review I listed a few concerns/issues that I had.  There were:1) Lack of right clicking the screen to move the map.2) Main resources not on the main screen.  I would have to go into menu system to view this important information.3) Easily calling soldiers to the fight.Here is my update, plus a few things for a wish list.1)  Even though the devs never put in a right click and hold feature to move the map quickly like in most RTS games, they did implement a ""shift"" function.  You still move the map with WASD keys normally.  To traverse the map more quickly, you still use the WASD keys but also hold shift.  At 1st I didn't know if I would like this, but I will say that this works pretty well.I have been told in the next few patches they are going to refine this feature further to give the player more control.  (Will be able to adjust speed of the camera, etc.)2) They fixed this.  The important rescores (wood, stone, iron, food) are all on the main screen, plus more.3) This one is kind of sort of on me.  The game has yet to have a patrol function or a QRF button (quick reaction force, military term)  but you can group your soldiers to a number key and call them into battle that way.  One thing I did notice in my earlier review; you could only have 4 soldiers at a time.  At the time the game did not have an upgrade feature for the barracks.  As of now, it does and you can recruit more soldiers through upgrading the barracks.The devs have really been listening to the community and this is a huge plus!  In fact, after I wrote my 1st review, I was contacted by them and they talked to me about my concerns.  Amazing!! For that and all the said updates, I am now ""recommending"" this game!  However, do realize that it is still in early access and it has been for a while and probably will stay that way till roughly early 2016 (per game page on steam).  Do not think that this is finished project.  It is not, and the devs would agree.  However, it is still a fun game.  Visually and audibly, the game has really set the bar in this type of genera.   I look forward to future updates and Dev Hangouts on Twitch.Wish List:I will update as more ideas and thoughts come to me.Roads:  It would cool to be able to build roads in the game.  It seems like on the map there are lanterns and wall around that look like they should be on a road.  Or as you build buildings close to each other, maybe a road will automatically appear.Peasants:  I am not sure if there is quicker way or not.  But having a feature where you can quickly find peasants.  I always seem to have to look around my town to locate them, when I want to manually task them."
,Recommended,224440,24437319,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,C3ltic,"It's a little overwhelming at first but its very open in how you layout your city and it satisfies that city-building itch I get from time to time.  Obviously has a lot of work but it runs extremely clean, no buggy early-access here, just lacking in a few key features at the moment.  I can't say its worth all $25 just yet, but it's nearly there."
,Not Recommended,224440,16558582,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Psiursus,"I waited 2 years so that I could buy this game  and die to spiders killing all my bakers.I cannot figure out what the devs have been doing. Using plug ins, my own goofy voice overs, and a few other tools ive made games better than this.Update - Years later. Half life 3 is believed to come out before this game is finished by 2019."
76561198009670423,Recommended,224440,23061164,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,CPU - Insane,"Great potential but still has issues.  Reminds me of warcraft 3 - my favorite game.Issue #1 ... I have to buy shirts from market because I can't build the necessary buildings. Took me a 2 games to figure this out because everyone eventually left the village which is frustrating.Issue #2 ... The campaign got stuck when I went to talk to Nara. It created a permanant Willow character stuck at the throne room and an additional one that became playable.  I could get the antidote for the quest but when I returned nothing happened and the stuck Willow was still there with ""talk to Nara and return to Nara"" both remained unable to be checked off.Issue #4 ... If a non hero character dies any inventory dies with them.Issue #5 ... Many of the buildings and upgrades are not supported yet which makes balancing economy and defence semi difficult.Issue #6 ... If you craft weapons at the blacksmith for a proffession (in my case woodcutter) you are unable to unstack them. - I created 8 axes for 2 different camps (4 woodcutters each) and was forced to drop all 8 in the camp inventory. Additionally once an item is placed in a building inventory - it is unable to be removed while in use even if only 1 item on a multiple item stack is being used.Issue #7 ... The carrots harvest value is too low.  I had 6 fields of carrots with 50 population and couldn't keep carrots in inventory.Issue #8 ... Berries stop being able to be harvested as soon as you build any other type of food harvest building.Issue #9 ... I wiped out the camp of Tauren type creatures but they would randomly spawn an attack - either have them respawn in the camp so you can guage when an attack will come or eiliminate them once they are gone.Issue #10 ... Better defined use of gems, rings, charms etc... I can equip them but there is no indication of what they do. Same for many lootable items... spider webs etc .Issue #11 ... I chose to leave the goblin in the cage in Kenny's hideout but then it was permanantly there... possibly an option to come back and release him later.All in all a good game and I understand it's still somewhat in development. Hope this helps!"
76561198008989095,Recommended,224440,24314809,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Ser Squirrel,Devs are making progress! Yeaaaaaah
76561197990938802,Recommended,224440,15149338,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Oxymoto,Love it!  Its only slightly rough around the edges but oh how it could shine.  YUP~ I bought into the early access because I love the direction this game is going.  And from what Ive been seeing its pretty fantastic.    I feel its mixed review is a premature response to a game that in my eyes shows great potential and many hours of entertainment.  And I dont regret a single second of play time  or the $25.  Im hooked.
76561198070246019,Recommended,224440,21816547,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Longshot-FreeRun,"There are many things that still need fixing, like the quest bar on the right side of the screen.Overall, love the game. Been waiting this long for it, happy with how far its gone and will say that I will do my best to wait for the rest of the updates.On a side note think I broke the campaign, did everything out of order. Does seem there are voice actors needed for a majority of the game and in the campain."
76561198073209363,Recommended,224440,25978359,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,tranceology3,"While I do recommend the game for what it is trying to acheive, in it's genre; I was somewhat dissapointed by it.The game is fun, don't get me wrong, but it is nothing NEW. A lot of reviewers say it's a blend of a city builder, RTS, crafting game, etc... well, simply put, it is not a blend, it is just a plain old RTS game that has been done many times before since the days of Warcraft 2. The city builder part is a complete joke. And while, yes, you do need to build it, there is no micro managing, or strategic placements and very light balancing; Basically just plop what you need to unlock, or sustain the resources that your villagers demand.I think my biggest gripe with the game had to be that each building has it's own upgrades. These upgrades seem very unique, with there own images (icons), and a breif description of what it does to the building. But in the end, all they do is produce a little more of the item you are making - nothing about what it really describes is unique. After this you realize the game is very simple.It a very appealing game, pretty graphics, gameplay flows nicely, and is fun if; you're young, or someone new to RTS games all together. But if you are looking for something that is truely something new that contains city building and some strategic gameplay, unfortunately you won't find it here."
76561198094921132,Recommended,224440,19859099,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Bub Chub,"I bought this game when it was in early access a long time ago and when the game was headed in a different direction, so the current incarnation isn't what I thought the game was going to be. That being said, I am happy with the direction it has gone in, and even though it is currently incomplete, it's still a pretty fun game.I've spent pretty much all my time playing the campaign and sandbox modes, so I haven't given the map editor a whirl yet. This game's primary focus is on village building, but all your villagers can be equipped with gear and called upon to fight, and everybody levels up. You can create soldiers and arbalists as your primary fighting force, and there are unique characters with special powers, abilities and gear. While there are plenty of enemies on the maps to make conquering it challenging, they do leave you alone for a short while so you can establish your defenses enough.The level of involvement is great and I can't wait to see what else they add to the game. Building placement is extremely flexible, only preventing you from placing them on top of other buildings or in rivers, on cliffs, etc, so you can plan it out pretty much however you want. Even in Alphas, the game is pretty stable and I have only experienced one or two crashes. Controls and UI are pretty easy to pick up, for it being such an involved game.My only possible complaint would be about the combat. It's cool fighting with the unique characters, since they have some special abilities, but at the moment, NPC AI is pretty bad. If there are enemies close enough, your villagers will attack automatically, so long as you don't click anything. Several times my melee fighters have let my ranged attackers get slaughtered, while they were moving from one mob to another, so you kind of need to direct them to each mob you want dead. It'd be great if there was an option to have them protect ranged units.These devs are pretty active and seem dedicated, so I don't doubt they'll be making improvements for a while now."
76561198160018805,Recommended,224440,19852799,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Sam,I wanted to play Anno series .But Uplay!!!!!!!! issues. But I dont care anymore cause i have Folk tale baby.... Am having a blast with this game. Superb game. Quest - loot - quest - levelup - quest - undead - quest my life is gone and sitting up all night to play this wonderfull game. Cheers
76561197967640894,Recommended,224440,19936596,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Lupinwolf,Ok i had a issue with my game not saving which made me rate this as i dont recommend BUT after uninstalling the Experimental patchies it is now working again. so i am giving this game a thumbs up nowthe save files Naming system is shocking so far my save game is called :Campaign 002 001 001 001 002 002 001 001 001 001 001 001 001 001 001 001 001 001 001 001 001 001 001 001 001 001 001 001 001 001 001 002 013.after this file it wouldn't save again so all progress was lost.this is a good game. no where near the settlers (YET). there also seems to be only 1 Campaign map which is kind of small and tbh looks like the game could be kind of short. but i could be wrong on this as i haven't managed to finish the area ( due to save not saving ) (which i now fixed)For a Early access game this has a lot of Potential but as it has been out for a while.
,Recommended,224440,25223503,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,DERM THE HOGGLER,"I think the game so far is pretty great. Very casual (which is what I was looking for.) This game can be described as a more toned down version of Banished + Albion Online (without the online). Obviously not as robust quite yet, but has great potential. I'd recommend for anyone looking for a city/village builder + a little 3rd person combat."
76561198064452879,Recommended,224440,25371473,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,goki,"Still way too bugged ,and with tons of performance issues. However its a refreshing game to spend a few hours caring about a town and a few fantastic quests.In this new trend of almost every game being absurdly lego-like or ""try to survive my conception of embiromental world""-game well its put a much needed faith in the gamers who are looking to an actual game wich can be enjoyed instead of topled."
76561198000684399,Not Recommended,224440,34524049,Posted: 27 August,all,Lady J,So much potential wasted
,Not Recommended,224440,35227044,Posted: 26 September,all,Charby,I bought this game a couple of years ago and it stills in EA. This game is the reason why I don't buy EA anymore.
,Not Recommended,224440,34921072,Posted: 13 September,all,Suffocation,You might as well wait for Half life 3 to come out before this game ever finish. Makers dont communicate and work at a snails pase. This game has had MANY years to make any real advancment. Dont buy untill the makers comply.
76561198282156370,Recommended,224440,28720644,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,tbercesi,"I like this game so much! I read other reviews about a pause button and I felt relieved that I'm not the only one who need it. Apart from that the game is very good so far. I can recommend to everyone who loves RTS games, but be aware that it's very hardcore at the moment (no pause button and very frequent attacks from various mobs as your village grows)."
76561198081215112,Not Recommended,224440,33470507,Posted: 11 July,all,BankerSpy,Bought this game with high hopes looked like it could become an amazing game Bought this game in 2015.... It is now 2017 lol the game hasn't even been completed yet and now hearing the developers some what walking away from the game cause of things going in but? this is a company and a game that people paid for and 20 bucks per game so depending on how many people bought this game? developers just got up and go hey guys we need to take a break lol its been how many years since this off and on updates? now its come to a complete stop i never noticed huge updates yes it does take awhile but this game has been out longer than early access games and i've seen early access games shoot more updates and dedicate their time into the game since they want to provide the best service take low ball reviews and people ranting whats wrong dont just walk away and be like hey guys we need to take a break some issues arised lol we could tell that after a 4 month gap with no talk or updating news so if your gonna just cancel the whole game i'd love to have 20 bucks back to pay for something that could have more dedication/time into it... but if i was a game developer i'd try to make this game perfect and provide the best..
,Recommended,224440,14778740,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Reese,A bumpy start but I believe they are on the right track. Still a ways to go. If you like The Settlers or the feel of Knights and Merchants you will like this. Has potential to become the best of its genre.Grab it on sale and hope the devs complete their dreams.
,Recommended,224440,8273784,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Doughpants,"Great game, cant wait for it to be fully released."
76561197993503468,Recommended,224440,14693092,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Attitude Adjuster,"starting to really come together as a game, when its done i think it will be great"
76561198056466698,Not Recommended,224440,32709701,Posted: 23 June,all,cmray58,"This game is really pretty, and fun for the first 10 minutes. Then you lose because unavoidable bad things happened."
76561198005404224,Recommended,224440,25853384,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Phalnax811,"I've had this game for 2 years and only have 2.8 hours of playtime.  That said, I have watched this game grow and dove back into last night to find that it has indeed improved.  Might update with some pros and cons after a few more hours of playtime."
76561198026900347,Not Recommended,224440,33879546,Posted: 29 July,all,Rofler,Probably finished in 10 more years of development - just disappointing..
,Recommended,224440,21932656,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Miss Murder,"This is a game-changer and I - totally recommend - Folk TaleProbably the game i've been searching for since I gave up with all the new samey-samey stuff.I even reinstalled Warcraft III and Age of Mythology for some decent RTS play.Back to this game...I'd say it's a mash up of WC3, Clash of Clans, maybe even Fable-like graphics and just a  huge new nugget of gaming goodness. Yeah it may not be complete, but it's running pretty well and there is just so, so, so, so much potential here. I absolutely love this so far. I haven't come across any faults so far in my 3 hours of play, apart from one crash but I completely understand, it's in progress and little blips are a given.Really excited to have come across this game and that i'll be able to watch all the new additions as it becomes one of the best games I have played. Quirky, cute and just lovely.Honestly, great job to the small group who are behind this growing masterpiece. Like most people i'd have a couple of suggestions for additions, but you guys are doing a great job already."
,Recommended,224440,14776861,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Oda,Still very unpolished but what I have seen so far is completely worth the price. Nice little cuty builder with a lot of personality.
76561197961165601,Recommended,224440,11398681,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,8276Repairman Jack,A year... thats what they said when i bought it.  I don't mind not hitting the mark by a little bit but come on.
,Recommended,224440,11105406,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,highlandre,"The game takes a piece from many genres, RTS, RPG and Open-world. You have your peasants as your basic unit which you then promote or demote as needed to keep your city going. They can focus on gathering resources, resource processing, and combat. As it stands now the project has basic gameplay available - no resource processing yet but the buildings and roles are there just no logic behind them./workhat onAs an IT scrummaster, for a team this size working 2 years on this game it looks great. Some may complain about the lack of content up to this point but you need remember that first they need to build the world and they made some changes based on community feedback which causes rework of many of the upstream tasks, thus changing their plan. The more that support their development by purchasing the Early Access to allow them to increase team size, even with the time needed to onboard the new people it would increase their velocity.  They want their game released as bad as the rest of us but I'd rather them take a page from Blizzard's book and release it when it's done that EA that patches it when it's released. Great job guys./workhat offI've bought numerous early access games and this is by far one of my favorites. I'm looking forward to the continued progress and watching as the game fills in it's already beautiful world with both life and death."
76561198018758459,Recommended,224440,10926819,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Shadow_dragon,this is a fun game and can become a really good game. its a alittle buggy right now but i enjoy the game and love the concept
,Recommended,224440,10905766,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Albedo 0.39,"This game has a butt load of potemtial. The Dev's are creating a conversation with the community to create the best game. Lots of dev's are doing it, but these guys are doing it right! checkout the website and see the closckwork updates and dev blog's.http://blog.gamesfoundry.com/"
,Not Recommended,224440,17226205,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Buckles,2 years later and its still not even close to being done. I think this game sums up early access games in general.
,Recommended,224440,21844565,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,NOOBMUNCHER,"Great game, tons of fun! just slow on development, they are still working on it though!Buy if:Your looking for a fun Strategy / City BuilderDon't Buy if:You're looking for a game that's complete, this is EARLY ACCESS so that means it's still in development!"
76561197994944910,Recommended,224440,8999946,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Free Kill,seems like a promesing game . =D
76561198070643175,Recommended,224440,20754017,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,"\""+""/TRU/'\/'\PERs\""+""/","I also am one of the gamers who bought this 2 years ago when it was unplayable. I patiently waited for fixes and it paid off. This is a wonderful game and although still unfinished is still very worth playing. The setting and mechanics are great, I cant wait too see how much fun it is when its finished!"
,Recommended,224440,19777479,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Robbles,is almost playable now much improved over the last few months
76561198141936705,Recommended,224440,23177852,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Maxus Gottren,"Both the sandbox and campaign games are fun. I've played a good few hours. The gameplay action is easy and seamless, whilst the depth and resource balancing make it fun to play. This is still early access so some of the elements of the game are not yet installed, which makes me think this game will become compelling (all being well). If you like townbuilding sandbox games this is right up your street. I like the graphics too, light hearted and a little catoonish, making it a relaxing but strangely absorbing experience. My guess is that this game is designed to appeal to the 'teens' and upward audience, but dont let that put you off if you are ...erm ..more mature like me ... I like it."
,Recommended,224440,23191843,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Issah,"Its buggy as ♥♥♥♥ but what do you expect for early access?The pros:Active dev and in the right direction. Seen real-time updates actually make it better and the level of fixes and adds per patch is awesome pace!Graphics are ""Decent"" which makes it great that it's simple like WCIII feel which I like but I recommend better human face renders and textures.supply management is ""okay"" - make them more challengingThe cons:AI needs improvement. Villagers are slightly above ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ levelMission content is still in progress I think or at least buggy as hell that I cannot progress because my characters get stuck in stone forever or isn't able to walk down a hallway for no reason...ContentContentand really just content. Its new though so it's not so bad right now.Just buy it. Yeah it costs more than your porn subscription but think of the trees (tissue).Cheers"
76561197971483180,Recommended,224440,12068847,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,SuicideMike,looks like a good game reminds me alot of settlers
,Recommended,224440,13091080,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Fiyerjenkins,"With the direction it is going this game will be great to play for hours at a time just doddling away. It reminds me of when I used to play ""Once upon a knight"" when I was younger. This game has far greater potential though and i look forward to the day that it will be fully fleshed out."
76561198050272787,Recommended,224440,27724866,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,^0^^0sfe,"I fell in love with this game. Even if it is not finished, it showed so much potential as RPG and RTS. Graphic is perfect and story is really amusing with great dialogs. Developers doesnt slack and I am proud I could play this even in early acces. Also they are really communicative and helpfull. Campaign is not finished, but you can go sandbox or custom creations from workshop. You can expect at least 20 hours of play time if you would want to be quick and see all.I recommend this to everyone who liked W3, Settlers, Populous the Begining, etc.Great game. Thanks for the experiance."
76561198013132245,Recommended,224440,26435785,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,huminado,"I've only played sandbox.---- Immersion ----The game has some funny voice acting and generally very high quality artwork.  The UI looks nice.  The tone and artwork of the game remind me of Torchlight.  The voice acting was clearly done with as few voice actors as possible, some parts obviously the same person's voice - but they are really nice to listen to.  I would say this becomes a major contributor to making the game enjoyable.The maps seem to all be static (i.e. there's currently no map generator).---- City Building ----Growing population goes slowly, to make sure balance is maintained and people don't get upset and leave.  If they do get unhappy, a downward spiral can happen as resources are no longer available and more people become unhappy.  There is an initial learning curve for getting up to maybe 30 people (that felt like an accomplishment), and growth needs to be methodical and calculated to ensure stability.  Because of this balancing act, the city can also be vulnerable to the unhappiness spiral if there are attacks to key systems.Also if the downwards spiral leads to a ghost town (everyone has left) there's currently no mechanism allowing people to come back and starting over.Each building has a tech tree which pushes the anticipated game time out into relatively longish games.---- RPG hack and slash ----The connection between the hero and the town is that an army can eventually join the hero in fighting otherwise impossible opponents.  Weapons and armor can also be built in town.  This becomes a high motivation for enlarging the town, and creates the ""play a little longer"" syndrome which makes this game hard to stop playing.Each hero has special moves that burn ""special move burning delay thing"" (oh maybe it's called mana or stamina or a combo of the two: stamana... :)  lol  :)  I didn't bother reading the game manual.---- Customization ----Oh...  I almost forgot about this!  Modding capability in this game is through the roof, as they provide a full visual node-based programming system to control enemy or camera behaviors for generating cut-scenes and drama.  In fact, when I first installed the game I went straight to __the edittor__ of all things!  I was so excited to want to look at the system right away!Please look at the FAQ threads pinned at the top of the discussions for videos showing what it can do.  This means there will undoubtedly be continuous content being created by the community of players, and more than makes up for the lack of random map generator.---- Grinding ----For RPGs my favorite element is storytelling.  But you may want to cover your ears, as what I will say is not so nice - but after years and years of reading or hearing typical fiction, I don't much care for most pre-written fiction, including fantasy, and especially including canned RPG adventures.  There comes a point where it all seems so arbitrary and whimsical at the author's imagination.  The only storytelling so far in RPGs I've enjoyed are in <a different game> which is also a roguelike, and shows up in my list of games, and has the word waz in it...  But the stories in Folk Tale won't be generated at run-time randomly -- they will be the canned type, and that makes the game feel a bit grindy after a while.  I can already anticipate getting tired of it.---- Putin Jokes ----This always makes me a bit nervous.  Then again I am paranoid.  Then again, paranoid might have good reasons.  Nonetheless, it makes me a bit nervous.  But Gamesfoundry is based in England, so maybe there's nothing to worry about:http://www.gamesfoundry.com/about/developer/---- Overall -----I found this on sale at a token discount, and checked Steam price charts at some other website which showed the game's price doesn't move much.  It's a fair price, especially considering the long games and the modding capabilities, and if you really love RPGs, this might be just right for you too."
,Recommended,224440,15745648,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,★Black Cat★,good game i like it
76561198000094900,Recommended,224440,22311919,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,swith,"I've been burned by early access games before (looking at you, Doublefine) but I still don't regret buying Folk Tale.  Yes, it's been in EA for a very long time, but the devs are active and communicative and there are regular updates.  What's already there is still impressive and has a great cartoony-fantasy feel to it.  Progress is steady and it's fun to watch how the game evolves.  If you're on the fence, put it on your watch list, don't be scared by the negative reviews, and keep an eye on the updates until you're ready to try it.  I think this is going to be one of my favourite games once it's completed."
76561198199823138,Recommended,224440,23277206,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,xxkarma01xx,I bought this game last night and I already have over nine hours play time. I love it so far and I haven't even tried campaign yet.
76561198077563129,Recommended,224440,15714968,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Artusad,"First impression: in my personal opinion, it seems to be far better as some people rated this game. From my self absolutly a thumb up!And to everyone who can't decide: buy or not - just watch some Let's Plays or something like that :)"
,Recommended,224440,16061519,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Sketch,"Please start adding stuff, it has potential.I have re-installed and it works as Games Foundry mentioned. The game is enjoyable so far, but I hope on the next update all buildings and upgrades are implemented. Thanks."
76561198021587860,Recommended,224440,8620466,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Niss,"So far Folk Tale is good and does have potiental to be a really fun game. Hopefully it wont take them long to give us more content, as right now.. it isnt worth paying out for it, you dont get much for your buck - just hope for more soon."
,Recommended,224440,9299733,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Autizmiz,Bit of a risk atm. dont recommend buying it yet. not enough content. Il change it if it is worth buying on full release. But it is a fun rts game
76561198098493662,Recommended,224440,10134003,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,deadeyerising,wheres the steam workshop for this game?
76561198046041957,Recommended,224440,15053659,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Farky Shepelepeck,"This is my first review, spurred on by a relatively, and unfairly negative ""mixed"" review result. If you love town builders and fantasy, Folk Tales is shaping up to be truly awesome. The developers are professional and keep the gamer/investor apprised of  developments on an almost weekly basis. They keep to their promises and the updates have been great. It is addictively fun even in its current state. This is one of those games I'm not just ""gambling"" on as an early access purchase. I'm proud to help support it."
76561198029007731,Recommended,224440,15713764,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Corkus,I think this is a amazing game considering it is not fully released yet the dev's have put a lot of effort into making the game have many interesting and fun things to do giving it a RPG feel but you can also just city build to your hearts content very good game imo :)
76561198069405597,Recommended,224440,15710414,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Tintin,"I just got the game regardless of Poor or not so good reviews, and I am one to say I will be MY own JUGE of a game, but reviews help me diside what I may or may not buy.In this case there has been a lot of Bad statements on this game for many folks, as well a a fair share of Good ones.Now I know peeps can say what they whant in most cases about games with no worries to the general public, But I would say I was hopefull for yet another good game that would help me Enjoy my little game time I have these days and with as little cost I have to spend on games. This game DID NOT DISAPOINT ME!Now Peeps can take what I say along with others and make up there OWN damm Mind! Or they can follow there gut feeling like I did and Diside on there own EH!As a little history from me to anoyone reading this here is my Gaming history in short,- I was 4 years Old when I got Intelivision and been playing games since..I am now 40 years old and a Gamer Dad!I have seen good games and bad games, Old Games and New Games, I have played FPS, MMORPG, MMO, RPG, Action, ETC. Now keeping that said in mind I can honestly say that this game reminds me of AOE, Pharo, Roma, Cesar & Others of that nature. I have always injoyed my Stratagy Games and RPG most of all and this game Is absolutly FUn and Injoyable to me because it follows them very close.Now that said, this game does need a lot of tweeking to become something GREAT and yes It will take YEARS to become just that.The DEV team work there Buts off to get this game to us and in hopes to be be proud to say they made a game that is worth buying and playing as well, lets face it WE WHANT TO PLAY GAMES!So From me to the DEVS please keep working hard and DON'T Give Up or Give in to little Pills that need to feed on negative crap! We all know you guys work very hard and try your best to give us what we all disire.Just one note, Fix Bugs before placing in new content as that is a Major Problem for many games out there today in there Completed state!As for all you gamers out there, Ither pay a small fee and I do mean small as in $25 or less is small. $60 or more for a new Xbox, playstation games are just nuts and they show us Crap most often than not, hell we all know that I and you have payed big on some games expecting this MOST OSOME game and turn out to be nothing more than GALMMER CRAP!We have become graphic spoiled and whant our $ worth. I know this because as I said I have been gamming for over 30+ years. So  when I say a Gamne is good take my advice and FOLLOW Your GAM|ING GUT and reserch the game before you buy it!, not follow some no name internet players advice! Judge a game based on what you like and how you like it but remember as Gamers we ask a lot but see nothing of the hard work put into it!DEVS keep chin up and GROW SOME Balls and tell players what you are willing to do and what you are not. A Great Story line in a Game Always sells and Never Disapoints. Stick to your GUNS and gammers will SUPORT YOU!Gamers Pull the Suther out of your♥♥♥♥♥and GIVE DEVS some Damm respect And learn to Make up your own damm Mind, DO some fliping reserch before you buy anything!Cheers all!"
,Recommended,224440,20933720,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Bucketmaster Fwick,"I bought this game years ago knowing it was incomplete as they stated on their website.I keep checking back every 6 months or so and it gets more and more fun everytime, Diablo had a baby with stronghold, that baby is a toddler still but developing at reasonable rate."
76561198203049889,Recommended,224440,17359531,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,sprite1125,"I've liked the game so far.  I haven't been able to get as far in the game as I would like due to time constraints, but so far it's fun for me."
76561198001916945,Recommended,224440,15743914,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,greenbean88,"best game ever!!! there is one and only one thing i would say i dont like about the game.after making villagers into troops via the barracks, they are easy to loose track of. what i would like to see happen (since this is a game in development) after assgining a villager to the barracks a new UI would open near the borader of the screen listing the troops. either by name or picture.and maybe another map option that could highlight the diffrent types of townsfolk. troops, food workers, trade workers. in the game i am playing i found i had so many trade workers and almost nothing else.i highly recommend this game. what i wrote above is the only thing i dont like about this game."
,Recommended,224440,15213279,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,vacri,"The game is developing slowly, but it's tight and the updates do keep rolling. Looking forward to the finished product."
76561197989454460,Not Recommended,224440,34183874,Posted: 11 August,all,SilentChilli,never ending development and never releasing updates.
,Recommended,224440,19493965,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Stalker1o2,Now When I first got this game and the slow Dev. on it then the change of direction I did give it a negative review and was alittle harsh after picking it up again after sometime the game is honestly enjoyable.Keep up the great works Devs you got me back into it.
,Recommended,224440,17536832,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,Znyrg,"A fun game! I recommend this game to my friends. A fun villagebuilder with some exploration and looting in there. A great foundation, and every little thing they add makes it better.It is kind of a failure as far as early access goes, seeing how long it has taken. But i just recently picked it up and have had very fun so far. Some small design issues here and there, but no bugs or crashes so far for me."
76561198048138514,Recommended,224440,17467164,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Heinrich Von Shutzen-Housen,"This game has come a long way, I absolutely recomend this game to everyone."
76561198007223465,Recommended,224440,11807783,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Dragonspliff,Folk Tale is fusion of game ideas that come together in a well made and good looking game. Its in a class of its own
76561197976207641,Recommended,224440,15732473,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Kanludar,"Still pretty early in the development process, but enough to have fun with.  I have spent about 8 hours on the beginner map, which still leaves me the medium and hard maps to play with.  I think it is worth the money and am excited to see the finished product.As of May 7th, 2015 you can expect to play as one race (human) and do sandbox city building activities, with some exploration thrown in.  Most of the RPG elements are still in development."
76561197979343769,Recommended,224440,15723302,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,CLS|MERC,"Pleasant graphics with soft colour tones , and splashed with the charm I loved in Settlers . I thought this may have a bit of Majesty Fantasy Kingdom but so far I have beaten off gnolls and spiders with my villagers . When I saw the upgrades in each building I was excited to think of all the different enhancements the villagers would get but unfortunately , most are just a 10% increase in efficeincy . Nothing wrong with that but , even a little variety in the upgrades would be a bit more interesting . Maybe the hunters could get increased range , butchers could get stronger with a bit more damage , same with woodcutters .... I geuss what im trying to say is when panning over the upgrades a building offers only to see 10% efficeincy on ALL of them in the upgrade window ...meh ... variety is the key ...great game . i love it . i dont mind the slow pace at all . It can take a bit to figure out how many villagers are prone and not working ... because at first I wanted to see a ratio of villagers with no assignments and then quick key to them but it's actually not that bad whatsoever .keep up the bug fixes . I did get an odd item off spiders , common venom sac I think but in my inventory it was just a white box ... oh well , Im going to start again because Im envisioning a different layout for my buildings .....if you like settlers , even Majesty ,,, give this a try"
,Recommended,224440,14667913,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,kgrrid,"Well, not bad with what they've got so far. Pretty diverse selection of buildings and needs, plays sort of like the Settlers. They have, however, gone several significant changes in mechanics and city building over time (the tutorial itself is different than the rest), and a major negative at the moment is no saving sandbox worlds. Overall, needs polish and some core features like the campaign and saves implemented before you could consider it a game.I'd say wait for now and buy it when on sale for the potential it's got."
,Recommended,224440,17758712,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,CHIKUN [Eng/No/Swe],"Very charming game made by a small group (aka it takes a bit long for the updates but theyre very very involved with their community). You build and survive, nice medium casual game. very charming graphics and manuscript. Gets better every month update"
,Recommended,224440,28515336,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Reputation,"It's everything you could have asked for from a city builder strategy AND simulation game!As a huge fan of both RTS and simulation games, city builders have always captured my attention. I've played Cities:Skylines, Age of Empires series and Sim City. Some are focused on battles and conquering the opponents, whereas some are purely simulation games to the point you feel like you are sitting and thinking in your ivory tower. However,Folk Talemakes you a part of the city you are building for.PROS:+ Your citizens' happiness and needs are not just there to be taken care of. You have to act carefully, make sure they keep a balanced diet, have clothes, and of course, have a job! Your citizens are not just workers like many other RTS games, they go through a lot of hardships of a training to become a lumberjack, baker or miner. And no,you can't demand a baker to chop some woods. Please don't force them to do stuff they don't want to, it'll break their heart.+Micromanagementis almost absent from the game so far. Not sure how that would turn out in advanced levels.You don't have to click on hundreds of people give each of them a specific task, but you can still do it if you want to.+ Economy and needs are the strategical part, yetthe action never goes down. It doesn't necessarily mean there are non stop conflicts and battles, they might be. But even there isn't a single soldier on the horizon, just managing and bettering your city is enough to keep you interested. I never liked turn-based games like Civilization, so if you are like me on this matter, the chances are you are going to like the experience.CONS (and missing features):Since it's still in early access, I'd assume they'd add them sooner or later, and so far the improvement is promising.- Being unable to add people to the selecting.For example, you would expect CTRL+left click to add other units to the current selection of units. Tried other combinations, but haven't found one.- Being unable to select all unitsthat are the samein an area. Double clicking on a lumberjack will not give you all the lumberjack or workers ready to your command.- Personally, I wished for a bit better textured and meshed graphics, the only thing that's not appealing at first glance is the looks. The more you progress your city the better it looks, but the graphics could have been better to get that ""I did this!"" feeling.To be more precise, the issue is about the grass while the buildings and characters have much better looks compared to pixelated look on the ground.Also, it's hard to see at night, maybe we could get an option for that or even torches and lanterns or something.- There's no achievements or trading cards yet. I'm eagerly waiting for them!- You can't drag the windows within the game. Sometimes resulting in not seeing what you are looting.Updated the review after a couple more sessions."
,Recommended,224440,15227987,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Storydor,"I feel this game is in the right path, but so far there are many frustrating things.Maybe I'm missing something that I should know, but for instance the cottage is only giving me new workers when I save the game and reload it and after some minutes a huge army of weird creatures invades my village and kills everyone because I didn't have time to build any defenses.I'll recommend it because those Mixed reviews could destroy this project and I feel that the potential in it is huge. Please keep on the hard work!!"
76561198026899737,Not Recommended,224440,33937890,Posted: 31 July,all,#CoK Rangerstown_SWAT,What can you say about this game? Not so much played around 2014 and since then I have not touched the game
76561198058894806,Recommended,224440,7874666,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Mr.Soda,cool
,Recommended,224440,23027577,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Leyany,So far ive really liked the game. i did the campaign and it was alot of fun. only downer for now is that the campaign is rly rly short. so the game ended rly fast. if they woud expend the campaign fully the game wil be alot more interesting then it is now. gues id have to wait for a while til there are more updates.
76561198046165013,Recommended,224440,13210171,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,retarded child,ah... folk tale a intersting which is a stragety town managment and rpg. it a lot of genres this gameis in early access an it honestly works really well it suprisng seeing a game trying to be so many genresand actullay pulling it off really well i would recommemd it also has a very funny refernences and jokes in it
76561198030495431,Recommended,224440,14805422,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Tanya Degurechaff,Good GameJust give it time and chanceLiking it so Far
76561198002967296,Recommended,224440,14803473,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Mazzo 13,I bought this game when it first launched on steam on early access and i can say it deffintily has come along way and looks way better then it did when it first came out. I havent been playing it latly because it would crash alot and they have fixed that problem quite nicely and the game looks even better then i though. I love city building and the villager managing as the next guy when i say I LOVE BOSSING PEOPLE AROUND. 10/10 would boss around again infact just did :D
,Recommended,224440,15783188,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Frownybiscuit,"I do really like this game and I see that it has come along way.It is like banished but a lot deeper. There are still quite a lot of actions that have buttons but not active yet. looking at all the options they give you but are not currently available its obvious that the creators intend to do a lot more with this game and it makes me really hopeful. That being said, it does still have a lot of glitches like sometimes certain fields are not active until you sell them and rebuild them and the barracks wont let you research anything so they cant improve for combat. When you click on a villager, it shows you their picture but no matter who you are looking at, the icon is a bald man. I can only play so far until i cant really progress any farther since so much is unfinished but i do really like this game and i hope the developers continue working on it so it can be even better. If you like banished then you will like this game."
76561198026238880,Recommended,224440,14796069,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,sStutter,"Give it a chance, it has great opportunity to be something completely fresh and unique."
,Recommended,224440,14595467,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,ShirlyIdgaf,"Fantastic potential, fantastic npc dialog. I am excited about the sandbox feature and  cannot wait to see the complete product."
76561197979666911,Recommended,224440,14316198,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Heggs,"I haven't much to say other than I am looking forward to the final release, this will be a fun game."
,Not Recommended,224440,13887543,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Yabadabadooo,"this game has no map generation, just pick and load premade maps... virtually no replay value after you clear a map once you won't feel like playing this again.sure it's in beta you might say but map generation probably won't ever same it's always going to look, feel and sound like yesterday's news.great idea though, wish someone with some talent would make a game of this genre."
76561198027230013,Recommended,224440,8046887,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Anthony,Game play ( what little there is ) is fun but been waiting a very long time for the sandbox to come out..
76561198011083571,Recommended,224440,15995186,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Carig,"Folk Tale is a village management game which combines a sandbox “Stronghold” style settlement management system with a story driven scenario manager. The game is in early access. The basic settlement management system works now and there is 5 maps to play on.Pros- It's beautiful graphics create a lovely atmosphere- It's  fun to play now. I have had about 18 hours of play out of Alpha 20. Alpha 21 came out yesterday (roughly a month after alpha 20) so I will see how play I can get from that.- It has some intriguing build tools for making both maps and scenarios.- Being part of the development process itself is quite fun. Games Foundry goes out of its way to keep the community informed about progress.- The village mechanics with tiered buildings, villager experience, a village tech tree are great (although still in the process of being adding to and balanced).- The concept is a good one, and basic way it is being implemented is far sighted. They have designed mechanics for village simulation, character progression,  and story mode. They have made editors to create maps and scenarios. They reworked their game concept to based on a sandbox simulation (which I get the feeling was not the original plan) and did this successfully. They have been doing this for 2 years and just keep at it… this game will be finished and be an impressive beast at the end.Cons- The game has been developed in full view on early access for most of its life. This gives the impression of a ""slow"" development pace. If this bothers you then hang onto your money for now...- It's still unfinished - More summary information is needed on the village simulation side to make the user experience less cumbersome. Sometimes is hard to keep track of all the things that are going on (alpha 20).- Combat control also is a bit hit and miss at this stage (alpha 20).In conclusion, if you like the idea of early access games, enjoy being included in the development progress and are patient enough to wait around for 2-3 years for a finished product to appear then I strongly recommend this game. I liked this game enough to buy an extra copy from my wife... I notice she has already run up 4 hours on it in the first evening..."
,Recommended,224440,15810267,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,bunnzy,"Love it.  Yes, it's early access but it's really good!  There is still enough functionality to have a good time.  The devs are very responsive and continually working on the game, so you know your feedback is being listened to and incorporated.I wouldn't recommend paying $29 for it, I got it during the 40% of sale and even then was apprehensive about bying an early access game with  mixed reviews.  However it's been worth the $20 or so I paid.  Can't say with certainty that it's worth $29 though, sorry!If you're looking for a full on campaign to play through with more features then you can shake a stick at then you might want to go play the new Anno game while you wait for this one to be finished.  Otherwise get in there, get invovled and help make it into something really special."
,Recommended,224440,13762048,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,njrudloff,"Good game long way to go for a great game but it has all the basics of it. Dev team seems to be working hard at getting it going in the right direction. Right now the game is worth the money, and will be even worth more so when the game is complete."
,Recommended,224440,14194323,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Schuppekens,"very professional project management, good communication with the backers.One of the few early acces games that provides this many updates.Solid gameplay, good art, nice sound effects"
76561198011376190,Recommended,224440,15720948,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Daxxtramus III,"This is one of the few games in greenlight that I have purchased that actually works, to a degreen and is well made enough to have the smoothest voice bloke doing the tutorial.I will say there are a few things I enjoyed:1. the style - visually impressive and not bad when zoomed in all the way2. the resource tree - great idea of having ANN0 styled production trees3. variety of enemies and the the variet eney types and models.4. building placement - Love it that you can place structures anywhere, no grid or snap mechanics that constrict creativity.I will say here that there are areas that need improving1. speed upa nd slow down functinallity2. larger maps with more resources3. items in the inventory showing up as white boxes4. the storehouse not having employees and also would be a great place to hire dedicated item trasporting workers like the teamsters office in Tropico5. group wide item distribution or customer templates for civs to have put on them6. more in depth city building and customisation - only scratching the surfice, you could have guilds, temples, grand halls more item manufacturing for later in the game with specifi reasources.These are all just suggenstions as the game is only in early access but thought I'd throw my thoughts in."
76561198017081957,Recommended,224440,12372224,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Aidan1870,"This game is great work in progress, but it is just that; a work in progress. There are a few bugs and AI whacks, but all in all what we have now is the foundation of something great. The devs keep us informed about additional work, and things like that. This game is fun to play, even in its current early-access state. Buying it will give you plenty of time to enjoy growing a village into a thriving city, and a whole bunch of laughs. Personally i love the little jokes, memes, and funny behavior. Not only that, but there is an editor where you can design your own maps to be used and buildings and props for the maps as well.Do a solid for a fellow steam member and buy this game, not only to enjoy playing but to fund the efforts to grow this gameinto something even better. Keep up the good fight devs, you are doing great!(maybe consider re-doing the building placement boundaries? my village seems to grow so fast with only a few buildings that have to be placed on flat land)"
,Not Recommended,224440,17328581,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,sammy,Bought this game before they decided to scrap it and remake it into whatever it is this is now. Liked what I saw when I bought it. Hate whatever this sandbox never getting complete almost game they have now.This game gave Early Access games cancer. I have not bought a single EA game since this. And wont.
76561198063485869,Not Recommended,224440,14059311,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Ashra52,"20 months and it's still barely playable. Maybe if we give them another 100 months this will be a full game.Editing for future possible players: The game is still pretty much♥♥♥♥♥♥ It's been 28 months now since I bought it and there still has been barely any progress on the overall themes of the game. Yeah, you can make a decent village now, but aside from that... There isn't much more. Still not even remotely worth the asking price.32 months after purchase. Game seems to finally be making progress in a good direction. Hopefully will be decently playable in another 20 months.52 months after purchase. Game is still in the same♥♥♥♥♥♥tier state that it has been in for a long, long, long time. But now we have the added bonus that the developers are quitting development on the game. This game could have been awesome and that's why I purchased it so damn long ago. This was my first EA purchase and it's by far the worst one that I've ever made. This company is absolute garbage and I can only hope that someday they end up on the streets."
76561197962343491,Not Recommended,224440,23029214,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,TeMpEsT,"I had purchased this game at release and I was excited for a quirky, funny town builder.  This game has changed, embarassingly so, and has moved in a completely different direction.  The original plan for this game was clearly trashed and the developers adapted a cookiecutter sandbox idea.  It's been done 10,000 times before so why not one more?  Tired idea for a tired genre.  The graphics are also years behind.  I know this is an indie game but no one needs a 2/10  early 2000's town builder.  Do not buy.  Your money can serve you better elsewhere."
76561198142396331,Recommended,224440,12503139,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,DinoZombiez,"If you are unsure about buying this game, then put it in your wishlist till you buy it because the finished product is 100% worth it, i can already tell. It's not only funny but i find my self already spending hours on it and when im not on it, i'm thinking about it!Some problems I have found is that its a little choppy on my laptop but i'll still play it! haha it did crash however, not sure if thats a problem with my computer or the game. One thing however that I would like to see is the prices of how much it costs to make a person into a monk or a farmer, I had to guess at how much gold I needed to use. But keep in mind that this game is still in being made and being fixed so all these problems do fair is to be expected, Also my little minner dudes dont mine so that kinda sucks but i'll figure it out. (In the sandbox mode)But over all I really like the game and I recommend it to anyone who likes to play games where you build citys and control your little peoples. I plan on playing it for awhile. can't wait for more updates!"
76561198010702140,Recommended,224440,15712124,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Marshall,+ Huge potential+ The perfect mix of complexity and simplicity+ Simple mechanics+ A certain quirky charm- Slow development cycle- Framerate can get a little choppy- Certain concepts are underexplained (e.g. efficiency)
76561198006545785,Not Recommended,224440,14161728,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Rococho Ranger,"I regret buying this in early access, and would advise others not to do so.It has the potential to be a good game. The Devs seem to listen to the community, but they are slow to build this and should really have waited longer before letting others see it. I mean, it originally was opened up with a long tutorial that you couldn't even save.Wait until it's properly finished, then read the post-launch reviews before buying this game.Personally, my money is on this ending as one of those unfinished buggy games that earns the devs a small income from people who don't read reviews."
76561197993260818,Recommended,224440,16702168,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Psychedelephant,This game is beautiful! Narration is splendid and the gameplay itself seems to have a lot to offer so far.
76561197972431331,Recommended,224440,16605809,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Nervend,"Playing this game is like playing a Warcraft III map that is WAY bigger with a lot more depth and things to do with both RPG character advancement and city building/managing. If that sounds like something you always wanted then you are like me, and I highly recommend you buy the game and support the devs."
,Recommended,224440,16727308,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Andrek79,"I have only played half way through the tutorial, but this reminds me very much of Warcraft or Banished.  The interface is pretty decent, but the controls leave me wanting to scream at late 90's programmers for the non intuitive way the screen is controlled (this is just a learning curve, but it would be nice to rotate where your mouse is located instead of at the middle bottom of the screen).Overall it seems like this will be a great game once it is complete and well worth the time to play currently."
76561198089989828,Recommended,224440,16591009,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,floboug,"One year later after my first review, the new one. It is still a good game and basic bugs have been removed, and quests added. It seems easier than it was in this campaign i just have tried. Sadly, i found a quest bug which block the progression.Morever, after this one hour quest, the game remain in sandbox with not much challenge."
76561197997746425,Recommended,224440,16638073,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Thin King,"Something about this game is incredibly nostalgic for me. It's a really great mix of city builder and fantasy rpg. It's obviously in it's alpha state, so it's lacking a few of the finer things you might expect. But the bottom line is this game is beautiful, it oozes charm, and it's just really fun. Now is a good time to buy, you'll be getting a good game that will age like fine wine."
,Recommended,224440,21829604,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Setwar,"Nice looking, fun game. A ton of potential. I love the city builder/ rpg hero hybrid. Can't wait to see this game continue to grow!"
,Recommended,224440,21824895,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,coltonvon,"if you loved Black and White series you will love this game!i've waited so long for a new game like this!5/5 STARS!""shut up and take my money!""awesome game."
76561198088613703,Recommended,224440,21801578,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,TopBanana6,"I play a lot of RTS and turn based strategy games, and I think this game is fantastic."
76561197982613611,Recommended,224440,21827152,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,=HOG= PATTON1700,I really like the game. I have played it through and it is very stable. Had a bew bugs and the story mode is not finished. Had a lot of fun with it and hope the story will be done soon.
76561198009528001,Recommended,224440,18687639,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,Karaya (Michael),"Early Access ReviewIn short, if there was a strategy game where you built and managed the towns/cities in Fable, this would be the game.As of writing this review, the game has a very solid foundation of chains and development. It took me about 3 hours to wipe out all the creep camps on the Easy map, have one of each production chain maxxed out, and about 100 villagers. After that, there was really nothing to do (I couldn't build more units, move to a new territory, craft better gear, etc.) However, if I could have kept upgrading/expanind, I definitely would have. Granted, I haven't played any more difficult maps, so there could be a greater level of depth already built into this pre-release.Overall Mechanics: Economy is similiar to Banished with a bit more depth. You construct a town that provides for typical basic needs of any citizens in an RTS, as well as gold/stone/iron etc. While you can assign villagers to different jobs, they essentially do the rest from there (you have the option to micro manage, but why bother). You can upgrade buildings to allow a greater workforce, as well as research technologies for each building. (Level 1 building = 4 workers, lvl 2 = 8, lvl 3 = 12; each building has 3-8 technologies that basically increase the gather range or add xx% to production). Right now, the most in depth production chain is about three buildings/layers deep (wheat farm [wheat] -> windmill [flour] -> bakery [bread]). Once you build a barracks, you can train archers or halberdiers (ranged or melee units) and use the blacksmith to outfit them with equipment. You can research recipes at the blacksmith and find better ones in the wild. Basic resources come from your organic production, whereas the more advanced ones are found after clearing creep camps.Glitches: I did experience a few crashes, but they only seemed to occur as I was exiting back to windows anyway, so it didn't matter. There were some issues when I'd craft/find an item, it would show up in my inventory as a blank box that I could not inspect or equip. The only villager AI isues I came across so far was when I was building the advanced walls, they would sit there and ""construct"" for the rest of the game, which meant my production buildings would not longer recruit them since this never-ending-construction seemed to take them out of the available labor pool. Clicking on the mini-map would direct me to a random place on the map, which was annoying. Overall, very minor issues that I am sure can be easiliy fixed.Balancing Issues: stockpiling stone/planks/iron/gold was fairly simple and quick, but I continuously had a problem keeping enough of the consumables on hand. Even when the bread production chain was fully upgraded/maxxed out (36 villagers in a population of about 90), I constantly ran out of bread. I was also constantly out of meat, fish, and vegetables. While not so much a balancing issue, I could not find a ""find idle worker"" button. This would have been handy when I wanted to specifically recruit only archers, as the auto-recruit for the barracks produces a mix of archers and halberdiers.Overall, this was a pretty fun game. I think it has a decent amount of potential. It has a great environment (again - it reminds me of Fable, specifically Oakvale) The devs have clearly made a solid foundation from which to continue to add depth. I look forward to future updates."
76561198041968242,Recommended,224440,18800687,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Chammalia,"I really like the idea of this game. Of course it still has some way to go. My comments as of patch 0.3.3:- The issue with the game not loading has been partially fixed; you get a pop-up allowing you to choose running the game with the older directX, thus enabling the game to load.- The extra enemies roaming the world is really great (I am talking about the bears, wolves and so on). They present a nice challenge while you try to expand your city and helps level up your heroes and/or military units.- A better system for equipping units is needed. It might be okay finding 10 different units to equip each and everyone, but when you get just a bit above that it becomes a nightmare, really. An auto-equipping tool or a better system for finding and selecting individual units perhaps.In the swamp map new units keep joining your city even though you haven't build cottages to support them. While a few of these joinings can work, it needs some limit as it becomes really hard to keep up with all the new units.- The storage system is still unlogical. There seems to be no shared limit for each resource and the storage house is missing update functions that allow for more storage.- The city wall is missing a function that allows for upgrading from tier 1 to tier 3.- I would really like some sort of road tool, so you can make the city look more city-like."
,Recommended,224440,19791233,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,ShadoW,Lots of potential I look forward to it's release.
,Recommended,224440,20173375,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,The MC85,Don't believe the negatie reviews. It seems they are a bit dated. Great game for fans of Warecraft and Banished. Kind of a Management/RTS/RPG/Survival game. I have really enjoyed it so far and would recommend it to just about anyone.
,Recommended,224440,14547763,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,NDNme,"I enjoy this game a lot and its only in its Alpha stage.  There are quirks just like in any Alpha game but the dev community is always listening, responding, and has updates monthly.   Most EA games dont have that on here at all.  I am not a fan boy of anyone game, there are games I like and games I dislike, but the potential for this game is amazing.So, basically this game is like any other settles game at first.  Its basic management and survival ... food, shelter and security then go out and beat up others take their stuff. Ah but here is where it gets good.  You dont just build an army to go out and pick on people no you get an adventuring party!  So the chaos enues from there as you beat up monsters, dens, and dungeons and slowly build up your buildings and village.  so this is all fine and all but while I reccomend this game I have one question for the devs.End game?  What is the proposed end game?  Will the village get so big it dies off. thats not reasonable.   Maybe when a village gets so large it starts off and sends out a new group to a new area, like starcraft style?  That would be great then you might even get support from your other village and build it up too.  So thats my only concern with this game, what will be the endgame to it.  Could you imagine the workshop options you could have here?Other than that this is a great time suck game and I have killed lots of hours playing it and replaying it.  I hope you like it to and please see it for what it is and not the Alpha errors everyone gets it, its in Alpha ... Thanks for reading!"
76561198046841986,Recommended,224440,15216488,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,a_ndre_z,Awesome game! Looking forward for every patch and watching the game grow every month! Keep up the good work and we will see one of the games of the history!
76561198048302018,Recommended,224440,20363336,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Trimack,"This is a good game, though definitely still an Alpha.  Its clear to see where the dev's want to take the game, and I'm eager for them to get there!At this point I would say there is limited replayability in the campaign mode, there is still much work to be done here, but the dev's know that and are working on it.  The sandbox mode is somewhat similar, but I would say it has a fair bit of replayability.If your looking for a finished product, you'll be disappointed.  If your looking to support a good village builder in the style of WC3/Banished, then look no further.  I don't regret the money I spent on it at all, and I'm looking forward to even more content!"
,Recommended,224440,14751943,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,ALT4R,"Support this game if you are into the city management games. The rpg features are gonna be a BIG add to the game, and the graphic design is very, very beautiful. The game isn't done yet but the current features are very fun to play with, and I cannot wait to see what will be the next update !The critics are quiet old now, and the sandbox mode - the main feature - is now very good. The dev ARE working and the project isn't dead as some say. So if you have some money to spend and a wanna help a project, I recommend this one."
76561198054887683,Recommended,224440,16967635,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,cabernetsounds,Kinda Caesar 3 meets Age of empires / Anno with an rpg addition... love the game! Keep it up developers!
76561198029677626,Recommended,224440,20313716,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Pulselesea,"I have fallen in love with this game. I have only recently bought it for myself, but I have already been asking friends to try as well. It is so vibrant and full of potential! From the beginning of the game it has a sense of humor, and slightly reminds of Fable somehow. The city building aspect of the game is hands on, and you really need to keep an eye on everything, while trying to defend your city. The Heroes and Soldiers you can train can be customized, while only a few cosmetic things change, their stats can be boosted which really REALLY helps. I could go on for ages about all these amazing features, but to sum it up. If you are interested, it is an amazing game and I cannot wait for the final product. I tip my hat to the Games Foundry. Amazing work guys!"
76561197980612451,Recommended,224440,15111202,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Moohpah,This game is an interesting mix between settlers and the rpg maps of warcraft 3.The game is far from finished at this stage but has a lot of promise.
76561198037602622,Recommended,224440,16811675,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,mikmoody,Bought it a couple weeks ago during the sale. A ways to go to get certain thing done but was still playable and I enjoued it.
76561198003363643,Recommended,224440,16638400,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Yokymusha,"Now , this game is promesing. It still have a few bugs like items you pick up does not have any picrure or stats (Just a white peace of paper) and when you try slavage items, you actually do not get anything in return.But owerall, I have lots of fun and enjoy this game. Really looking forward to see improvements in the future.The game have this Settlers feel to it, but in my opinion more fun and lot more complex. I love the fact you can take any non working villager to get him / her to work as anything you like. Then hire them as soldiers and can be turned back in to sivilans again. Oh! And the dungeon run with just your one hero is great!I kant wait for more maps to play on, butThe map making I personally find to complex and confusing, so I hope they make that betther in the future"
,Recommended,224440,16801439,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Newgraves,This elder gamer's every fancy is tickled. This is GODLY
76561197971020505,Recommended,224440,15718777,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Hydra Shaftoe,Yep its getting pretty good now. Definate thumbs up with the current build.
,Recommended,224440,24133353,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Valkyss,"Obviously still a work in progress but I've enjoyed it thoroughly and am looking forward to seeing what Folk Tale continues to develop into! Off to an amazing start. My only negative feedback thus far would be to speed up combat a bit but in saying that, I understand that's not really the ""feel"" of the game. Would be nice as an option anyway, 2x dungeon speed XD"
76561197964377577,Recommended,224440,20492917,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Nostromos,"Lots of fun, still evolving some but has shown a lot of improvement."
76561198007740117,Recommended,224440,22203113,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,shortysean,being updated quite often and good game so far
76561198035437047,Recommended,224440,14578541,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Acreze,"Havent played the game since the release of early access, but i think it has potential to become a great game."
76561198046214149,Recommended,224440,18705070,"Posted: 26 October, 2015",all,And then I said,"Tried it, has alot of potentintial.  But you know what I like most about this game?  The developers haven't given up, and those of you complaining about how long it's taking to make you're the reason there is retextured COD and Assassin's Creed every year.Guess what, video games take a long time to make."
76561198068037500,Recommended,224440,20225281,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,moshpit614,well done folk tale i got this game nearly 2 years ago played through a short starting thing love it went back in to play more a week later and the whole game was broken players wanted a more free place sandbox game at the time there were building plots limiting wher and how many buildings you can have players cryed out for freedom and the dev seemed to scrap more of the game and restart i was hoping i could look at this again one day and see somthing i can play and enjoy that day is today ty devs
,Recommended,224440,16934069,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,plenderj,"It's early access, and in development - but it's definitely going in the right direction.Enjoying it."
76561198005122124,Recommended,224440,15489580,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,[GCN]Gunnars626[Nerd?],"When I bought this game a couple of years ago, there was not much to go on. But I saw great potential and possibilities.They have now fixed some of the things I'm missing before. like, Better balance on the firewood, Plantiable trees, Upgrades and recipes (With some limitations, it is, STILL a beta after all). When it comes to playability there are only a few maps, no Assignments/Qests or Story.... yet. However, you can modify the maps (The program to do this with, is to me a little strange / unusual and annoying xD )Current situation 5/10Possibilities in the future 9/10Again.... Beta"
76561198012930401,Recommended,224440,8027022,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,kireocmer,"recent reviews are negative! why?We all wanted the game changed into a more creative playable sandbox- like game.The devs accepted that,not knowing what they are comming up with??However they consisted of making quality like when they started,and we all tried to find out how the sandbox was working !They themselves worked further on the campaign-idee,while in the meantime they tried to make the sandbox easier for usto use and play.We are even given there developpers-tools to use for scripting.I my self (76 year old) tried to create as much as possible ,but after 3 years my memory itself could not follow everything like It should.You''r getting older pa,My son should say..Now I even can't get into sandbox mode using the block-build methode for making landscapes.That's my fault,but You younger fellows should without problems,but you are the most negativ writers on the internet reviews.THIS IS HOWEVER THE BEST COMMING SANDBOX-GAME FROMTHE LAST PAST TWO YEARS AND WORTHED TO WAIT FORIT'S FINISHED.PLS TRY TO PLAY THE GAME IN ALL HIS MODES AND ALSO USE THE WORKSHOP ITEMS.I hope  a lot af you try to become more positive after this  revieuw !and to the dev or devs,please give a sign if I am right that you will finish this beautifull created game of FOLK TALEIf you do not need extra money then you should try a free wee-end play for every one,to discover the gameThanks"
76561198079355140,Recommended,224440,17495758,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,rdelin,"After the Hero upgade, You can no longer put on your people any armor you made at the blacksmith."
76561198082948623,Recommended,224440,24348758,"Posted: 16 July, 2016",all,Riesh,"Fun to play, nice graphics, and a funny storyline so far.Did not spend too much time playing Folk Tale yet, but I am sure I will spend some hours more on this game."
76561198001526217,Recommended,224440,26095222,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,d-bales,Just want to say I am absolutely Very happy with the developers progress so far with Folk Tale !!Beautiful Game very detailed !!
76561198105329343,Recommended,224440,15100713,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,cuongkim20,It would be nice if the trees can grow back.
,Recommended,224440,15110335,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Evo,good
76561198116365713,Recommended,224440,15725631,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,yourallheart,"The Concept is a lot like Empire.  You build using settlers and huts to increase settlers.  I like the medieval twist using Kobalds and quests (Though I have yet to be able to do any quests.)  graphics are pretty cool, nothing great. Some big issues thus far though. 1:  The adviser who says you need more bread or meat or whatever, never stops once it starts and repeats every second.  There needs to be a way to turn that off.  2: You need to VASTLY improve the skill levels to match each accordingly.  Right now even on training level it is nearly impossible to learn or improve your village.  That's ridiculous.  Training level shouldn't need advisors beyond that of the actual training and frankly shouldn't have any worries at all as training level should strictly be a learning level ONLY..  You should be able to build anything and you should never lose settlers.  The next level, the beginners equivelent should only be slightly harder, needing a timy bit of food and maybe losing settlers only after having no food for like 30 minutes or something.  Then tweak the higher levels accordingly.    3:  When you send a Villager to do something they dance around at the spot for a few minutes before doing anything, wasting valuable time you have to gather resources and build things.Overall the concept is pretty cool and has the potential to be a pretty decent hit but much work needed yet before it's really playable for any length of time."
76561198190887591,Recommended,224440,15725620,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,jonnycrossley,money well spent - looks great and very engaging.hopefully there'll be even more to come!Thanks.
,Not Recommended,224440,22499244,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,salathon,"so basicly its over 3 years in to production. and its moving slowly, if your lucky enough to get it to load and have managd to get the experimental version then you will find a game that is bugged and only allows an hour or so of play before finishing everything and then your just in a simple building game thats far from complete or good. time will tell on this one. honestly wait another 3 years and hope its finnished by then."
,Recommended,224440,16623293,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Ellie,"I bought this game going on two years now and left it to grow mold in my library. When I first bought it you had specific spots you could put your buildings and a very linear story; not only could you not save your game but the game also did not save itself.I opened this game the other day and wasn't sure if it was the same game I was thinking of. It has an AoE feel to it now and is a playable game. It still has bugs, as expected; it is still lacking some functions, as expected. The one major feature I am hoping for is a random gen map and/or Steam Workshop to download other players' created maps."
76561198093255540,Recommended,224440,16847093,"Posted: 2 July, 2015",all,Cedred,"Fun game, good RPG elements in loot drops from mobs you fight, sandbox is pretty fun once you figure it out but the tutorial teaches you how to play the original alpha of the game which operates differently than the sandbox version."
76561198019597873,Recommended,224440,16881638,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,crassadon,"A neat game that takes city building ideas in a new direction, by adding RPG qualities. You can build and equip weapons and armours to help your citizens in battles. I'm very interested to see how this game will evolve.There are a few issues right now. My main problem is that there isn't enough information to view in the game: like what villagers are doing what. It becomes a little difficult to manage as population increases: I might want to grab a random villeger, and have them do something, but it's pretty difficult to find out what job that villegar was doing to reassign them back to. Similarly, I equipped some armour onto a few villegars, and it was just sort of ""well, good luck, guys!"" Because, as far I can tell, there's no way to ever find those villegars again, other to randomly click on every individual person in the town to see what they're wearing. I hope to see more ways to view information in this game, because the new concepts here are neat; but as the town grows, the game becomes a little unweildly. Quite a fun game though."
76561197995627637,Recommended,224440,11128361,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Masterimp,great game so far. hope there is a campaign or some sort of story line that comes out of the tutorial story.
76561198039463852,Recommended,224440,15318661,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Kirkland Langue,"After playing a bit, my reaction goes like this:At first, I was WTF!  I had a lot of trouble figuring out some of the most basic concepts - like how to get more people in my town.And once I figured the basics out, I was WTF!   Spiders.And so I decided to give it another go with my new information, I was WTF! This level was a cakewalk once I killed some random guy and picked up his uberOP weapon which allowed my character to pretty much singlehandedly kill everything else on the map.And then I was... WTF! Because I couldn't tell if there was more to do on the map or not - I had uncovered all of the fog of war and killed everything that I could.a. Starting resources should include some food.  Get rid of some of that stone and just start with 100 each of wood, stone, ore, carrots, bread, and fish.b. Add some kind of patrol command for the various troops.c. My town is being attacked? Great!  How about telling me where?All of that said, the only real ""complaint"" I have is that the camera feels very sluggish when being moved.  All of my other comments were either documentation or balance issues because it's early access.    I definitely want to see the game developed further and would like for it to one day have a fully fleshed out campaign."
,Recommended,224440,15270478,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Hellikitty,"Well...damn.  It was all going so well until it wasn't.  Got kicked from game, lost all progress...going to bed now a very unhappy bunny...NB: sue someone for time lost this evening :(I'm going to recommend it if you like build games.  If your into that stuff.  But hey!  I wasn't in long enough to get to the heart so my comment is very vague."
76561198044517972,Recommended,224440,15327552,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,Alchemax,This game is going to be great. It's already great. I love where its going and cant wait until the next update. Plently of stuff to do in this game.
76561198023968538,Recommended,224440,15329946,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,TOnii89,"Great gameplay, Awesome artstyle. Big potential."
76561198021490004,Recommended,224440,15346397,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Kezza,I got this game back when it first was released as an early access and I will admit that the progress has been very slow and I stopped playing it for a while. I came back and so many things were different but the way it has gone has been a major improvement to what it was before. If they released the early access where the game is now they would not have so much of a mixed review.  Well now into the pros and cons:Pros- Not every faction is an enemy- Easy construction system- Make your own maps- The appearanceCons- No tutorial (they used to have one for the old system)- Little confusing to get startedSuggestions- A random map generator would be amazing for it- A better way for villagers to come (something like a birth system)I am looking forward to see how this game develops over time because it has so much potential I just wish they would make it a little bit faster.
76561198009625167,Recommended,224440,15471755,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,yazah,"Early access review: Currently, I wish I had waited to purchase, but I don't regret buying the game. I had it on my wishlist for quite awhile and so thought it might be a bit further along. Even so, it will be a great game and I look forward to playing it a lot more once it is a bit more complete and stable.For now I'm giving it a ""recommend"" to add to your wishlist, and if you really love early access, the game is certainly fun and playable, but still in an Alpha phase at this time."
,Recommended,224440,15727693,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Arathiel,"Clearly I haven't played this game a ton, but I would like to share my very initial impressions of this game before I come back later on to write a more cohesive and holistic review.First, I'd like to say that I've always loved sandbox games. As a fairly creative person, I'm able to enjoy them for hours on end without losing stamina. If sandbox games aren't for you, you might not want to play the game in its current state.That said, the minimal amount of time I've spent in-game has been positively GREAT. You know that feeling you get when a game just... gets you? That's the feeling I get with this game. There's a certain nostalgia that comes with quaint village sims like this, and I for one am a huge fan.I'm gonna stop here, since I can't really justify much more of a review on 0.4 hours of play time, but I will say that if you're a fantasy-head, enjoy RTS games, and prefer a somewhat relaxed if strategically oriented playstyle, you will enjoy this game.EDIT AFTER A COUPLE MORE HOURS OF GAME PLAY --As I suspected, additional play time has presented a few caveats you might like to know about before you purchase the early access version of this game. The game runs well, and has enough depth to allow the user to explore with a decently sized military regiment if they expand their land enough, but the game is INCREDIBLY unstructured after the tutorial. Eventually you get into a rythm where you don't really //need// to expand, all of your resources are generating at a solid enough rate, your villagers have access to medicine, clothing, food entertainment, and life is peachy. You've positioned guards around the town so that rogue spiders really aren't an issue, and the game just gets... quiet. Sure, you can opt to venture forth with your armed militia, but this provides little more than additional resources, and on rare occasion an item or two that might make ONE (not all) of your militia men a little bit stronger.I'll reiterate that this game is great. It has a great vision, shows promise, and is fun to play, but I do agree with others when they say that the game needs more direction. Like I said, it's all too easy to fall into a position where there's absolutely no tangible reason to expand."
,Recommended,224440,15730562,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,brettthuntley,"Awesome game, very thought out. the only downside is the limited amount of trees, needs to be a forester that replants trees so ur not stuck moving your houses and woodcutters around to sustain a large city."
76561198039276457,Recommended,224440,15735126,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,SirStig,"At first, this game truly did suck. Now that it has been developed more and the new Alpha 20 has come. This game is really fun to play. You can still tell its an early access game just by some buildings not being implemented yet, and some other very minor bugs. Over all this game is a great game now."
76561198005374326,Recommended,224440,15735634,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Coman Metalhail,"The game may still be in early access and parts are still not working well at all, I've been loving the game.  It has tonnes of character and challenge.   I can hardly wait to see what the final product is like."
76561198032068851,Recommended,224440,15736049,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,WatersMoon110,"From other reviews, I see that this game has been in development for quite some time, but I just got it after the newest update. This game is obviously unfinished, and not all features work yet; none the less,I have greatly enjoyed playing it so far. The graphics are cute, and I like all the little snippets that people say when I order them about. Equipping items is not working all the way, and this makes fighting all about mobbing the enemies that are sitting around the map.I would recommend this game, but really impatient people might want to wait until it has been updated a few more times."
76561198007128484,Recommended,224440,15740177,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,hammerhead,"based on build .3 latest version as of may.   have just got game in sale. played thru tutorial no bugs and found it very enjoyable. played about 1.5 hours on easy map also enjoyed this. this is a good and enjoyable game still in early dev. so still some elements missing. well worth the sale price, in my opinion as long as you accept that the game is not yet finneshed. lookin forward to playing more and future updates"
,Recommended,224440,15747894,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Atheed,I do not have many hours into this game yet...But I love the ideas and the gameplay is smooth...I just bought May 8th 2015. I do not know or care about the two year dev cycle as long as this point on they keep improving the game....All in all I would give a 4/5 early access.
76561197999297840,Recommended,224440,15748620,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,mikeb6428,NICE GAME  The last update made a good game.
76561198167117920,Recommended,224440,15803651,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,looking for 95' leo,"I just got this game and I freaking love it, even if it is in early access it is worth my bucks!Btw, I have a little problem with one of my peasants, he is stuck in my windmill and I can't make him out, does anyone know a solution pls?"
,Recommended,224440,15877812,"Posted: 17 May, 2015",all,FiretrucK,"Solid game. Development is a little slow-going at times, but the product is shaping up to be incredibly enjoyable and very polished. The negative reviews seem to focus on the length of time development is taking, not the gameplay itself. Waiting sucks, but a bad game sucks more."
76561198050856237,Not Recommended,224440,21829274,"Posted: 13 March, 2016",all,Rich,"Been in alpha for what seems like almost 2 years. I would't recommend buying it until it gets a little bit further along. It has made good progress, but still needs work. In no way is it worth the price paid, maybe half that or a quarter. Beware early access. -03/2016"
,Recommended,224440,15764570,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,DarkPlague,"The randomness of this game is...epic to say the least. I love every aspect of this game so far and hopefully once it is fully completed and released it will be my new favorite game. The way you can build up a city and have to defend it and yet also make sure everyone is fed, happy, healthy, and even warm makes it amazing. I want more...so much more."
,Recommended,224440,15793925,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Littlethorns,"This game needs a lot of work although it is quite enjoyable at first all later game features haven't been implemented and some fighting mechanics really need a lot of work. Could be a very good game once finished but for now if you want a game with a lot of options, this isn't it."
76561198142245824,Recommended,224440,15716980,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,SethEverard,"So far, a lot of fun!  Lots of potential!!  looking forward to completion!"
76561197960314958,Recommended,224440,15704318,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Lëgënd,"Admittedly development of the game has been slow, with that being said though they are constantly working on it and the content that is released is very good.  The game is entertaining and has many good ideas, just wish it would come along quicker.  Eagerly awaiting beta and a final product."
,Recommended,224440,16293026,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Schrutenator,This game is a perfect example of how early access should go. The devs are fufilling everything that they said they would and the game is getting better and better. Can't wait to watch the progress of this game unfold.
,Recommended,224440,16020057,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Bob XXIII,"I really like this game. It's beautiful, the sounds and graphics really immerse you. It still has a ways to go, but I'm very impressed so far with what the devs have done."
76561198035561197,Recommended,224440,16404028,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,LadyShiva,"Folk Tale is great so far. Having been a fan of games like Black and White and age of mythology, I have  high hopes for the village builing and possible quests."
76561197991932747,Recommended,224440,16159196,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,13 Llamas,"I love this sort of game, absolutely wonderful, can't wait for all of the features to become available! Very exited."
76561198006549836,Recommended,224440,8814879,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Willaim2u,This game is currently in developement  But from what I have been able to play up until now has been truly fun.  The team developing this is taking their sweet time with the update patches but they have a gem here.  I can't wait to see where they will take this.  Deffinately worth getting on board now while its cheap.  The finished product shows a lot of promise  to be a truly great kindom building game with RTS and RPG elements.  Did I mention it has a lot of humor in it as well?
,Recommended,224440,15795731,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,Pat (ty cake),"My advice: Get it nowThis game is beautiful. It can be compared to banished BUT IT IS DIFFERENT**I cannot stop playing**Banished is a very difficult and tedious game... but this is completely different because of a few things.- You control the population- Resource collecting in general is less of a chore and more of a joy- Crafting- Loot from enemies- Fighting, which I'll get into here- Enemies spawn in groups across the map. There are even enemy strongholds- You build barracks to make soldiers- Anyone can fight but they ^ are the best- There are bears, wolverine-like clawed monsters, spiders and their nests, enemies weilding axes, etc.- Research can be performed increasing the efficiency and benefits of all the buildings (they are all different)- Huge impressive defensive walls can be built- You can make a gate anywhere in the wall- You can mount crossbows on the wall towers to fend off invaders-----------It's early access... there's so much more coming!The few cons (I'm not listing things that are not implemented like potion ingredients because it will become irrelevant eventually)- Disease spreads like wildfire, and while it's not devestating at all if you manage it, the narrator announces whenever someone becomes sick which is often- Some may say the spiders come too frequently, but if you take out the nest they will stop coming. They sort of patrol around it. (A fun feature for me but maybe annoying to some who don't want to fight)- I can't think of any other consThis is just a beautiful, original (as far as I can tell) and addicting game. The balance is unmatched by anything else out there right now with the addition of rpg fighting mechanics and strategic placements of guards and walls.My advice: Get it now."
76561198068002611,Recommended,224440,15797073,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,senormom1,"So many unnecessary bad reviews!!! This is not just a game but a game within game creation software!!! It is almost unfair to call it a game. I swore to myself after so many abandon ware or early access quiters or whatever kind of crap game rip off that comes along i was not going to ""buy"" another game. Most of the bad reviews mainly discuss the 2 years in early access. Yes i agree that 2 years is a little long for early access but... the producer is small and METICULOUS so deserves a little slack. o.k. i did not buy this game 2 years ago so maybe my frustration level is not as high as someone who did; but all you have to do is mess around with this ""system/game/what have you"" and you will see the potential this title has. I look at it like this; if you have a game that allows modding or level development you have a virtual unlimited game. Add to this that mod levels are often better than the developers. Look what the world has given us with the Bethesda products! Skyrim is 5 years old and is still relevant in any current game of the year discussion. This title has not reached that level but it has the possibility. As far as updates to this game?? After i promised to not ""buy"" any other games i started to keep an eye on this one. I started in January and by May there were significant additions and changes to this title so that i decided to break my decision and purchase this game.  I am not sorry i did...btw i have significantly more time in this title than is illustrated."
76561197995117233,Recommended,224440,16260109,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,wempire,Not a bad game. Needs a lot of work tho.
76561198020898957,Recommended,224440,8099875,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,zoo_blue_shoot,"Awesome, but just waiting till full game is out. Cant more games be like this?"
,Recommended,224440,15775863,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,*Karissma*,"Fun game! Building, fighting, and great graphics! Could use a little more information and help within the Editors but still a lot of fun."
,Recommended,224440,15779490,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Prodigygam3er,love this game first good sanbox game. there is still a couple of bugs in the game atm. E.G. building the tailor in my current game. But other then that i would give this game a 10/10
76561198074186752,Recommended,224440,15779607,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,HusseyMan,"I have only had a small amount of experience with this game and it' still new and in developent and overall it has been fun, the game still has ton of poential and I'd love to see where it goes from here :)"
,Recommended,224440,15782131,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Vess,"Just finished the tutorial and I am very impressed.  Felt very well done, love the mix of city builder and RPG.  The controls handled nicely and everything felt very polished.  Did not expect this level of a quality from a small dev team or an EA game, major kudos to them.I will be playing through the other maps and exploring every part I can.  Looking forward to the future of this game."
76561197995045975,Recommended,224440,15790818,"Posted: 11 May, 2015",all,nrugs4,"This is a quick review regarding Alpha version 0.3.0.  Got this on a Steam sale for $14.99.  Honestly, it was an impulse buy after a crappy day at work.  At a glance, it looked fun, thought I might play for an hour or so then call it quits, like with most early release games I buy.  They provide a nice distraction, but I rarely get hooked.Folk Tale, however, did not disappoint.  I'm still playing it, and can't seem to get enough.  Even at this early stage.It should be noted that my girlfriend and myself, who are both playing it, are huge fans of the Fable series by Lionhead (except for Legends...whats that even about?!).  We love the setting, the characters, the humor, the art, all of it.  So Folk Tale is a natural fit for us.  Its a beautiful fantasy setting where everything has tons of character.  The buildings are unique and stand out amoung the beautifully rendered landscapes.  The people who live in your town are fun to watch as they go about their day doing their thing, whatever that is that you assign them to.  The interface is intuitive, but offers a ton of complexity if you want to get down and dirty.  Once I found that I could even start assigning clothes and armor to my townfolk I was completely enamored.  I imagine you could just play from a 50,000-foot level and just manage a-la 'god sim' or get down and really micromanage each and every one of your townfolk.Personally, I love a good sim where I can make my townfolk happy and prosperous, and the idea that I can send them off on quests and watch as my world becomes a kingdom...well...I'm hooked.  It's fun, easy to learn, but complicated and with enormous depth, and they still have a ways to go, which to me means it's only going to become more and more awesome!  I love where it's going, and can't wait to see what's next."
76561198007488824,Recommended,224440,26030101,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Murigrim,"I brought this a long time ago.It was bare. It felt very early access.The developers were active and helpful at the time but I still felt the game was ""too early access"" at that time.I have recently played this game and now there is a game behind it. It is playable and most of all it is a lot of fun.Plays differently to most RTS town builders available right now, this one has more of an RPG feel with nice quests and hero interaction.This game is and was definitely worth my time.I just want to say a BIG thank you to the developers for all the hard work they have done on this title. It has came a long way and I look forward to playing the finished game."
76561198035450493,Recommended,224440,19254462,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,JII,"beautiful elements, but it needs some meat on the bones. It needs the RPG element to shine and the threats to loom for good reason. Also for a city building element I'd like more control over building of castles etc."
,Not Recommended,224440,19811259,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Magus,"Really...they leave over not having enough mead??? I get alllll of the other thing satisfied, which is NOT that easy. Then build a tavern, but I guess 1 tavern for 30 people isint enough, so slowly everyone leaves...CAMPAIGN MODE IS BRUTAL. Good game but jeeze."
76561197964944742,Not Recommended,224440,19826782,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Binkus,"I wish i hadn't paid money for this.and I really do not like leaving bad reviews for all the hard work people put into gamesIt had lots of things i love but grew to hate this oh so quicklyi loved stronghold, many 3rd person clickies, kingdom management and put them together for joy you say?... oh noyour hardened peasants are pathetic, warm, well fed and protected would have kept many of the medieval peasants happy not in this, if they are not wearing a brand new t shirt and have a pint in their hands they will jump ship at the first opportunity.. and not just a general malaise unhappiness seriously kicking the dog and throwing the toys out of their pram unhappy.this started the downward spiral, the adventure type missions pigeon hole a champion character in to an instance, slow and clumsy and far too easyI know all too well this is an EAG and things need to be ironed out but they have started on a very unsatisfying gaming experience which means it i really has a ton of work to doEquipment should be taken automatically by the peasants when available unless you state otherwise.Indicators for what and who is available for work, and peasants while not doing anything form around a single pointwall building broken into towers and wallswhen you group by ctrl and number camera to flick to groupenemy spawn is just annoyingviewing distance is far too smallunhappiness in village goes from manageable to everyone has left in secondsinventory does not need to show so much wood etc a store bar at the top is good enoughmarket place is a wtf is going on experience you can and cant buy certain things?i cannot put my finger on it but this is should be a good game but it really isn't"
76561198066293072,Recommended,224440,19971305,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Baal,"Great game, and still a lot to come. Dont want to write a review, there are already good ones about it, just wanted to help balance the negative unfounded (mostly were done a long time ago) feedback."
76561198112135376,Recommended,224440,15706260,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,LadyTerra,"Over all this is very well done.  Huge variety of buildings, lots of available and diverse research, a full crafting menu.  It does run hot on my gaming machine, and the camera controls are a little wonky.  Could benefit from a personnel management tab.I am a city builder from way back, for me 2 thumbs way up!"
,Recommended,224440,16307854,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Barbie,"This game gets better with every patch. I look forward to the day that it finally becomes completed, but you can see a pretty awesome look into their development athttp://blog.gamesfoundry.com/.Until then, it's only fun for short times, but you can really see the potential."
76561198063902743,Recommended,224440,16376392,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Lone Wolf,a good game but only one problem .. it keeps closing straight to desk top .. and that is only after half an hour og game play
,Recommended,224440,16370800,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,nGBeast,"Game is going along really well, the devs behind this game are super transparent and have kept all the backers in the loop. I recommend checking out their updates on their website,http://blog.gamesfoundry.com/"
76561198100520266,Recommended,224440,11853184,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,supremecommander,"This game is good and has a lot of potential, they have been consistent with the patches and the game may be progressing a little slowly , but it is turning out to be a pretty good game, it just needs bug fixes and more game modes and more buidlings and more actions for the peseants"
76561198052469457,Recommended,224440,11350977,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,DUCK,"Latest Updated 14.11.14Game 0.2.10Old 12.08.14Old 0.2.7Watch for info for the future! also see blog for more view over creatures buildings etchttp://www.gamesfoundry.com/roadmap.aspxAbsulotly can't recomend it if you just want to buy it now..To buy it now for the RTS building aspect of this game is not yet there (still in E.A. so keep that in mind alot needs for resnable gameplay)If you want to buy now it would be great support for game// MOVE OUT PEASNTS AND LEVEL UP TO 9000! SLAY THOSE BASTEREDS THAT TOOK OUR // ""TOAST""! ... and get your wife back too, right?Still in devolpment and got no goal in terms of what to do ingame. When it possably get AI enemys with own town or atleast can progress like you just like age of empires and might and magic series (battle vs another faction AI not in for the moment).Pros- Many small details that is worth noticing! (do make you get the feeling for your town)- Well fitting artwork- Good animations- Good varity of units enemies (more to come maybe going into 10+? creatures, ingame there is 3 factions 2 more too come I belive that is right?)- Do need to think where to place building strategic (depends on the map creater if bad design then played bad thats how this game would work, a good map = a good exp!)Cons- Tutorial outdated (going to be reworked later on)- Buildings/res is not balanced or working as it should? (buildings when building it is not right as of yet or timing and res amount is way off for now going to be balanced later on)- Battles is not fully there yet (no Heros or many other things that is going into the game)- Save/load (do not fully work at the moment going to be implemented ofc)- Leveling up dosen't work at the moment- Stats/ablities isnt ready yet (Coming next update?)- Only Tier 1 is in fuction (tier 2 and 3 is somewhat ready but not as of yet)- Pathfinding not allways that cind with you..Now its more about doing the awsome tutorial a thousend times :PHavent seen how they are going to make us care about the peasnt and towns folk yet..Atleast the devs are advancing this game and looks like they want to complete it with love in their hearts :) Leveling up works but skills after leveling up do not work (like more health to unit or damage and such).No workable combat spells or attack abilitys (exept few prev build stuff just added in for fun).So there is a long road to actuly get to say if I like the game or not but this far I have loved the game in how they update and were they go with this.Editor is basic and creating maps by placeing tileset here and there not as advanced like hammer or have the same freedom (scripts, adjustments to a unit/object),and  maybe adding script or changeable numbers like health, damage on obejects like when you want a giant to have more health then a normal enemy (used scale tool on enemy but no change in health and no change in damage)."
76561198005158077,Recommended,224440,14698909,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,KerbostanKommand,Quality wee game. needs a bit of a tutorial as theres alot going on but the guides can walk you through it.
,Not Recommended,224440,21247740,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Dickhead,Damn son. 3 years and there still ain't much in this game. Thanks Folk Tale.
76561198026441907,Recommended,224440,9468775,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Frankie,After all the recent patches its a much nicer game!still i say 8/10
76561197962226663,Not Recommended,224440,18811996,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Roda,I am pretty sure this game will never finish... I bought it on EArelease and could not stay longer then 6h in it... The game started very diffrent from what I can play now. Feels like centurys waiting for an update. At the beginning it had a good idea to it but until now it feels dull for me. This is one of the games where you will learn not to buy any EarlyAccess games because you will mostliky get ripped offThis is MY opinion on this product.
76561198087154155,Recommended,224440,22889986,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,Karendesh,"I bought this program when you very first had early access, I am impressed with the work that has been put into this game.  It is refreshing to see a game company that cares more about the player base than the bottom dollar. I am very glad I helped this game with my contribution. I think as it stands it is a fun game and I like the direction that it is going. The level editor gives us the option for endless amounts of content, not to mention it has a campaign mode as well as a sandbox mode. REMEMBER IT IS EARLY ACCESS AND ANYTHING WORTH HAVING IN LIFE, IS WORTH WAITING FOR!!!"
76561198080479592,Not Recommended,224440,17236887,"Posted: 26 July, 2015",all,Jochann,"The game's ideia is very good, but the most part of the game is still ""not implemented"".In like 2 hours you already builded everything in the game and have nothing to do, just ""waiting for the game to be released"""
76561197960787624,Recommended,224440,15725020,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Arthidon,"This game deserves a much higher score than it has. Also I might add that ALL the comments about the game not changing much is Rubbish. This game is the perfect example, like Star Citizen, of developers consitantly listening and iterating to the community and leveraging new funds to expand the game to something much greater than it was. They have just gotten to the tail end of actually developing the engine technology and will be building the RPG content and story. I highly recomend this game for I support their vission, which they have done nothing but prove they are consistantly achieving and moving towards through frequent updates. They also stream several times a week and interact with the community often."
,Recommended,224440,14731269,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Tezzdog,"This is a game with huge potential that i steadily moving towards fulfilling it.  At the moment, it is a basic strategy game with some RPG elements, witha humorous tinge to the characters that makes it an extremely rewarding game.  I can never wait patiently till more content is released, which is a regular occurence!  I definitely recommend buying it."
76561198033499573,Recommended,224440,15732432,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Maly,Great game so far
,Recommended,224440,15713857,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Deadahead,"This game has come a long way from when I first started playing it.   If you love sim and strategy games, then this is a must buy.  Each update the game has only gotten better, and the devs are doing a great job staying in touch with the community.  If you have a problem with Early Access, then don't buy this game and don't wine about how long it's been in early access.  The longer it's in early access, the more they can tailor the game to what the players want and squash those pesky bugs!"
76561198094733442,Recommended,224440,13000520,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,GameMox,Its a game that is going places with great active Devs. Its a new idea to the game market a true sandbox with rpg mixed in.
76561198028517890,Recommended,224440,15704563,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,tectaljungle,"Fun, and has alot of potential. Not really sure what people where expecting, but if this becomes what it wants to become, it will be awesome. Very similar to The Settlers. True that the rts is slightly lacking currently, its more just having the better equiped guys who just kill everything taking little to no damage.Some few bugs, here and there. Selling your storehouse effectively makes gold dissapear from the game, making many things now impossible. Keeping everyone happy is nearly impossible, as goods take a while to get around.All in all, fun game, but would probably wait a bit."
76561198028740993,Recommended,224440,15711731,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Mangles,"I read the reviews. Early Access means their still working on content. If the game play is solid, that is a bonus for me and I don't care if its early access forever, as long as they keep pushing content, however long it takes. I watched someone play it on Twitch. Looked like Banished but with spiders! With the sale price, I couldn't pass up buying it.Doing the tutoral now. Its Got KoBolds!!! My villagers beat up the Kobolds with their fists! One of the Kobolds dropped a shield. We are on our way to becomming Masters of the Universe!The gameplay is solid so far.  The only thing I see that is needed is an ""Idle Pesant"" button or/and a Rally Flag, at this point. I might have to gather up my slavess.... err peasents for some beatingss.. errr, letcures.You like Survival! You like pushing peasents around! You like beating Kobolds to a pulp with your fists!Buy This NOW! Recommend!Edit: Be sweet if this became multiplayer, too."
,Recommended,224440,15710371,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,PCGNeurotic,"I've had this for a while, and although I don't play it too often (I think the time played counter was reset with a big version change), whenever I do play I always have a good time. It's changed quite a lot in the time that I've had it, and although progress is quite slow, each update makes the game more robust technically, and more interesting to play. It's a bit like old-skool Settlers, but with a colourful, chunky Warcraft-like feel to the graphics. The VO work is professional and very well done, and the script is much better than average too. I suspect some of the unhappy reviews are from people who have followed it for a long time and are dissappointed by the speed of the updates, or the fact that it's more of a city-builder/RTS/RPG hybrid, but taken on its own merits, it's solid fun, and quite engrossing too."
76561198005678744,Recommended,224440,26155027,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,fishpickles,"Absolutely love this game, and the direction it is going. Great humour and gameplay."
,Recommended,224440,28578243,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Reebo,"I've played through the campaign to where I hit a problem right at the end, but that's to be expected in a beta/alpha mode.The game is intersting and fun.  I like it.  One has to take it with a garin of salt though as it's an unfinished work.  I appreciate wherr it's going and what it's trying to do.  If you will be overly frustrated with features that are not yet implemented or some balance issues that are not ironed out yet, just wait for it to get further along before you buy it.  But you SHOULD buy it because it's a nice piece of work.I see a lot of folks making a big deal out of demanding that the devs add battle pausing.  To the point of claiming the game belongs to the players and not the developers.  I'll just toss in my opinion here...  are you ready?  Poppycock.  The game belongs to the devs.  They can do whatever the dratted well please to do.  You don't like it?  Don't play it.  You get one vote and one vote only, in economics it's call the dollar vote.The battles can be a bit challenging and I can certainly see where someone is thinking ""But if I could just fire off every ability for every character at once I'd be able to win!!!!!""    Sadly this is a false assumption.  The game just needs some additional balancing, to where what you CAN get done is ENOUGH to get you through. But that's a bit further down the road in the cycle where they get into the fine balancing. In the meantime, stop trying to dictate what they develope based on your one little viewpoint.  If you've ever spent years of your live slaving away over making one game in a small team, send them a nice letter explaining your viewpoint, I'm sure they will appreciate it.  Otherwise accept that you don't understand every factor in what you are asking for.  Don't assume that just suddenly ADDING pausing after the game engine is essentially written is all that easy.  Depending on their queueing and methodology that could be a highly complex change that theratens to break many deep and intrinsically complex aspects of the code.  I can see a lot of love and sweat went into this by a small team and you just need to give them some time to work things out.Anyways.  Two thumbs up for making something I found enjoyable.  Can't wait to see where it's going and try it out again in a few months."
,Recommended,224440,15711109,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Eggy,"If you enjoy sandbox style games then this is showing promise.The resource gathering, harvesting and building is presented very well. With the cartoonish graphics, audio and weather / atmospheric effects adding to the game play.  Sitting somewhere in between Settlers7 and Banished.If you enjoy story driven content, then you need to wait and see.  At the moment, there is less story content than there has been previously. (Which was the main reason for my purchase).  More has been promised (see further posts).---- original review ----Game has completely changed direction from what was first offered.  Purchased years ago on early access for a promise of a fun and interesting story.  This has now been totally removed and the game changed into 100% sandbox.Its now a micro management nightmare, with a clunky GUI and a slow camera.After 2 years in early access there seemingly no end in sight with no clear vision from the developers.----"
76561198017203380,Recommended,224440,28268740,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Alexiel,"Very nice game, I'm waiting for this game some long timeMore content for the village and it's perferct !"
76561198000285363,Recommended,224440,28522523,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Mizare,"I love this game! ....butthere is some problems with it, biggest being FPS drop after you are starting to have large village, it needs to be optimised better, going down from 60fps to 15 is unacceptable. (15fps or even less)other problem I've had is monsters just stop attacking at some point :(besides that I'm enjoying myself quite lot, villagers are happy, heroes work, there is lots to do, story is awesome!(Spider Hugs! Spider Hugs with FANGSSS, ""Hugssss with Fangsss are besssst!"" :D )There is still lots to be implemented & I would love to see more upgrades to building, hopefully villagers too :)8/10"
76561198077705880,Not Recommended,224440,32480546,Posted: 16 June,all,Beaujetto,Just save your money or spend it on something else
76561198021652296,Not Recommended,224440,35329559,Posted: 30 September,all,Dashotosho,"So I had almost forgotten about this game... that should really tell you everything you need to know.  I must have gotten it three years ago and it's still in Early Access.  If any of you play Starbound or know about its journey through Early Access, Starbound puts this one to shame.  There's a chart here (on the store page) showing updates and though I can't confirm with 100% certainty I believe it's total BS, I really don't remember that many updates coming in anywhere near that fast.  Which according to the chart isn't very fast at all.  So that should tell you a lot as well.  I'll put more information below but theTL;DRisWait for it to release and then patch at least two-three times after before you buy.The base gameplay is pretty fun, though I personally have a little trouble following it because it has changed a bit over the years.  The game certainly has a lot of potential.  To me it feels like Warcraft II, but with a mjor graphics update and completely different story and characters, sandbox playstyle and 100% story driven with no multi player and no skirmish type system or obvious enemy.  So it's not an RTS is essentially what I'm saying.  The characters are fun and there's some humor and stuff.  Some great potential for sure but... it's just been in Early Access so long and the updates seem so few and far between that I really can't reccommend it unless there's some kind of amazing sale and you find it for like $3 or less.  If that's the case sure pick it up because you'll get that much good out of it."
,Recommended,224440,26368803,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Sarger,"Village builder with all the things we want from industry chains and exploring to battles and dungeon crawling. Nice visual and soundtrack. Still EA, so it will be even better over time. Keep playing."
,Recommended,224440,26378474,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,psopro2,"I highly recommend this game, with that said I do not have much play time. I tend to hop on for the minimal amount to check updates and see whats new. I don't want to burn out prior to release like rust. When i first started the game it was a true alpha game in the sense that the menu was clunky and commands were unresponsive etc. Today the game plays smooth as butter. The menu's are smooth and easily accessed. It has a settlers 6 feel to it that I have missed for a long time. This game has a very bright future.The biggest thing with the development of any early access title is developer communication and patches. The patches for this game are consistent and worthwhile. There is a roadmap on there site showing which direction they are headed in and whats going to be in each patch. I am also impressed to see the developer actually posting in the forums and responding to questions etc when he has the time. This is one of the few titles that will be completed in early access and I am proud to have supported it in some way. If you like city managing/developing you won't be disappointed. There is alot of things still coming to the game and I could not be more excited. Anyhow, I highly recommend this game to everyone."
76561197976088506,Not Recommended,224440,28606395,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,WhiteGold761,Currently dead until further notice.  Move along no game to see here.  Sad story of another game slowly becoming another space base DF-9 disaster.  We will see I suppose but I won't be following closely.  Too many other games out their ATM to give a hoot anymore about how this eventually turns out years down the road.
,Not Recommended,224440,28958310,Posted: 2 January,all,TheMaster1,"Haven't played much, but as an life-time RTS and RPG gamer, i see the following problems/ideas:---New buttons:----No ''patrol'' button for units or an AI that works for soldiers to auto-defend the city/villagers.-A ''stance'' button, one for passive, one for neutral, another for agressive, maybe another for protect. That way you can really decide what each unit does/does not do.-A button to ''autocraft'' necessary items for buildings. Lets say a baracks could have  either leather, cloth or metal gear. We could select ''keep the baracks stocked with X''.---Buildings:----Walls would be a nice addition too.-An option to be able to increase turret range. Currently their range sucks a bit xD---Heroes:----Heroes need a passive ability system or a range of abilities you pick as you level up.-Different heroes? Melee, ranger, magic? and then subclasses etc etc...---For the game in general:----Needs to be more complex. Little incentive to grow your town. All the buildings mainly aim to give your citizens more happyness and the only thing happyness does is increase immigration. Too simple. Boring.-An AI that builds the same way you do and advances.---------------Personal reccomendation:''As described on the store page, Folk Tale isn't an RTS in the traditional sense nor a CRPG...it's more an ARPG that's taking a MOBA approach to heroes, so there won't be subclassing etc.''-Games Foundry  [developer]If you take this game from a MOBA approach, lets consider the heroes. In a MOBA i'd expect a multiplayer escenario. Yet this game is focused on single player too. So what do we have? A very simple heroe system where one starts with a set of abilities and nothing but your gear gets better. So where is the fun? Doing 1 objective here and there? It will get repetitive very soon with no real challenge with lack of complexity.If it were for me, i'd do a RTS + APRG + MOBA all in 1. Yes, all 3 at the same time. How cool would that be? You would have the complexity of RTS games + the excitement of ARPG + the MOBA experience. But right now, this game is lacking in all 3 XDObviously i know this is very hard and you probably won't do this, but it would definately become my favourite game if you did so!---Things done/corrected:----Sustainable trees. CHECK! (Was already in)-Towers/defence that automatically defend (Is in the game)---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Ill continue to increase the amount of things i see as i continue to play more and more.Nonetheless the idea of the game is brilliant!! I love thisPS: I don't reccomend it YET because it is not finished/needs more stuff."
,Recommended,224440,26438800,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,nomak2k,Was a bit unsure to start off with but a few hours in i forgot i was playing early release and was getting annoyed at the lack of functionality in place BUT that can only be a good thing really!Game is fun and even teh campign although short is enough to want more so fingers crossed for an expasanvie campign going forward.gameplay can be a bit slow and confusing at times but defending your town is a ♥♥♥♥♥.. but like i said it's early release and really looking forward to seeing whats to come
76561198022695788,Not Recommended,224440,34298264,Posted: 16 August,all,Hax_The_Unjust,"I bought this game over year ago because it looked very promising... updates were slow and finally just stopped.  Its dead game and I don't expect it to return.  I have 25 mins in the game, wish I could get a refund this company is a ripoff. They're lucky if I had my way? Well they would be forced to refund every dollar they got for this project even from personal accounts.. lameduck companies need to quit with the EA ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t very much so when the game is years away from being finished! THAT IS NOT WHAT EA IS ABOUT... and its why its a system that's being exploited, hopefully steam fixes this problem in the future."
76561198030799574,Recommended,224440,28585987,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,upotheke,"Pleasantly good game. A very good mix of city building and diablo-style dungeon crawling. The combat could be further refined, as the AI is competent but you would like to see more capacity for managing different roles among your party.I did find a frustration with the constant marauding during campaign mode, a day/night cycle will likely go without challenge, and due to the creatures scaling faster than the xp of your heroes, the lowly vermin start to ravage your town. Something to tune this down, allow for better early defenses (ai for guards, making the guards even somewhat self-sufficient), or some other solution would be appreciated.Overall a good time, reasonable graphics on 4k w/ ultra settings, and cheeky humor make for a fun distraction. 8/10, worth full price, must buy if its on sale."
76561198024345351,Recommended,224440,14428682,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Bad at games,"UpdateStarted up the game today and I was surprised. New buldings, polished animations and models,and a new tutorial for the game as is. Seems to be making progress. Would like to see more frequent patches and updates, but i will settle for a unique and in depth medieval town sim upon completion. (hopefully)"
76561198026718975,Recommended,224440,17747297,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,halmal242,"This game is fun and it is only partially done.  I know this seems short but the point of buying a game is simply, is the game fun for the money you paid for it, and the answer is yes.  Please keep up the good work Devs."
76561198010168937,Recommended,224440,15297121,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Viscount Thalvaus,"tldr; Highly recommend supporting this game if you're into early access (I.e. the game is not yet finished), enjoy the genre and like supporting true indie titles.Helpful staff that was easy to get into contact when finding a bug during early early access (I spoke to a developer through Steam Chat directly when it first released -- which impressed me that he took the time out of his day -- with regards to fixing a problem / bug I had with the game).  Frequent updates on website pertaining what their goals are next.  Good changes and ideas implemented from when the game was initially placed on Early Access.  In addition, you can look for yourself on the steam discussion forums how much they have interacted with the playerbase.Definitely a game that they keep working on and haven't abandoned; statistics show they hired more people to their small team some time ago.  Granted, such was researched by myself last year and I haven't the time to do such lately.  However, they frequently release videos and updates on their website located at:http://www.gamesfoundry.com/default.aspxSandbox mode is fairly fun to partake in.  The game's future overall looks bright.  Hoping early reviews of the early access campaign won't affect them too much when they finally have a working released version.  The RPG village builder idea also seems to be coming along quite nicely.When it comes to the actual content of the game, I will not make mention.  It's early access, and things will change.  Their website has many videos, and there are other who have their opinions on the matter.  In addition, there many be many videos online, though most of those are from the early edition of early access when it first released.  The game has since be vastly updated with new technology and is no longer limited to the tutorial (and there are no longer building placement restrictions outside of said tutorial).This review is of my opinion on April 10th, 2015.  Most of my gameplay time is from early, early access and late last year.  If you're into supporting development teams, this is a good one to invest in.  I'm constantly coming back to look at updates out of interest.  In addition, the game developer seems to be open to criticism -- as most should be -- to ultimately make for a better product in the end."
76561198019139464,Recommended,224440,15495691,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,blackbeer,"Devs did a great job so far. There is still much to be done, lookking forward to it."
,Not Recommended,224440,13635183,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Hedges,Just an empty game. DO NOT BUY
,Not Recommended,224440,25861850,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,JaCrispy,"(update: has been abandoned)People wouldn't wait for Fallout 5 in EA, for 4 years in Alpha...Let alone a game that has changed its genre 10 times over and a dev team that thought letting the community decide the development path was good idea... (hello? ...have you met the Steam community?  Not exactly a bunch of future physicists)It's hard to feel bad though, people told them they wanted ""sandbox""... devs didn't know what ""sandbox"" meant......People said over and over ""you are taking too long""... devs took longer...There were a lot of fanboys here, that were giving a lot of false hope... the devs seemed to listen to the few of them, instead of the hundreds of others...All in all, Folk Tale is a solid lesson in how to run your business into the ground and NOT make an EA game..."
76561197985498445,Recommended,224440,30507605,Posted: 14 March,all,ElrondMD,"One of the best early access games I have come across. Campaign will entertain you for 10 or so hours, definately worth investing in, the team seems to be far more active then many other games I play."
,Recommended,224440,33637371,Posted: 18 July,all,Twowords,"I love this game.  Yes it has taken a long time to impliment things and what not.  I understand that you are seriously low staffed compared to other games but still it seems like you guys have taken a bit longer than normal.  It is still very fun to play.  If you want a relaxing game that adds some challenges to it this is the one for you.My only serious complaint is that developers shouldn't threaten their customers with not finishing or completing a game because of negative reviews.  Negative reviews should mean to the devs that ""Oh hey maybe we should do something about this"" rather than asking people to give fake feedback. A question for the Devs here is if someone was to review a product that you were to go and buy would you look at the reviews and want honest reviews or fake reviews?"
,Not Recommended,224440,33753333,Posted: 23 July,all,DeCoder68W,This game lost my confidence. Fun for about 30 minutes.
,Not Recommended,224440,33876926,Posted: 29 July,all,Fuzz,Abandoned.
76561198306363047,Recommended,224440,31871505,Posted: 20 May,all,Gorgon,I've been playing Folk Tale on a friends computer and really enjoying it (my total playing time must be at least 30 hours). I purchased a copy for myself but my old video card couldn't handle it so I had to refund. But I am in process of updating my video card so I can at last get my own copy.This is a brilliant game and a lot of fun. I don't mind the early access thing as long as the game as it stands is always playable and entertaining. No problem there. Looking forward to getting my new card and my own copy.Top marks.
76561197995822286,Recommended,224440,34045922,Posted: 5 August,all,Travitar,"Fun game, even in its current state.  Still giving thumbs up even though it's abandoned as the devs pulled it from the store."
76561197969690315,Not Recommended,224440,28836944,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Nombly,"So I've been watching this game on my wishlist for... about 3 years now. Since it's still in Early access... in it's 3rd year on steam... that says a little something, but I digress. When it finally went on sale this year, I picked it up to play it finally.Now, this game is pretty fun, and I do recommend it.. if you have patience, it does have faults.It kind of doesn't know what type of game it wants to be... on the one hand it's got this cool kinda city builder thing going on, and on the other it's got this dungeon crawler stuff... That sounds interesting, right? Well.. yes and no, it's a little clunky.It also still has bugs, two that I've had in the last hr or so of playing. During a boss fight one of my characters became charmed, and when he was released from it.. he was 14 levels higher and had 999999 hp or something like that. At another point I ran from a battle and two of my heroes died... and the game tried to pull a ""Your character will revive in 4079:59 (68 real life hours)."" I restarted from an earlier save and lost some progress because of it.Also I discovered pretty late into the campaign that the world map can be used as a teleporter. If it ever tells you this, I don't know, but I wasted wayy to much time playing errand boy running from one dungeon area to the next repeatedly, and was annoyed when I figured it out.Either way... Was this game worth 3 years waiting for a sale to get? I'd say yes, it's not worth the current full price in my opinion. It's not really even worth the price on sale unfortunately.Edit: After thinking on it a little more, I do think this game will be ok in the future, but I don't recommend buying it right now."
76561198072184175,Recommended,224440,30825712,Posted: 29 March,all,-A|3oY-,The Next Warcraft!!9/10 - Keep up a good work DEV
76561197988290128,Recommended,224440,28718154,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,Sithmedic,"This game has a lot to offer for those who like Warcraft3, or Spellforce. The mix of Heroes plus base building is a nice mix.That being said, this game a long way to go. The Heroes a not ballanced well, and the AI needs some work. The game feels very much in Alpha with a boat load of missing features and abilities.I would like to see: Smarter AI with heroes, Villiagers able to have skills (especially the soldiers), better crafting in the blacksmiths that give the heroes something to equip, and general MORE TO DO.TLDR:Good game. LOTS of potential.Not complete, missing a lot of features and ballance issues."
76561198009926101,Recommended,224440,30458008,Posted: 11 March,all,Balkin,Game is pretty fun for an early access game... cant wait to see more content and polish!!
,Recommended,224440,28480585,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,NihlusGreen,"Has a solid base already, with great potential further on"
76561198039388430,Not Recommended,224440,34300303,Posted: 16 August,all,Samail,I wanted to suprt this game but after all this time all we got is this pile of crap. Don't get it 'til they finish this game.
76561198127038336,Not Recommended,224440,35225263,Posted: 26 September,all,Rand al'Thor,To all who may wish to buy this game no...just no
76561197996735337,Not Recommended,224440,34371820,Posted: 20 August,all,blubbo,Afaict abandoned. :/
76561197976191112,Not Recommended,224440,34533408,Posted: 27 August,all,Twistedbane,"Save your money, this game has been in early access (Alpha) for two years. Devs are con artists and any future work they produce should be avoided."
76561198041797241,Not Recommended,224440,8807800,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,reemoo,the game still on early access for almost 1 year and the sad part is when u see alot of news and patches and when I play the game i cant see anythings new ! still cant save the game aftar 3 hours of playing :/ i am just so sad about this game the developers are very slow so dont waste your mony on this for now !
76561198076267375,Recommended,224440,29748002,Posted: 6 February,all,BigL,"10/10 The best spider attack simulator ever produced. They really get their money's worth on the voice actor who said ""Marauders are ransacking your village"" which roughly translates to ""A spider too strong to be fought by anything you have is killing all 100 of your villagers and there is nothing an army could do to stop it"" and this happens every 30 seconds or so once you have about that many villagers...In all seriousness the game could be amazing but is a waste of time and money until the game is finished."
76561197998613583,Not Recommended,224440,25987224,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Aragath NL,"Folk Tale will be released in 2015.. Folk Tale will be released in 2016... Folk Tale will be released in 2017... Folk Tale will be released in 2022...Bring this game out already, or try being honest with us."
76561198044900893,Recommended,224440,15710105,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Drive Up in the Hollywood Hills,"Ok definitely a good game. Actually it’s a phenomenal game! Some people complain about it being in alpha for a bit too long. Personally Idc, I'd rather they took t heir time to polish it than release it early and have it be incomplete. Before you read all the way through though, Ive only played the game for a few hours, and haven’t beaten any of the maps yet, so this review comes from limited experience and knowledge.The Good:-It’s fun and challenging, especially after you've progressed past your basic buildings (woodcutter, stonecutter and a food source)-Challenging, but not too challenging.♥♥♥♥♥♥wanders into your town to cause a bit of havoc and stretch your resources. But you don’t have Beholders and Owlbears coming into town to ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥up with lasers from their ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s on a regular basis. They took most of my favorite things from Age of Empires, and combined it with my favorite things from Banished (also a good game, check it out) and then threw in a pinch of Skyrim/Oblivion and Stronghold 2. The result is amazing. You can't just turtle-up and mass an army of foot soldiers to steam roll from one end of the map to the other like you can in AoE. However it’s not as stupidly infuriatingly wonderfully hard as Banished is.-It has the added bonus of being actually able to create soldiers (unlike Banished), and gives you enemies that you can go fight and loot. But by no means do you have to. If you like, you can just focus on the drinking of ale, the smoking of pipe weed, and finding a love of gardening.-If you do decide to go out and ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥up, it’s a challenge. The♥♥♥♥♥♥you fight keeps, proportionally, 1 step above you. So you have to actually engage in your combat. Most games allow you to step on spiders and kill mice and call it experience. Folk Tale does not.-Individuality of the peasants. Now 9 out of 10 times this doesn’t actually matter. The 1/10 of the time it does is in the army. You can, after you've killed something, loot it for gear and treasure! So ♥♥♥♥ing neat, cause with that gear, you can equip Joe the manure shoveling leper, with the Mithril Great sword of ♥♥♥♥off and the Diamond Chest plate of Not In My House ♥♥♥♥♥, and then make Joe the savior of the land, riding valiantly on the monstrous size of his own♥♥♥♥♥♥which he presumably discovered after finding out he was such a badass and could slay demons with his own♥♥♥♥♥♥and a can-do attitude. Each peasant can be leveled up uniquely and it’s ♥♥♥♥ing awesome. You can either take the equipment or divide it out between your forces, making a well-rounded security force that is to be reckoned with. Or pour all of your resources into one hulking behemoth that could fight and beat Zeus, god of gods.-Visually pleasing to look at-Audio is likewise pleasing (kind of reminiscent of LOTR [which is the best series of movies ever made by mankind])-There's a great variety of building to be placed and they all do different things.-Enemies get more difficult to beat the further you venture from your starting point.♥♥♥♥♥♥gets crazy yo'.The Bad:Actually I don’t like 'bad' cause really this game is a gem in the making. So we’re going to say the Mediocre.The Mediocre:-The Elasticity leaves something to be desiredThis is one big category cause every problem I have comes back to this blanket criticism. What I mean is that       the game doesn’t flow as smoothly as it could have.1.	Buildings= There's a variety of buildings, which is good yes, but I feel some of them could be condensed. For instance I had run out of clothes and my villagers began to complain as their nips were starting to fall off from frostbite. Tight. Places Cotton field. Good. Places Tailor. Good, clothes will start to be produced. Wrong. Turns out you also had to place a “Weavers Emporium”. So my warehouse had stockpiled like 50 stocks of weaved cotton, that I then had to go into overtime to catch up on both rewarding and lashing the weavers to get them to work as fast as possible. It just seems to me, that since the only thing you use cotton for is clothes, it seemed kinda silly that you needed 3 ♥♥♥♥ing building to make one product. Placing, monitoring and upkeeping and extra building took away from the flow of the game.2.	Your army/security force (4 people isn’t really an army). I have no problem with the small size, in fact I prefer it, it emphasizes tactics over brute strength. I have a slight issue with the equipping of your soldiers. If there was an ‘equip all’ button, that’d be fantastic. Having to click on the guardsmen, open their inventory, open your inventory. Click boots, move boots, click mail, move mail, click gloves, move gloves, click coif, move coif, then do that 3 to 7 more times is more than a lot tedious and it takes away from the game. Like♥♥♥♥♥♥I got wolves eating Jim the peasant and ♥♥♥♥ing the stonecutters just caught fire I gotta take care of this but noooo first I gotta do this painfully slow process.3.	Researching Tech is a pain. It has a AoE feel of spending resource to research new tech, which is legit. Don’t fix what’s not broke right? Well you can go ahead and buy as many upgrades as you can afford at once, the problem is that once one is done, it won’t bounce to the second one. Say you research Chisels, hammers and masonry. Once Chisels is done, it’ll stop there, till you re-click the building, go to the tech tab and select the next tech to research. It leads to a lot of needles bouncing form building to building to check and recheck what tech is at what progress in what building then bouncing back to select the next tech to research even though you’ve already purchased it. Long story, anyway. It would be nice if, once you’ve bought a tech, it got automatically researched in the order they were purchased.4.	Assigning peasants a job. This one has two in one. So 1.1 you build a building, tight. Assign 3 peasants to chop wood so you can leave your last one to keep foraging berries. Then later, when you have more peasants you go back to the building, assign a 4th peasant. Jim the farmer dies from a goblin attack, go to building and take 1 woodcutter and unassign him. Go to farm, assign new farmer. Now this doesn’t sound TOO annoying and honestly it’s not. This is my smallest beef with Folk tale. It’s nearly remedied by the ability to check a box on each building titles “auto-assign” which automatically makes sure the building is full of workers if able. You do however, have to go to each building and check the box off. Otherwise no luck. It’s be nice if the box was automatically set to autoassign or you could go to the options menu and make it so. Another (preferred) solution would be to do what “Banished” and have an entire menu that shows all the jobs, how many workers could be there, and how many workers are there currently. It accommodates the fast pace of “Banished” where the east section of your village can just die from a surprise earthquake. I think it would do well here In Folk tale to.1.2 This, logically, should be my smallest beef, but it’s not. I like knowing where my peasants are. Like, in Aoe, you have a button to select all inactive peasants, in Stronghold they gather around the fire. In Folk Tale, I’ve got no ♥♥♥♥in’ clue where they are. And that bothers me immensely, as Im more than slightly anal-retentive and I like to specifically assign individuals to certain jobs. When I have to find four free peasants to turn into herbalists by scouring every nook and cranny of my town, its slightly annoying.Anyway. That’s all. Sorry for the long post but I do really love this game already and wanted to offer every thought I had on the matter. As of now, I give it a solid 8.5/10. With some improvements to the flow and elasticity of the game I’d easily and happily give it a 10/10."
76561198053272855,Not Recommended,224440,8524244,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Chardemore,Not great. Super buggy on my mac.
,Recommended,224440,13801717,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Tzozen,"I was hesitant to buy another Early Access game, but I'm glad I got this one. Although you can tell it is far from finished, what is available in terms of gameplay is enjoyable. So far this is a sandbox village builder with a little army building/combat.The presence of good voice acting and polished graphics/UI is something I have missed with indie games and makes it feel like a quality project in the works. I really like being able to zoom in up close and watch the villagers go about their lives. Your military villagers have inventories and take upgraded gear and weapons, and I look forward to seeing that fully implemented.Micromanaging resource production is neat, though on the easy map not really necessary as there is no challenge to keeping up resources. At this time there are 3 maps to play in sandbox mode and they are not randomly generated yet. That will be a nice feature to see.As far as drawbacks, it's too early to start critiquing. If I had to come up with a gripe it would be that the game can feel a little slow and it would be nice to have a hotkey to speed things up occasionally rather than tweaking it in settings. I also could not sit through the tutorial, but after skipping to sandbox it didn't take long to figure everything out with trial and error.I am excited to see where this game goes and the activity and responsiveness of the devs gives me hope that this could end up a really fun game at completion."
,Recommended,224440,29771754,Posted: 7 February,all,Kirnl,I first played this game 5 years ago when it was released on early access and i enjoyed it back then. I recently gave it a shot because i thought it might have been finished after 5 years it wasnt but what i did get was an even better experiance then i did 5 years ago i really enjoyed playing looking forward to the finished product game has fresh solid game play and characters.
,Recommended,224440,15717835,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Cheerilee,very well done game so far so good nice game i like the open worldlots things build and fight and dose not take long start up once get hang of it.i wait bit to buy this game and i am glad i didand have been checking up on game here and their reading what people have said about gamebut most of people saying that game is no good do not listen to them full♥♥♥♥♥♥half of time their just mad bc game did not go way they want it but got to understand it takes time for game to growand i think if game needs time then give it some time and space and help them along the way so game is more injoy bull for others
,Not Recommended,224440,23013752,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,maxpowers6,"This game is not very good as it stands. However with a few tweeks it could be pretty good. For example, you need to completly due away with the whole rationing model and rework it entirely. It doesn't really make sense. I have about 1000 peices fo firewood and my town still shows in red. Then I lose people, and then it just cascades from there and I keep losing more and more people until the game is no longer playable at all and I have to start over. Seems rather unstable for a game that has been being work on for years. That is just one example of what needs to change."
76561198012625280,Recommended,224440,13589785,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Sorrowmoon,I enjoyed this game and hope to see more in the future.  It's a great concept and gladly supported the game with my purchase and have no regrets.
,Recommended,224440,15708069,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Jaxspades,"Who doesn't love a bit of resource management? I know I do! Build up your town, gather all the things, upgrade your buildings, train your peasants and build a bordello next to a monastery, simply because you can! (Plus, monks make some crazy mead...)Even with this being Early Access, I haven't experienced any bugs and have only had a small inconvenience or two, which is less than some of the AAA titles I have played in the past.If you like Civ games, city building, gathering, upgrading, battling, looting, and the like, trust me, get this game.10/10"
76561198013724075,Recommended,224440,31924967,Posted: 23 May,all,Roi Heenok,"This game can be perfect. I feel like it's a slpit between The Settlers, and Torchlight. A city builder in the main part and a hack and slash sltyle for combats. A long run game can make a huge city but the lack of decorations and gardens cannot make cities like in Tropico. Heros are nice, combats are simple maybe it need more ennemies, differents campements. I would like physical character custumization and a more immersive experience like first person and controlling someone. Good ♥♥♥♥in job so far."
,Recommended,224440,30888602,Posted: 1 April,all,stefanw1337,"I like this game, despite what people are saying. Had the game for awhile. Not played that much, as I want to play it mostly when it's released. If you like Age of Empire type, RTS city builder with RPG and ""heroes"" with loot, this is the game for you."
76561198009868902,Recommended,224440,30907613,Posted: 2 April,all,cjet799,"Overall I had fun playing this game. I don't buy early access based on future promises, and it has enough to offer right now for you to enjoy the game. I think if you enjoy citybuilders its got enough for 15-20 hours of play, and the RPG elements make it unique from other entries in the genre.Having said that, there are definitely some areas I'd love to see improved so that I can come back and play this game some more.A citybuilder and an RPG- This is what makes the game unique. But I would have liked to see some difficulty sliders for each portion of the game. I prefer city builders, and doing the RPG part of the game was honestly a chore. I would have liked a difficulty slider that made the RPG part much easier, and the city builder part a little more challenging.Level scalingLeveling is a core part of the game. Villagers get better, heroes get better, and monsters get better. But the monster levelling can get pretty annoying, once I had levelled up my heroes to level 6 the monsters had gotten almost too difficult for my troops to take on. I had to rush my heroes around to every little combat event. Until this is fixed I'd like a way to turn off combat level scalling altogether on the village map (for everything except heroes), or don't include the heroes in the monster levelling calculations. To fix it long term I think there should be some kind of training building that slowly adds experience to your lowest levelled troops up to the level of your highest levelled troops. I also think there should be a global ticker that says what the monster level is, and clearly shows what effect you are having on it. I think what effects the monster level should be the size of your city and the amount of loot available in it. So if monsters successfully break your defense and destroy your buildings they would fall down to an easier level. This would also force larger cities to invest more in defense.Building synergiesRight now all of the buildings are very independant, they have their own research paths, and they don't really have any effects on the buildings around them. I think the city-building aspects of this game would be greatly improved if each building also provided some synergistic benefits to nearby buildings. Some of the synergies I'd like to see:Cottage provides bonus to worker productivity of nearby buildings. Since villagers no longer need to walk around to provide for their needs, forcing players to keep the cottage closer could simulate the benefits of having their home close to their workplace.Sawmill and hunting lodge next to each other. Animals like the tree cover so maybe provide a benefit to animal spawning near a sawmillTowers that are garrisoned will increase the range of nearby buildings.Walls near a gatehouse are strengthenedBlacksmith provides small productivity bonus when next to any building that it could provide tools for.Town improvementsIt would be good to get a building that can serve as a research center for general improvements to all buildings. Like a town hall, maybe the supply wagon serves as the first level of the town hall. The town hall would have research available for lower fire chances, increased health of buildings, increased productivity of workers, starting level of new workers, improve xp gains for soldiers/workers, etc. This building could also serve as a lock on tier improvements, like it has to be tier two before other buildings can be tier two. It would be neat if this building replaced the lamppost for fast travel. Maybe this building would also provide a special minor-hero unit 'the mayor' he could level up like other characters. He would be able to cast productivity enhancements on nearby buildings, if ""killed"" he would lose 10% experience but also hide out in the town hall for 2 minutes while he recoveres.RTS improvements-Rally flags for military buildings. I found it easy to create a choke point where new monsters would go and I would just leave a bunch of my soldiers there. It would be nice if military buildings could create rally flags so new soldiers would automatically go to the spot. Also there need to be a way in the barracks to auto create arbalists or city guards, right now it will default to auto-creating spearmen who are the weakest.Patrols. I want to be able to assign military units to patrol a certain area.Formation behavior. If I tell a large military group to go to a location, I don't want the cavalry charging in ahead without support from arbalists.That is a long list of suggestions. I don't think they are all absolutely necessary, but they would all be nice to have. If I find out any of these features have been added in the future I will try to ammend my post to reflect those changes withStrikethrough text"
,Recommended,224440,15707008,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,kewfsu,"This seems to be a very promising game.  I played it about a year ago and it was a different game, so I was surprised when decided to try it again the other day.  It's now a sandbox city builder with a pending campaign mode.  I checked out the forums today and the devs seem to be pretty active in answering questions and giving updates, which is awesome.I'm a big fan of old city builders like Caesar 3, Zeus, & Pharaoh, and I enjoyed Banished a lot, but found it kind of boring after the first couple hours.  If the campaign and future quests turn out like they're planned, Folk Tale should be a great game.  I've played a couple sandbox maps and I've enjoyed it.  I'm very much looking forward to future updates!"
76561197967728824,Not Recommended,224440,15720851,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,thatyanguy,"*EDIT* 17/08/2017Game at high risk of being abandoned. Avoid at all cost should it ever come back on the steam store, until there is visible progress being made. Dev changed the original vision (suggested one thing, sold that, and then changed course - see below). Now, ""Internal Problems"". Not going to bash the developer, things happen, but that doesn't mean you should chuck hard earned money at this when there are other options. Wait until (if) this is released, and then see if you like the final product. If I do, I will update this review further.Too bad, this showed a lot of promise. Oh well, time to slot this in the abandoned category with a bunch of other Early Access heroes. Really need to stop buying into those.-----*ORIGINAL* (sometime in 2015)So...People have said it already. I'll say it again. But instead of retyping this, I want you to imagine the following two scenarios:You decide to make a cake. That's pretty simple - add some dough, and some sweet stuff, and you've got a cake. Right.Well, what kind of cake do you want to make? Chocolate? Vanilla? Who knows? Depends on who will be eating it, right? Right? Well, let's go ask those people.But wait! We can make a bigger cake! A better cake! A cake that everyone will love! So we will now have a chocolate / vanilla / starwberry / cheese / ice cream cake baked in a god damn oven but the chilled in a freeze and oh god we really don't know what we any more other than making everyone happy so here is a big pile of burnt cake, melted ice cream, mouldy cheesecake andf you can dig through it and try to find something you like.Welcome to Folk Tale. This game started witha  tons of promise. It has since veered of course...and I'm not sure what this game is going to wind up being. I voted for it on Greenlight, I was really excited for it when it came out on Early Access and did something almost as dumb as sticking my gentleman's sausage in a drawer and slamming it fully♥♥♥♥♥♥ I believed that the developers would stick to their original vision and deliver the game they said they set out to make.Ahahaha. Aha. Aaaahahaha. Yeah. Nope.This game is one of the many reasons why I no longer buy into Early Access - I've seen them do this exact kind of thing too many times, which is a shame. I love this style of game. I've player Settlers since Settlers two, I've played the Anno series, Sim City series - any kind of management / city buidling game, I really look forward to. It is an underserved market, and Folk Tale had the potential to be really cool.But then, the devs threw their vision out the window to try to appease to everyone (I mean, sandbox games are the hip thing now, right? Right?! Everyone loves sandbox! So hip! So cool! Like beards and old bicycles and plaid...yeah.)Basically, this is going nowhere. It has been in Early Access for ""A Very Long Time"". I really don't know what's going to come out of it, but I can't recommend anyone buy this until it's done and released - at which point, you might at least have a chance at knowing what you're buying.F*@*!* Early Access."
,Recommended,224440,15555559,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Corion82,"It was bad on the game launch, not even a question. It has gotten better. Checking back every few months or so."
,Recommended,224440,30929573,Posted: 3 April,all,Mythman51,since 2013 when i bought the game it keeps getting Bigger with every update. OUTSIDE the BOX game mechanics! DONT PUSH THESE GUYS PAST THEIR LIMITS. their doing  a  ♥♥♥♥ing awesome job with how long this game has been going. I'm OLDSCHOOL so it takes alot to capture my attention when i seen every type of game since PONG and OREGON TRIAL on a mac green tube.
76561198344840373,Recommended,224440,29038974,Posted: 5 January,all,billygoat19912013,i love this game. as a fan of city builders and RPGs it is a perfect mixture.
,Recommended,224440,15767063,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Gadget,"I like where this is going.  It took a long time, but I like the direction.  Needs more, maybe random maps, etc."
76561198010329634,Recommended,224440,30855365,Posted: 31 March,all,Gamejunkey,"Wow, I'm pretty surprised at all the hate this game gets. Is it perfect...no, but overall I find it fun. Sure the development has taken awhile, however it's been updated fairly regularly to add new parts to the game. It's certainly not a dead project for the devs, and I see that as a positive for the future. I'll pop in every couple months and play through a game mostly for the RTS side of things. The dungeon crawling bit is just a cherry on the top for me. I'd recommend this title to anyone that enjoys building their little settlement into a village, all while fending off the invaders that inevitably try and take the comforts your villagers enjoy.Overall it's been worth my 20 bucks. 8/10, would buy again."
76561198129254047,Recommended,224440,31005786,Posted: 7 April,all,elvish123,"If you like building along with tactical defense and RPG this is the game for you. In campaign mode you will need to build palasades ASAP to block raiding spiders. Building a single palasade on the other side of bridges saves resources early on. Then you can stage your heroes by the main spawn outside your village until you have the resources to build a full length fence there. Add a market so you can unlock spider bounties in your research. Now you will have lots of gold for research. Building a blacksmith and researching halberds and xbows will get you the city guards and crosbowmen you need. Stage the crossbow guys on gate house facing a known spider spawn and watch them crank the gold and xp for you. You can add towers to either side of the gatehouse as you see fit. If you get bored of building take out your heroes for adventure and exploring. Research,adventure and building. For me this game is amazing. Even my slower Dell Inspiron 660 with 6gb of ram can handle this game okay. Using the experimental build runs a bit slower and sometimes it sits at 92% for about 1 min then its fine. Cant wait to see what they add next. Marathon gaming sessions may occur so they should add a warning about how addictive this game is LOL :)"
76561198080844737,Recommended,224440,16947429,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,chrisben1,"Bought early access about 1 year ago, it's gettin better with each update."
,Recommended,224440,13794670,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Baguck,I've been following this game for a long time and just finally made the purchase. I am incredibly happy with how much detail is in the game at this point and it is fun to play with even right now. I am looking forward to the planned depth that you can see already lined up.
,Recommended,224440,13652853,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Midgetlegs,"My biggest issue right now is that lack of a save feature for sandbox mode. I know it's coming in the future, so I'll just wait it out. Since the tutorial is clearly different from the what seems to be the final form of the game, it's hard to say for certain what the game will be like. I can say, without a doubt, I enjoyed the tutorial thoroughly and believe wholeheartedly that when the game is finished, it will be amazing."
76561197969376559,Recommended,224440,13974655,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Steevodeevo,"Huge potential, impressive already and for those who have taken the time to follow development, it shows this game is going to be amazingly detailed and a very special sandbox god-game with rpg and even RTS aspects."
,Not Recommended,224440,21624342,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,=RAV= Sparky,"Ive had this game for some long time now, and i'm not seeing much happening some of the stuff in experimental build doesn't need to be tested i mean seriously testing potions?if the game was implemented correct it all be aligned as one unit or asset etc, i saw another post stating about '' not implemented '' that is true how is somthing that is quite the same process not implemented yet, its been in development to long for a game like this, i feel they are trying to make a living then a reputation. sorry but 3 years in development for a game like this is way too long. !! espesh when it only took 9 people to build skylines !!! this game already feels outdated to me as gorgous as it can look. it's a shame !"
76561197996812116,Not Recommended,224440,17335102,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Photoshopped Memories,"This game could have been great.I uninstalled it after it never left development, or even got close to being considered Beta.RIP Folk TaleMay 30, 2013toAugust 1, 2015"
,Not Recommended,224440,21799274,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Akarinn,No point in buying this. It will never leave EA.
76561198030320933,Recommended,224440,18034960,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Ford,I like the game. More maps would be nice also more reserch.Good building game.Need to upgrade my soldiers.
76561198106387869,Recommended,224440,15456336,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,alysongrace1109,"Much better graphics, wish there was a simpler tutorial but I figured it out, really appreciate the ability to play my save files, really don't like the screen going black and the game closing out."
76561198003267543,Not Recommended,224440,15705833,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Belsamuel,"If I could get a refund on my purchase I would. I honestly wouldn't mind the 2 year early access wait if I hadn't gotten my expectations flung in the garbage. I bought this game when it had a story mode and quest lines, now it is a very ambiguous sandbox that has lost all enjoyment. Anticipation turn into betrayal.Folk Tale taught me never to buy Early Access againEDIT:So it has now been another year since I wrote the original review. Folk Tale is still in early Access but leaps and bounds have been made to get it on the right track. Not sure if new leadership in the project or not but it is starting to come together, still not the game that was promised when I originally bought it, but neither is my marriage.I still can not recommend at this point because with the sporadity of the changes who knows what it will be in another year. Do not purchase this game until it is out of early access. When it is, I will assess it and happily change my review to a roaring success if it deserves it."
,Recommended,224440,15706937,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,[ABoJ]  help.txt,Completely different game than when it was mostly reviewed. Reccomended upon release. Wait until then.
76561198018670311,Recommended,224440,23361520,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Jeastman,"The new Folk Tale is a massive improvment over the old one, and while it still far from reaching its potential I would call this a worth while game to play."
76561198029248846,Recommended,224440,15245503,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,Nate,"This is the first review I have ever written, and I was compelled to write it to make sure people who are interested in this game feel confident in supporting it despite the (currently) mixed reviews.I thoroughly enjoyed the tutorial when I first purchased this game, but as the devs focused on the sandbox mode I was hesistant to give it much of a go.  Most of the negative reviews are people who weren't happy with this decision, as I initally was.  After spending some time in sandbox mode, I can see that this game is still going to be something unique and intersting.  With the sandbox genre getting beat to death by developers over the last few years, Folk Tale is a breath of fresh air and a fascinating perspective on the genre.The resource gathering is challenging but understandable and logical.  The sense of humor is on point but not over-the-top.  The RPG elements of crafting, equipping, and experience for the villagers are unlike any other game I have played.  While only having spent 3 hours playing as of writing this game, each time I return to it I am greeted by improvements and new and fun mechanics to learn.Despite how interesting and intriguing the game itself is, the main point I wanted to make in writing this review is that this game will make you feel rewarded for supporting the developers in Early Access.  They are accessible, focused, responsive, and provide a great sense of involvement and community in the developing of this game.  Early Access can be messy, it can be fun, but it the case of Folk Tale, participating in Early Access is as much of an adventure as the game is.  Trust me, you won't be disappointed."
,Not Recommended,224440,20732003,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Jovanis,"+ Nice graphics+ Relaxing Game- Few options (heroes, soldiers, enemy units, maps)-  - Boring after 2 hours of play- You can't upload new maps.- Poor gameplay (how to maneuver the heroes)"
76561198034324524,Not Recommended,224440,15709552,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Biggy Dolewka,Waste of money. 2 years in early access. Scraping Campain. I wish there was a refund for this...
76561198050698241,Recommended,224440,13763579,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Cheshire_Matt,This game shows tons of promise! I'm really looking forward to the coming updates.Being an early access alpha it's not entirely ready for mass consumption but with a some polishing and content/feature updates this game has the possibility to really garner a great name for itself and it's developers.If you enjoy village/city builders this is really one to watch.
76561198054086230,Not Recommended,224440,30482561,Posted: 12 March,all,Clearsparkle,Released 4 years ago..... Like really 4 years. If they were going to finish it  it would be done by now. This is the first and last time I do early access.
,Not Recommended,224440,33870159,Posted: 28 July,all,FieryWitherRose,0/10 would pay for a tech demo again
76561198175990243,Recommended,224440,24338685,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,dwarfsbane,"Folk Tale is shaping up to be a very good game. The developer responds to posts on the forums, regular weekly and monthly updates on the progress of the game, a breakdown of what they are currently working on, and next weeks tasks.The game is regulary updated, the developer asks for feedback on the the lastest patches, and responds to any issues discovered.The game is great, you get to build a township, fight the local beasts and enemies, now we are strating to get dungeon crawling as well. Recent patches have allowed you to build your township, pacify the area, then travel to the next area and build another township etc. You can send your heroes back and forth between sheets now.There is a inbuilt editor to design your own sheets and campaigns, there have been some really impressive buildings posted on the forum, and community made sheets/maps are starting to take off.The game is worth the price in my opinion, I am look forward to the next patch each time."
,Not Recommended,224440,18627819,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,N0MS I Dick Trickle - Disguy,"Let's be honest, this game has had plenty of time to blossom into something. That being said, it's not worth $24.99. If you want to play a sandbox game that has more to give go play skyrim where you get a complete game for around the same price. If you want a storyline, well you're♥♥♥♥♥♥out of luck for getting this when it was first put out over two years ago as an Early Access. This game stinks of laziness from the devs side and because they got all the sales that they could have gotten, they don't feel the need to update this and give it more attention because again, its over."
,Not Recommended,224440,20385683,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,janarah_caine,"The game starts up well enough, even looks mighty impressive. However, there are some simple things to note even after over three years of early access.First of all, not everything is completed with in this game, ie, upgrades, units, buildings, quests, and such. The basics/core elements of game play with this game are not finished yet.Secondly, the story /quest line is no where near finished yet. The first bit is complete, and after three years seems to be bug free other than some loading issues on occasion when transitioning. The second quest/chapter is however riddled with bugs currently. From random allies attacking you to quests which cannot be completed due to a freezing in timers.Thirdly, in order to survive you will have to spend hours upon hours just setting up your village and nothing else. This is mostly in part due to the slow resource gain in comparrison to upgrade costs and villager demand. Resource gain is very slow and upgrade cost, even the beginning ones, is very expensive. Don't even think you will have any village defences until you have at least devoted four to six hours of play just building up your village.I really belive that this game has potential, but it's going to be a while before it is any where near complete. I would reccomend giving it a try if you are into beta's/alpha's and like to bug test things. But, as far as it being a playable game at this point, I am going to have to say it's a no go."
76561198070870674,Not Recommended,224440,21847222,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,DeltaBoss,"This game has been worked on for three years, and it still has many basic mechanics missing and there's only two, COUNT EM'; TWO! Finished campaign levels. I can't recommend a game that's going to take fifteen years of development to finish a ten hour story."
76561198081649496,Recommended,224440,8962200,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Phenix66,"With the last update it's got much better gameplay, and you can position freely biulding."
76561198004219486,Recommended,224440,15705630,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Invisigoth,Very Good Work. This game has potencial!
,Recommended,224440,15772126,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,JP,"I don't understand why this has so many negative reviews.It is a game with much potential and it is quite fun. Especially if you like creating your own scenarios/maps, this is an awesome game for that, too."
76561198069536293,Not Recommended,224440,15843289,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,sndwsn,"Good Concept, excellent models and graphics, however lacks many things and has a few bugs, needs more balance. After i reach about 35 - 40 population things go haywire, stocks run low on everything no matter how much i supply, and if i manage to get stocks under control no matter how much I have stored i contantly get a flow of ""running out of so-and-so, villagers need this, villagers need that"" etc. A functioning supply chain for everything needed is difficult, as once you get enough villagers to work the proper amount of buildings for the supplies needed, there arent enough in each building to properly supply the amount of villagers total (I.e. 30 villagers total split between the many buildings sucha as farms, fishery, iron and stone mines, weavers and bakers and hunters and woodcutters, but with only 4 in each building they are unable to supply the amount needed for the population as a whole. Too few villagers with too high of demand split between too high of a variety of buildings, making it near impossible to have a steady supply chain.UI could use some improvement as well, need to go through many menus and options to do simple tasks for certain things like hire and fire workers from certain buildings, can't scroll through the list of available villagers to employ but have to choose from top three, when attempting to send your villagers to attack threats its difficult to select the threat nd not accidentally send your villagers to simply run past them to where you clicked, notices disspear to quickly for you to read what they are for, and there is a button up top to go to settings but not menu, being forced to hit the esc key in order to quit the game which is only minor but an annoyance.With improved functionality this can be a great game but as it is right now, hardly playable to past 30 or so villagers."
76561198003991636,Recommended,224440,14704096,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,The AdmiraL,The potential level is over 9000
76561198051630945,Not Recommended,224440,19833575,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,ZeroPossibility,"So I read alot of, don't be fooled by the bad reviews, reviews and thought it sounded fun and I would give it a try and I though it seemed decent til I realized it's no where near done if you like playing with editors and building your own stuff you will love it. if you want to play a game choose something else the campaign is super short, SUPER short. So I focused on my town and grew it pretty quick then grew it some more now it's to laggy to do much of anything tried turning down all the setting still stayed super laggy tried to find away to turn off the little numbers floating up every where could not find it any where though doesn't really matter who laggy it's become because there's pretty much no where left to build anything. I played the sandbox it's sandbox mode there's no real goal you just kill everything yo ucan find and build another city til it becomes to laggy again. like I said if you really like building you're own stuff the editor is pretty awesome and you'll probably love it but if you're looking for a game to play look else where."
,Recommended,224440,17062909,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,GasGrassOrAz007,"This gem of An RPG/RTS is coming along rather fantastic actually every time I log in they have progressed, I havnt played a whole lot because of the fact I dont wanna put to much time into it before release and be bored when it comes out. But I have been surprised by the level of communication the dev team has had with the community and even on a personal level with some of the players keep up the good work guys looking forward to the final product."
,Recommended,224440,22053797,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Ass Boiler,"Can't wait to see this game finished!Folk Tale is what i wanted for years. As a Settlers fanatic since Amiga 500 era, i always wanted more depth in genre. Like heroes, RPG dynamics and better production line. Thanks to Games Foundry, they made my dream come true. And they are updating the game in a very regular basis. Nice job for both you and Project Zomboid ^^Finished tutorial, even that was fun. What i want in future?- A long story mode.- An open, huge world (maybe in distant future?).- Dynamic weather system (sorry if there is not in tutorial).- Co-op? That would be amazing. Also co-op story mode?Game is moving so smoothly. I really wanna see you made it guys. Keep up the good work!"
76561198038247860,Recommended,224440,19771832,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,TheMan,I'm happy with the progress they are making so far. I will release a full review when its been fully released
,Recommended,224440,27857655,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Kartifos,"I like it! ^_^I wish to be more like Beast and Bumpkins (ageing, births, etc) and less as a Warcraft clone.Building should be less and with more meaning, again more like Beast and Bumpkins (with the monks to have spells, etc) and less as a clone Settler.I think there must be a focus to one thing, but has many potentials and worths to be out there!Great work!"
76561198006445144,Recommended,224440,30560193,Posted: 16 March,all,alanwest09872,The developer released the game a bit to soon. But all and all thats not a horrible check mark. The developers of this game are constantly coming up with new updates. They are constantly improving game play. In my book Games Foundry has done an expetional job here. Most early access games get pushed to release with horrilbe bugs. This game is still in development and there constantley adding new material. If your looking to back an Indie developer I would suggest trying this game.
76561197981585573,Not Recommended,224440,32200924,Posted: 5 June,all,McDabbin,"This game will never be finished, yes the dev is responsive in chats and forums and it seems like he is working on it, but this has to be a side project or he just messes with code to make it appear he is going to finish this game. Nope he'll never finish it, its taken 4 yrs to get to 1/10 of an actual game. By the time its out there will be better graphics more playable n better games out there. Sadly I wish id never spent the money on this one. And its a reason i avoid almost all early access!!!! dont get scammed! this guy not only owes us all our money back but a strong appology for being so insanely slow! Like crap hire some help or something if your gonna take peoples money and then not produce!!!"
,Not Recommended,224440,28674510,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Toby,"Folk Tale is a good game, so why the no? Well it needs some work.It's a decent city builder, not too complex, reliance between raw and finished production buildings is usually just a direct relationship, rather than having any middle buildings.The RPG aspect is unfinished but has a solid framework. Heroes have abilities and roles, a lot of items have no stats yet (particularly jewelry) and finding items above common quality seems nearly impossible. But I expect this to be more fleshed out across further updates.Now my real gripe with the game, the strategy aspect. There's no pause feature, which if you want more of an RTS feel, that's fine, but you need to add actual RTS features. There's no shift-queue for orders, there's no attack move, there's no control groups. So it feels like there's no identity, there's an RTS direction with no RTS features. But the game overall feels like it would be much better with a pause feature to give orders, like a strategic RPG.Hopefully in time the combat aspect will find its direction, the city builder direction is quite good and I enjoy it."
,Recommended,224440,14923838,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,TainoWarChief,Amazing! THANK YOU GOD FOR THE BRAINS OF THE DEVELOPERS!!!!!!
76561198009172318,Recommended,224440,34031221,Posted: 4 August,all,kelleyangler,"This game is great, the concept is fantastic and the potential is enourmose.  But the reviews are true they are taking way too long to get it done.  If it was completed i am sure they would recieve the best reviews.  So with that said i give it a thumbs up just to encourage those thinking about it to give it a chance and ecourage the developers.  Maybe wait til it is on sale but definately worth having in your library."
76561198027455656,Recommended,224440,13680649,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Tschetter,"To be honest, I do want to write a pretty good review on this game. It is a rather fun and well put together sanbox, and I did quite enjoy playing though so far, but then I found out that it has been an early access for a year and a half. I would recommend getting the game, but waiting until it has gone through its developement. I can see this game going very far once it is finished, but hopefully it happens sooner than later."
,Recommended,224440,18147551,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,N1rvan,"I got one question, where are the updates??"
,Recommended,224440,24313493,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Taggerung,We were all dissapointed to see this game not come to a good roll out within the first 2 years... But I just did my thing hoping it would turn ok someday. I must say playing it again this week seeing a campaign that was pretty fun and a good populace building and thriving i am pretty excited. I did lose the campaign a few times till i realized i needed a butcher to make all that meet i was collecting into food... but i got there. Keep up the good work. is it worth buying? I just love this genre so much and there are so few good building games of this time period i would keep it in your to buy list for sure.
76561197993215309,Recommended,224440,18558367,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,StardustCrusader,"The development for this game is very active. I haven't played a long time yet, but follow the development religiously. Developers that are this active, and responsive to the community deserve a chance to create their vision."
,Recommended,224440,15726167,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Viruzs,Its Still in DevBut its allready an Awsome game because you have some options you dont have 1 point where you Must build you can choose where you build and what you build the map design is Very nice i play this since EA Beginn so i have see alot of new features from the beginning on it was just an Tutorial that was at this moment very nice but now its an Sand Box game with an littly Rpg Part its very funny :)
,Recommended,224440,15734886,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,linuXlloyd,Female units has male portraits 11/10
76561198008503830,Recommended,224440,20135941,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Kirby Skywalker,"The style and setting are great, The gameplay so far is fun.  It's comming along painfully slowly, but I have to give it a thumbs up because I can't wait for the finished product."
,Recommended,224440,19812312,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Pendersen,"I like the changes they made, definately a large improvement over when I first bought the game.  The game plays a lot like Warcraft 3, but with a little more diversity like Settlers."
76561198053110279,Recommended,224440,19813205,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,itscraigwells,awesome game when it is finsihed i can tell. buy it dont buy it i dont care but fun for a cuple of hours lack of content great feel for laying out citys only thing i would ask is if i want to build somthing where where remove the resources out of my way so i can put it down. it erked me that i could build ways around my frankinstein village becuase things where in the way and had to to put buildingd all over the place
76561198122561562,Not Recommended,224440,19811983,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,stormtroop1650,"if you liked settlers you will like this game, except this one doesnt have a skirmish mode. once you build all the recourses and luxuries there isnt much else to do, build a military sure, but not very good replay value. I recomend you Dont buy this game for anymore than 15.00$"
76561197972879118,Recommended,224440,19815212,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Antihero707,"Don't let the aggregate score fool you! Those bad reviews are old!This game is phenomenal. Worth every penny, I can't get enough. More review later!Update: Content and patches keep coming. Quality is high, as is fun, even playing the first map over and over every release! Graphics, engine, gameplay, all top notch. This game is a winner so far!"
,Recommended,224440,19811140,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Superior Spidey,Don't pay atention to the mixed reviews. This is a great game.
,Recommended,224440,19819802,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,JE SUIS UN BEAR!,"I waffled on getting this game because of the mixed reviews, but then it went on sale, and I read some of the more recent reviews, and I bought in.TLDR; BEST DECISION. DO BUY.The art style is great and cartoony and rich, the tutorial is very straight forward and helpful in getting you very comfortable with the controls and aspects of a successful town.I'm using the beta build and I've had no crashes, just the occasional bug report pop-up.It mixes the resource and micro-management that I love in Banished with a light RPG touch, complete with dungeon crawling missions and the ability to skill-up and equip your hero how you prefer.My ONLY complaint is that the campaign is incomplete - I want more! I got as far as possible in it and am looking supremely forward to more content being added, more dungeons and more campaigns."
,Not Recommended,224440,19876633,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Drum,"Just don't.  Good ideas, poor implementation.  Buggy interface sometimes disappears preventing you from doing save/reload or assigning villagers.  Several features not yet implemented."
76561198038325060,Recommended,224440,15578706,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,skylinechaos,entertaining game tho there is still few problems like telling me lack of fire wood even tho ive got heaps  but most problems its had have been fixed pretty quick cant wait for them to finish the rest of the game
,Recommended,224440,4410144,"Posted: 12 June, 2013",all,Uncle BirdsOwnAtParkour,"Can't save game.  After downloading and entering game, I discovered that the only gameplay option available is tutorial.  $20 for a tutorial and you can't even save your game...sucks."
76561198010204763,Recommended,224440,15238829,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,rudivin11,"Standard neat idea game, has room to be really cool. Assuming that keep supporting the game, they don't pull a Godus and change everything, the game feels like it can be a lot of fun. Updates tend to be small but regular (like that a lot). If they keep the current pace, game should be complete in 2-3 years which for all the future content feel, is aggressive in my mind."
,Recommended,224440,18512861,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Tackeri,"Still pretty early, but it's headed down the right path!"
,Recommended,224440,15727257,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Kapone,"pretty fun game , can only get better"
,Recommended,224440,18027490,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Mrs Moose,"I have stalked this game since the beginning, listening to the youtubes when they are uploaded from the things they have added. I really like the game, ultimately I would recommend it but so miffed they canned the story mode! I got as far as I could in the tutorial and then stuck becuase its not finished. This game is spotted with quirky humor, its fun to play and they add things all the time."
76561198154355650,Recommended,224440,20095822,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Cujo,"I haven't played this game that much, but from what I played the game seems really polished.  Yes, I do believe I will probably find bugs....But this an EA game.Are the developers responsive and pushing out patches to the hungry community.  Yes.  So that's a plus.I am glad that there are so many indie games available and would never want to go back to the time when EA did not mean Early Access, it meant Electronic Arts.  And Electronic Arts was slow to fix, if not fix at  any of their games at all.So I am glad I am supporting an Indie game developer makes games that are not stifled by a publisher like EA"
76561198142396249,Recommended,224440,20563586,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,The talented Dragon,This game is one of the best games I have had and its hard to survive.
76561198004431735,Recommended,224440,2234356,"Posted: 2 June, 2013",all,feldor,"This game looks very promising and I just can't wait for the finished product:) Even now at this stage I've already been having a lot of fun with this game. I like how you can move the camera and there is this cool first person mode also. Can go inside buildings and see the people going on their business or to sleep etc:) It is nice to see that the developers are doing sandbox mode too. The price is also good, not too high at all.Cheers..."
,Recommended,224440,20542483,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,[Dev 菊池],"I know this game much more than my play time :)I am following them since first IndieDB post.The game idea, concept and gameplay is really nice. I found no bugs so far and I really want to support the developers. Some may say that it is in development for a very long time, but that what happens when you build something with the community and their feedback. It is great.PROS- Concept works, the idea of having a village, grow it and use your characters is really nice- Graphics are nice and it fits the game humor- Easy learning at the beginning, but when your village gets big, know where to use your villagersCONS- Particles and combat FX are poor at the moment- Camera movement looks ""clunky"" sometimes- More shortcuts and control like similar strategy games would be betterAll in all, I still see potential and the game is working... small bugs happen but, in my case, nothing that breaks my game."
76561198028675546,Recommended,224440,20480788,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,World,"I'm really enjoying it. It's a great city builder/RPG. If you're looking for WC3 style empire building, I think you'll enjoy this."
76561198062671735,Recommended,224440,18157518,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Zailer,good game nice grafic and when is give more mission and different world's will a nice game
,Recommended,224440,23913806,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Mantastic,"I initially held off on Folk Tale due to the mixed reviews of it in 'early' early access.Today, Folk Tale is a great game that combines the best features of games like Settlers and Banished with the lite ARPGs like Fate and Torchlight.I highly recommend it if you're into both genres."
76561198097749286,Recommended,224440,23963683,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,GoofySkater4,"I would fully recommend this game to my friends. I brought it today and I will be playing much, much more of it. It's has a very different feel to many different games in the same category, yet it is so much fun."
,Recommended,224440,23939118,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Icewolf32,"Just found this game.  Great potential.  I've been watching all the Dev Chats they made during development and checking up on the latest patches.  If the editor can come through, which is looking pretty good already, then high replay value.  Hoping the Devs stay with it and stay on target.  I recommend giving it a chance."
76561197968553289,Not Recommended,224440,20239761,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,KiwiEye,"Folk Tale is a game that really needs some professional TLC.  It has many promising features but is riddled with bugs, lack of polished content and some serious gameplay mechanics issues.  For something that has been in early access for over three years, I'm surprised more hasn't been done here.  For every time i found something that made me love the game, I found three other things that made it a chore.  Games should be about enjoyment and Folk Tale isn't there yet.  Maybe in another three years?  If we are still here.  My recommendation: wait until final release and then decide based on features/reviews."
,Recommended,224440,23085973,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Brother Nero,"It's actually pretty awesome. Unlike some games that are alike this function to some degree as a realistic village. You can't just spam units because you can only support the population of your town which makes it far more realistic than some other RTS games. The game is just really limited. The campaign is alot of running between two places to talk to someone, but the gameplay overall provides enough to keep you busy. In addition, the sandbox mode needs some work. It includes the same people as the campaign but no one is good or bad, you have to kill everything on the map for some reason, no one is your ally. And sandbox is very limiting because after you annihilate your opposition with your one soldier, there's nothing else to do. No one attacks or anything. But overall, I love the economy system of managing a village and is why I recommend this game."
,Recommended,224440,23075075,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,h3retic,It's been progressing quite slowly but lately the game has improved significantly (I dont play this as much but I am following the game news closesely).
76561198075499469,Recommended,224440,23105957,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Wrynn,"So im writing this on the 20th of May, and i can say that this game has been making slow progress, but progres indead. I am giving it a good review sinse I like were the game is going but as the dev time is taking forever I would have to say that you should not buy it at this time."
,Recommended,224440,26009883,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,Dead Jezebel,ive only played for 14 hours but i can say that if the devs keep going with the updates and fixing things that this game will be a great game.i have not played any experimental builds but i have not had most of the issues people are talking about... yes at first i had pesents leaving but thats because i wasnt paying attention to my town as much as i was running around killing♥♥♥♥♥♥ once you figure out the mechanics of the game its actually quite enjoyable... and will be even more so once the game has more content.if you are up for paying for an unfinished game give this one a chance even if its just something to ♥♥♥♥ around with when you are bored...
,Recommended,224440,19904358,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Ninjai,"It's good.Just know that it's not done but it's the game you want, and since they are active dev's, I'd say pls buy XD and help the dev's make this even better.That being said, low content, got through it all very quickly.  Wish it were more, feel unsatisfied.... I really should change this to a negative review :PP.S.Where's my money?!!"
76561198019272718,Recommended,224440,16442847,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Beachdude0219,"i see great potential with this game, it just needs to keep on getting fleshed out until a final version comes out"
,Recommended,224440,29172183,Posted: 10 January,all,jutetrea,"Still has a lot of potential as a mix of city/village building and ARPG.Good graphics and such, good mechanics and concepts, close to being very fun.  Played it through a bit of the campaign - so some of the items below I may not have seen yet.City building - relatively simplistic.   Tough to precisely place buildings, planting of saplings to keep trees going can obscure items/people.  Inherently I think I want roads, but goes against the current concept of just plopping buildings down.   I don't know why but I find it annoying to not be able to group things together easily like I want.   Might just be needing to work from the starting village and starting from a blank field may be better.  Anyway, personal preferences while it all 'works'.Action - Like the idea, concepts, etc.   Still feels cumbersome to control units and use abilities.   Can hotkey unit groupings to number keys, but can also use number keys to assign skills.   Missing something with the multiple heroes and abilities - think it needs a tab to next character in the group.Itemization is tough so far, but think I'm early enough that it may change.  I've found the 3rd hero and killed the dragon but only have 3 uncommon items so far.   Would be very useful if the non-equip able items greyed out when changing hero selection.   Alternatively let anyone wear anything with stat requirements.Stats are underwhelming.   Leveling up is underwhelming.Think it would be much better to be able to pick your starting hero and skill them up yourself.  Still keep it simple, but give some level of customization.I'll play it a bit more and then maybe wait for the next update.1/12/17 update:Experimental build update helped quite a bit - pause, better balance.  Also played the sandbox mode, liked that quite a bit.   Odd mechanic to start over on a new map though - doesn't seem like you really need to do anything since heroes don't need upkeep.   So, really - what's the point of building a town other than maybe crafting?Still missing something - played a couple hours a few times now and I want to explore the map, so that's good.   Think there should be more/better encounters.I don't care about stats/RPG aspect that much, think that should be tweaked.  Maybe extend the # of levels and add skill adds/increases.Itemization is meh still.   I got 4 rare items!  They're all worker equipment :(Haven't built a single military unit yet.  Haven't felt the need.No real challenge to building a good economy, unless you forget to build the distribution building like i did a few times.Wish I'd gotten it on sale, but not that sad if they keep up with the updates."
76561198075468146,Not Recommended,224440,29055692,Posted: 6 January,all,senor deeblay,"I played about 5 hours of this game straight through and felt as though I had a decent handle on the mechanics. I cannot, in good conscience, give this game a thumbs up at this time. The graphics and rendering were great, considering that it is an Early Access title. As always, a statement like that comes with some caveats.  This game has potential, however, it is essentially a Warcraft 3 map, with a world-map feature--- minus the ""War"" part of ""Warcraft"".It is a working title, and I expereinced no major bugs, crashes or hangups during my experience.Based on lack of content and replayability, I stand by my thumbs down."
,Recommended,224440,28189155,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all, Hidden ,Love the game so much fun but need more bigger maps.I will say one map the swamp you get attacked right away and lose all my people please fix.Oh and please work on the editor latter on Really hard to understand but keep up the good work I can't wait to see the updates ahead.
,Recommended,224440,29172877,Posted: 10 January,all,SniperMonkey,"Not one for leaving reviews, however after 6 hours today I have to say for an early access game it's great... yes there's bugs and a few aspects of the game that needs improving; but I expect that for any early access, so I can ignore them and look at the bigger picture.StoryTwo sides to choose from the outset story wise, so a welcoming replay value I am sure.  But for me it’s the wit in the writing; it’s great and refreshing for a game not taking itself seriously. I like and a few laughs while playing today. The tutorial was entertaining as well.... And I have to say that for an RPG game not being over the top with Dialog and no side quests (some games can over do it with side quests), it works and I feel the town building aspect works well to fill the void.GraphicsOk for someone with a 980TI I am all about the visuals, however I like the graphics. Simple yet detailed at the same time. Hats off to the games artist, “I like your style”. It is a good looking game.Game playSo the RPG aspect is fun, but i will say that I am all for the town building game play... its great and if you like Banished, Black & White etc. This game is for you. Learning how to play, the tutorial for once doesn’t spoon feed you and its refreshing once again to explore how to really play the game which I miss to be honest from games today...Only aspect i have found is missing is class selection of town folk for example, selecting all the soldiers rather than drawing a box hoping you get the soldiers to protect your town and you send half of the village into war by mistake.But if that’s my only concern with this EARLY ACCESS game then I will stand by my opinion. Its great, it’s refreshing, it’s a beautiful artistic game, great wit & narrative and its beyond addictive (6 hours straight). I will say though, you need to like RGPs and town builders games to enjoy this... both elements work hand in hand therefore if you are not a keen RPG’er than you won’t enjoy the game.But thumbs up from me and looking forward after work tomorrow to sit down and have a play!"
76561198033056417,Recommended,224440,31203692,Posted: 17 April,all,Jarod,Really nice game. Absolutely worth the money. Can't wait to see what is implemented next. Give it a try!
76561198034503582,Recommended,224440,28464976,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,louisfld,Becoming a solid game with each update.
76561198073344876,Recommended,224440,32233842,Posted: 6 June,all,jereco_warboy,This game is fun! Alot added to the game since i bought it! Hopefully soon it will be finished
76561198036019166,Recommended,224440,21845999,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,tictactoe_13,"I am leaving the information below because it is releveant.  Understand that this Developer is ACTIVE and cares about the community and the product being put out.This alone changes the review dramatically in a positive way.  It was a gem of a game to begin with and now it is becoming a really interesting shining example of a wonderful indie title.Is it taking time?  Yes.Is it worth it?  Wholeheartedly yes.If you are into this genre, you will get enjoyment from just how charming this game is.Simon, you are awesome.  Keep up  the fantastic work please!---------EDIT:  The game crashes a ****Tonne in Campaign.- Crashed when I clicked on thew Western twin waterfalls.- Crached in the Glades.- Crashed trying to get out of the Robbers Den or whatever that is called.When it crashes it is the variety that freezes your entire machine.  It has crashed so consistently that I just gave up playing it.  Keep in mind I really was enjoying it, so this will really sour some fans.  It is like finding a Gem and someone slapping it out of your hand.Please take time to read the positives though, and keep an eye out.  If the updates solve this, it will be a really fun title.Running OSX El Capitan 10.11.32.8 Ghz Intel i512 GB RamATI Radeon HD 5750Original Review:I have watched this game develop for a long time now.  Over a year and a half now.Even though it takes time, it is at the point where you can really see and enjoy it for the gem it is and is going to become.Just my take.  So far it is well thought out and a lot of fun to play.  :)"
,Recommended,224440,23047941,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Siscoprofit,Interesting attempt at something unique. If you like Sim/RPG/RTS it's one of a kind. Huge potential if they keep working on it.
76561198127721446,Recommended,224440,23771386,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,elderlover-ezioufo,Could use some more work but overall its pretty solid in concept and good gameplay
76561197996184333,Recommended,224440,23772868,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Chrisso06,"Excellent concept, a mixture of WoW and AoE, City builder one minute then dungeon hunting for loot and questing the next. pretty in depth city builder however lacks some core features than gives a virtual village emersion, the main harp i have is that villagers seem to be be sprawled out al over the town, i would love to see pathways added as a construction feature to add some organisation to the chaos that it is currently. Am very interested to see where this goes !"
,Recommended,224440,16823875,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,rashood,i really enjoy playing this game
,Recommended,224440,23855016,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Subzy,"Pros:+This game runs really well for an Early Access title+The developers are involved and active. Impressive lot.+The RPG and Strategy elements work so so so well together+It is definitely a unique game. It has it all, from crafting, research and resources management to dungeon exploration and RPG elements+An excellent sound track.+It looks pretty!+ It will scratch that settlers itch you all have ;)Cons:- I wish the production chains were longer and a bit more complex. They are not too simple, but just not quite as complicated as I am use to from playing anno and other games.- The maps (even in sandbox mode) are a bit too small for my liking. This has to change...Over all it is very very fun."
,Recommended,224440,25821948,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Adam525,"I dont why why all the hate and low ranking this game is getting ,its very beautiful , fantastic game style and really deep, if you love village and town building with all the sophistication that comes with it then go ahead and purschase it . very good game"
,Recommended,224440,2194134,"Posted: 3 June, 2013",all,KingsLoMein,All you can play is tutorial. Cmon patches
76561198068966487,Recommended,224440,16432195,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Voltaire,"Hello Folk Tale! This game is AMAZING I love it since it is so Beautifal but what got me so sad was the Removal of trails, I used them as a kind of guide to building a surviving village! But now since I dont have trails and now to me it looks ugly without them so I do suggest a way to make trails and kind of like in Banished, it speeds up villagers! So I do have more suggestions but this is my main one! Also I do suggest this game for others! Good luck developers and I hope you do a good job! :D"
,Recommended,224440,28496092,"Posted: 20 December, 2016",all,Fergas,Reminds me of the settlers with abit of rpg thrown into the mix. Im enjoying it.
,Recommended,224440,35357069,Posted: 30 September,all,Sane-sensei,"I love Folk Tale, but since it's still Early Access there's some stuff which isn't in the game yet. I also felt that game lacked something. That ""special touch"" which would make it even more unique. Yes, controlling heroes and soldiers while building your village/town is nice, but that kind of stuff isn't very unique. You could do that already in Warcraft 3. What this game probably need is that environment should be more lively, villagers should be more realistic like having their own personalities, stopping talking to each other etc. Now it feels like playing Banished while having soldiers, monsters and heroes. There's also two problems which I'm not sure is it because my computer can't handle those or is it because game is still too buggy: once I have 200-220 villagers game crashes without any warning. Second problem is that map editor doesn't seem to work for me. It opens, but doesn't give me any choises to choose from land, water etc. All it let me do is to put some rocks in to map. 8/10 for now. I might edit this review once the game is fully done."
76561198048880642,Recommended,224440,35358130,Posted: 30 September,all,krynch,"I like it, ive got 13 or so hours into it over the last few builds. hope they open multiplayer on it soon"
76561198058460610,Recommended,224440,28655809,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,ramblinman_,"I've had this game for awhile ,(2014) ive been through a lot of changes with this game . i don't know how games are developed or how long it takes , so i can't comment on the amount of time this one has taken. i find it a very enteraining game and one i keep getting drawnback into.  the city building can be challenging and quests with a little dungeon exploration thrown in to spice it up.  i think what really impresses me is the constant improving of the game , ive payed the same price for completed games i havent enjoyed half as much as this one , i would and do recommend this game"
,Recommended,224440,29015336,Posted: 4 January,all,CdrGrimReaper,Folk Tale is a respectable game.I have been playing it on and off since it was first avalible on steam.The most recent changes are really interesting.I am looking forward to the future of this game.
,Recommended,224440,35426924,Posted: 2 October,all,Dicey,Neat. Has potential. Hopefully not dead yet.
76561198005196916,Recommended,224440,28610050,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Sarkoon,"So far ive been playing for about 5 hours, messing around in sandbox mode and i really like the idea and concept of this game. I see a lot of people are mad about not being able to pause mid game while still being able to issue orders but i havent found a need for it whatsoever. Its essentially an RTS but with a balanced focus on city building and combat and the combat is fun with the addition of the heroes you command. You dont feel rushed to much when playing on medium difficulty but i havent played on any other difficulty. If i had to compare this game to another game on steam i would say its very similar to Banished but with combat. Im really excited to see where it goes and i hope the Devs continue working on it."
,Recommended,224440,28512942,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,eyeball360,"So far, this title has been well worth the sale price.It's a nice combination of RTS city building and RPG adventuring.  Great graphics and I like the humor element.  I've felt that the game has very high immersion potential.Some minor complaints would include the lack of good camera controls.  It is difficult to quickly change camera angles when your characters get into a fight which limits your ability to control individual actions for your characters.  The result is that pretty much every fight turns into one big Mongolian Cluster Click.  It would be great if the game engine used some kind of standard click and drag method to change camera views, like so many other games use.  Also, there's no way that I've seen to center the camera view on the characters, so when you get involved with the city management, it's easy to lose track of where your characters are and it can take a few minutes to locate them.  Some way to auto-center the camera view on them would be great, or even if their symbol on the overview map was a little different from the rest of the villagers that would be a big help.Overall this is a really good game, though.  I'm having a very good time with it and can't wait to see future developments."
76561197973582000,Recommended,224440,25704148,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,Tonykelly201,I have been playing this game on and off since it was first offered on Steam - it has really improved! Keep up the good work GF!!!
76561198018382749,Recommended,224440,14154042,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,King-Conus,"Game is not finished yet, but the Dev team is working hard on it. They also have a good interaction with the community. Can't wait for the next updates"
76561198007125084,Recommended,224440,30200623,Posted: 26 February,all,G Buff,"Really enjoying the game so far! It's sort of a cross between Warcraft 3, Age of Empires 2 and Civilisation. Maybe even a little bit of Diablo in there too. I've only played the campaign so far but I'm hooked.On the one hand, you are busy building things to keep your people happy and get a nice little city going and on the other, you are taking your heros off on well scripted and engaging adventures. It feels like a full and solid world and so far I have felt really immersed.Being early access, the game is not without its faults (spider attacks come thick and fast and your peasants and early army can't do much about it - you have to call your heros back to town to deal with them. Also tooltips could do with being a little more in depth) but it is definately a solid base from which to move forward and refine. For such a small dev team (only five of them I think), the game at the moment is something they should be really proud of and I hope they keep evolving it as time goes on (keep up the great work guys!).If you are thinking of buying it and enjoyed the games I mentioned above, definately give it a go."
76561198031169814,Recommended,224440,15688831,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Hercron,"Its been 1 year since I last wrote a review of this game.  At the time I was very angry about a lot of things.  first being the fact that shortly after backing it.  I found myself un-able to play it at all.  Last week after the patch 0.3 I got my first crack at actually playing the game and walking thru the in game tutorial.   I was shock!  Finally I could understand and play the game with easy.  No more broken basic needs.  Or at least I didn't encounter any.  Last year I would not recommend this game to anyone.  For fear of losing a friend.  The game was so flustrating.  Most of the common stuff was broken or not even there at all.   Today I found it playable and while I think the game progression is rather slow.  I am happy to say its been worth the wait.   I feel a lot of folks will not know what to do with this game though.  Do you play it like warcraft 3 build a economy and conqueer X enemy?  Not so much.  Its more on the lines of Banish I think.  Like a sim settlement builder type of thing.  In the near future that will probably change with heros, and dungeons coming in to play.   I would recommend this on 2 things.  First they dev's have a monthly blog supporting the up comming ideals and fixs, and second its fun to play.  Don't take my word on it.  Get out there and give it a try!  Write your own view and claim the New world for your villagers!  Woohoo!"
,Not Recommended,224440,20956728,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,defmore,"got it around 3 years ago, liked it, thought oh man I can't wait for it to be fully release. it's still in alpha wtf"
,Recommended,224440,14585563,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,KenBarby [BBA],"Like so many EA titles I own this game suffers from the ""mixed review madness"".In contrast to many other EA titles though, this title shows some actual progress and promise.A small but dedicated team produces consistent updates to content and mechanics, based for a large part on community input.I'm really interested in seeing where this title is going."
76561198079432103,Not Recommended,224440,9951477,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Feoras,"Fix this. What the heck. I can't even play the tutorial and you’re supposed to be at 44 percent finished. Ridiculous. LoL. That part there is just so bad. Until this is fixed, I can't recommend this. I can't even complete the very first two steps of the tutorial. Wow, what happened to playing the game before releasing? Seriously, you can't expect us to waste our money on nonsense. Please play your game and fix every bug that you can find as you come across them. Don't just sweep them under the rug and have us, the saps, come find them. That’s what we are when we know you haven't even play tested this yourself. I’m done. This is my review because I couldn't even get past the tutorial as of 4/27/2014."
76561198099035855,Not Recommended,224440,13831986,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,MRTN17,"Yesterday i bought this promising game, but i regret spending my money on something which is merely a demo. Other people have described the flaws in detail, like no upgrade options, no research and a buggy menu with hollow buttons.I really hope that the devs are not going to abandon this project and use the money the launch a whole different game, since patches are slow.Only consider buying this DEMO if you believe in supporting a nice idea for a citybuild/RPG game.My advice: DON'T BUY IT, THE GAME IS NOT FINISHED BY FAR. You'll feel sorry like i do after only 9 hours of buggy gameplay for $25."
,Recommended,224440,8544457,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Hanzo Main,As of now there isn't really much to do but after reading the blog posts this game shows a lot of promise. It'd be nice if there are more frequent updates though. So far so good.
76561197971088623,Recommended,224440,24831359,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Silver200x,"I think its great, mixing settlers with rpg ,  i did prefer, when the tutorial was part of the campaign, not a separate module so to speak, and with it being apart of the main game, at the end of basic tutorial you can add advanced tutorial option or begin main campaign option, and start the village bully scene, this way, you can atleast tutorial upto having a minimal economy , and barracks before you start getting♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and pillaged by the bullies and the spiders nest just near the the starting point, what happens is, a village walks past collecting berrys, aggros the 2 queens and her little  minions, and its game over. fun ended. other then that brilliant game. worthy purchase."
76561198003643896,Recommended,224440,14266922,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Jool,Great game! Very nice new update!
76561198120519634,Recommended,224440,30243076,Posted: 28 February,all,grgazzels,"A very good game, was released a little early even for experimental. But it is coming along great. One thing about getting in early is that you may heve something to offer to the game. Many ideas and fixes have come from players that opted into the game very early. If you opt fpr experimental games you should have enough common sence to know there will be bugs and limited game play."
76561197989589481,Recommended,224440,31733389,Posted: 13 May,all,p4chy0,"Very very very good game, this is prolly going to be one of my favorites. However, the map editor is for lack of better terms, horrible. The guide online is SUPER out of date and there is NO common sense to ANYTHING on that editor. If you look at games that had a SUPERB mod'ed community, their editors were clean and straight forward. Take a look at the editors for WC3, SC1 & SC2 (SC1 better). Also look at how Stranded Deep's editor allows easy and smooth costumization of the terrain.Couple of suggestions, not sure how easy or hard they would be to implement, but; make the triggers not just be a random gear on the background. They are obviously somewhere and connected to something, make it so they are a list and can be looked at with maybe a filter or something, so you can ID things that spawn vs when you walk through here... also allow the naming (maybe its in there but the editor is not straightforward and kinda convoluted) of zones/spawn points/locations/sites/objects. This would DEF help people who sit down and build completely BADASS maps. In any case this isn't a gameplay thing, so it shouldn't prevent your teams from finishing the game. However, I will say a lot of old games that are still around are here because of Mods, maps, and all new crazy things players came up with after they became ""old"".All this said, this is an awesome game, and I understand that this is still obviously in the works... but man when it is done, watchout life... it may come to an end.Excelent work.PS - on the tutorial (if you've played any kind of RTS/RPG before) you might look into fixing the ""bug"" where if you break open the little box or barrel before the ""find the clue"" comes up, it doesn't recognize the necklace. Just food for thought"
,Not Recommended,224440,30719358,Posted: 24 March,all,[VI] Styrbiorn,"this game has been in early access for like 4 years, and each update is slow in arrival, it is not even worth playing since anytime i log in, it feels like it has not changed at all."
76561198073870394,Recommended,224440,13899626,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,klwaites88,It is an interesting game and i enjoyed it waiting to see what the new updates will bring!
,Recommended,224440,13877105,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Gombart,+Talkative Devs+World Editor included (Share your Maps!)+Sandbox+Humor+Enjoyable music+Nice artGreat progress for a early access game so far.Buy it already! (Or wait till it's done)
76561198001593238,Recommended,224440,14159596,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,warmer.jesse,"If you ever wanted to take a city building sim to the next level and actually have a hand in the individual lives of it's occupants, Folk Tale actually delivers. Folk Tale came across my screen one day and I was very impressed by it's intended scope so I immediately purchased it in early access. It's been a year since then and I can honestly say this game has come a long way. It's an incredibly ambitious game. No other city sim comes close to the complexity of strategy and rpg elements as Folk Tale in my opinion. It's beautifully rich in detail in respect to both graphics and game play. It fills a depth nitche that was absolutely missing in Banished. Having each individual in your village have a character sheet and equipment can feel a little overwhelming at first, but once you become familiar with how the game is played it's much easier to manage. I can honestly say I never expected this game to get here. It's worth every penny and then some. If you like city builder and rpgs you HAVE to give this a try. There is truly nothing else like it. While it's still a ways out from completion, the potential for greatness is OBVIOUS! :)"
76561198052625460,Recommended,224440,7773188,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,smakaka,"Waiting for the game to be out in full, really nice one so far."
,Not Recommended,224440,15705516,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Starseed,"Since this is during a sale, I feel it's the perfect time to state my opinions on this game.Don't get it. It's more Early Access trash, is never coming out, and is still in what I would rather call a Pre-Alpha than Alpha two years in. Booted it up multiple times offline, never any real changes.The community for this game is disgustingly delusional, their defense force downvotes any negative reviews, and go so far to say that any critics of the insanely slow dev time are A. Trolls or B. (And this one requires some actual mental gymnastics) that the accounts were stolen by hackers to put bad reviews on the game from accounts that had owned it.If the lack of development isn't going to put you off the game? Check the discussion wall. See what the people who DO like this game are like. Then run away."
76561198034125759,Not Recommended,224440,18218022,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Mr Pig,"Initial alpha release May 2013, fast forward to 2015, game still in Alpha."
76561198007158444,Not Recommended,224440,8955165,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Vincere,"Folk Tale - A promising tale of intricate deceptions, biased communties, and one disappointment after the other. If a stunning game is what you're looking for, check back in 2018 - They should be done by then. Hopefully. At least with a save function, which only took them six months to add."
76561198031020989,Not Recommended,224440,17419080,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Burning RefleX,"The game is FAR from finished, not even fun to get started on ..."
,Not Recommended,224440,18134927,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,Bing,"I bought this game when it first launched as Early Access. Two and a half years later, it's still in Early Access - that is not acceptable IMO. I wouldn't support this developer on any future projects."
76561198052566982,Recommended,224440,15424011,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,duffboy424,I would recommend this game if you enjoy a city building strategy. I play this more then any other game and cant wait to see what they continue to add. I cant wait for when they are finally done with it.
,Recommended,224440,13550043,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,V1Pp1,"A very promising, and hilarious game. Great progress by the devs so far. Can't wait to see and play more.I wish the development progressed faster, but it's a small team, and doing a LOT of good stuff.For an early access, in development game, this is by far one of my favourites!"
,Recommended,224440,13420676,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Siberea,It has potential and I can't wait to see the rest
76561198008467264,Not Recommended,224440,17302859,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Gramora,Wait until this one is finally finished to buy it.
76561197976462312,Recommended,224440,13607757,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,nlgustafson,Been playing this a bit now.  There is still alot left to be desired but this looks like it has great potential.  Definately worth looking into.
,Recommended,224440,15707281,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Blackknight,"I definetly have to recommend this game, i got it at the very early stages and i had to say that the game itself was decent it was humorus with the lack of toast in the game.... I stopped playing the game for awhile but when i had come back to Folk Tale i saw that the game had developed from just an easy building tutorial game into something really exciting. The game mechanics have gotten updated and made the game more challenging and the amount of buildings and how the economic system in the game have become make the game just that more interesting reminding me of a stronghold mixed with age of empires online feel as the game uses the same popularity scale as stronghold but has the ransacking destruction of age of empires online when your villages are big enough and you go questing. The tundra and swamp maps are pretty challenging if you dont understand the game at first because of the lack of resources or even the amount of orcs coming at you all at once. Overall this game is a very fun game, very humorous and has tons of potential and i cannot wait until the game is completed! One thing i hope for is a added multiplayer option where you can build and compete against your friends in a rival trade town."
76561198029893063,Recommended,224440,31368064,Posted: 25 April,all,Big Lez,"It adds a bit more than to say any of the stronghold franchise, but needs more work"
76561198051086146,Recommended,224440,22419105,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Timewhiz,"How about we get rid of the negative reviews that are complaining that this game is dead or its taking too long. This game is simply amazing and it reminds me of stronghold but way better AI mechanics. From when i got this game on day 1, alot of progress has happened! i mean there wasnt a menu screen when it first started! Now, it has a menu, sandbox, and editor mode! To all naysayers who leave bad reviews, why did you even bother with this game? To the devs, Keep doing your work, i love where this game is going!Pros:MenuSmall campaignWitty comments by AIIf you like StrongholdMusicCons:There are still bugsNot enough time to play!"
76561198006527867,Not Recommended,224440,33953566,Posted: 1 August,all,Stand_and_Bang,Can you imagine how fast gaming would have died if back in the day people were asked to pay for a game that wouldn't be finished 4 years later.... luckily there's no way this trend last.... i hope......
76561198048888823,Recommended,224440,11982148,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,jason420,will this game every be ready
76561197986956128,Recommended,224440,13314500,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,andruspoiss,good game
,Not Recommended,224440,15718662,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,The CaT is a lie,I was tired to wait for game save feature more than 6 months of Early Access. Forgot about this game in my library. Found it now. Still nothing to play with.
,Not Recommended,224440,19798183,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Syzz,"TL;DR: a watered-down hodgepodge of RTS and City Management, resulting in something lackluster and hackneyed, this game has the unfavorable parts of both genres. Currently lacking any solid mechanics that makes me want to continue this game.Combat:""If you enjoyed Warcraft 3,..."" After playing a couple of hours, this statement makes me wanna cringe. The combat is absolutely horrendous if you are or were a serious WC3/SC1/2 player.1. This game doesn't allow quick changes in the screen: when my heroes were bound to '1' by pressing ctrl+1, pressing '1' repeatedly won't take you to the screen where my heroes are. It just 'selects' them.2. When pressing F1 (or F2,3,4...), the screen SLOWLY moves towards the hero's location. This is very annoying.3. Apparently, there are no commands for stop or hold position: units go on full aggressive mode. Extremely annoying.4. No hotkeys for hero abilities.City building:Even Age of Empires 2 has WAY more diversity, variety of resources, and construction upgrades.There's more. But I don't feel like bothering myself."
76561197985450887,Recommended,224440,13707475,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,~Arena,the goblins are proper chavs alright init
,Recommended,224440,8735296,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,ToadStoned,"Game still has a long way to go, but was fun the first time around."
76561198029305942,Recommended,224440,8243934,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,muzaazi,buy now cz in 2014 it will cost $39.99
76561198135614484,Not Recommended,224440,24128726,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Co-op Arcadia,"While I was playing the tutorial, i exit the mine before the boss fight, i can't re-enter the mine to finish the tutorial (first bug).After you completed the tutorial it says you can now exit the tutorial.The developer should have just end the tutorial after the final dialogue (bad implementation)I can't seem to find a way to delete my save game other than going into save game folder itself from Windows.Upon researching for more Folk Tale content on the net and youtube, there's literally no content at all. The developer did not do any publicity for their game or they already gave up the game? Yes there's minor patch here and there on their dev blog but I feel the developer already gave up on the game they did not even update their own content on the website. Early access since 2013. By the time you release the game people are already into virtual reality.p.s rip Folk Tale"
,Recommended,224440,14157236,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Ang,Fun game.  I look forward to more updates.
,Recommended,224440,16544788,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Mr Retro,"I dont know why people r hatin on the game. I think its a nice casual, fun experiance"
76561198041897376,Recommended,224440,30738485,Posted: 25 March,all,StylePts,"ive been playing this style of game for a long time favorites such as black and white, warcraft and starcraft. This game is excellent honestly. It's one of the only games if not the only currently that continues this style of gaming. Warcraft was excellent because you got to be attached to you're favorite hero and level them up plus gear them. It felt fun and was a blast building a town to boot. Black and white is one of my favorites simply because the city building is so much fun. I love to grow the town and either become a utopia or turn into a fortress for war. This game continues on these charactistics. And to be honest does a pretty damn good job conisdering how large of a project this really is. There is far more in depth tools to ultlize and work with as you expand and conqure. However, this game truely needs to be tweaked around the balancing of AI, and looting. I mean it's pretty crap. You can run around a enemy in a circle and heal then rengage and win. The loot is always crap or it is for sir g. No good loot for fellow heros you pick up on the way AT ALL. So annoying. Tired of gearing my settlers with all the♥♥♥♥♥♥i get because my heros get nothing. The other A.I needs to become a living AI. not this dungeon stuff we are seeing. I want to see a town expanding and pressuring us to either progress and fight, or ally and work for. It can be done just needs something. Farming spiders, crabs, and other wild life is only so fun for so long. Id like to feel challenged with more decisions that lead to other results and not only one path dialogs. There are 4 options you choose everyone you want besides the answer, and it always makes you refer to what the game wants you to pick. Why even include the dialog then?-Noted Bugs-Weapons do not scale damage proporely on villagers and heros.-Repeated loot drops with no variations.-Dialog audio shutting off around End of Act I-Rocks, and landscape block buildings from being built in odd ways.-Disengage and re-engage do not reset enemies, this results in auto health regen for heros and not mobs.-Market does not provide needed resourses for posion potions, and upgraaded variations of health and mana potions.-Inproper seeding of need herbs.As i play more and promote more players to test the game i will update my orginal review."
76561198065325441,Recommended,224440,27917385,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,mynameiseoin,"Played for about an hour and a half, so here are my initial impressions:Perfect mix of city building game, RPG, and RTS. I've been looking for a game like this for a long time.Totally playable in it's current state. Please support this game! It's gonna be a hit when it's done :)"
76561198023498162,Not Recommended,224440,29090638,Posted: 7 January,all,Vaunt,"I really don't get the direction of this game. It's like it has a city building management sim, but it's a total side thought of the actual gameplay. Okay greay.. i built a logcutter, a fishery, a few cottages.. but there was no point in me doing this. I just control my hero 90% of the time. Controlling the hero is MOBA-like, with no hotkeys. So its just frustrating to fight enemies. I just don't understand the direction this game is trying to take. I was hoping it was a city sim, but it doesn't really feel like it plays that way."
76561198012004199,Recommended,224440,30741364,Posted: 25 March,all,Chiz,"Great game, It still has things needing to be done with it, but the potential is fantastic. Best early access ive played in a while, feels very well done for something still in early access. Very much looking forward to whats to come. :)"
,Recommended,224440,26334280,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Mr.Study,Best SandBox Game I Ever Played So AWESOME 100%
,Not Recommended,224440,29122090,Posted: 8 January,all,krelle1,"I bought this game back in 2013 because it looked interesting and I had not had bad experiences with early access games. Well, here 3½ year later it is still in alpha and I had forgotten about it. Cannot recommend unless you are looking to buy it for future you (say 3-4 more years)."
,Recommended,224440,26921630,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Wiggelawoo,"This game has come along way since its first releas. The game has many great concepts for a fun and exciting game! The game already offers alot but there are some mechanics that need some refining to be called a finished product. Still a great purchase if you're looking for a casual and fun game, or even a more indept playthrough as there are many aspects to the game."
,Not Recommended,224440,20277629,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,RebelSheep,"I purchased this game a long time ago, and I've tried playing it twice since then. This has to be one of the slowest moving game developments i've seen on steam. It might turn out to be alright one day, but at this stage its not worth a buy"
76561198111666365,Not Recommended,224440,30858983,Posted: 31 March,all,jedi1jordan,"Game work great at first, now the game will only load the world map and none of the dungeons. I have uninstalled and reinstalled multiple times. I also followed the instruction in the forums to fix this problem and none of them worked."
76561198031563266,Recommended,224440,29190180,Posted: 11 January,all,Pikachu,"This game is still in it's early stages, but from my experience so far I can say it is a fantastic game already and the direction the devs are taking looks set to improve it even more.Hybrid - RPG/City Builder.10/10 (for an alpha game).7/10 (if it were a finished game - I expect this will come up as development continues)."
76561197970537023,Recommended,224440,21844059,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Teri,good game
76561198005067926,Not Recommended,224440,21289025,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,BigAl56,"Bought this game in July 2014. Great graphics, lot of potential, beta version with early access but still no real advancements, buggy, hard to manipulate, and even the tutorial crashed on me. Wasted money to a developers team that isn't producing anything substantial. Almost three years in early access is a crime."
,Not Recommended,224440,24215695,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Clmkx,"Still not half way to completion, and heading in the wrong direction with no further campaign development for three years. Was excited for this but now it's a fogotten game."
,Recommended,224440,21762462,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Virtual Party Center - YouTube,I love this game! Played it when it first came out and it was pretty buggy back then. Played it about a year later and i can say it look and feels so much better. I enjoy the developers making it so much better. Keep it up
76561198019821945,Not Recommended,224440,20159461,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,POTATO DICK,It has serious potential to be good when it's finished but has been in early  release for such a long time with such little progress I cannot believe it is going to ever be finished and the current price is waaaaaay high for what amounts to 4 or so hours of gameplay before it literally runs out of content.
,Not Recommended,224440,15726421,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,kodikool,looks really good but nothing too promising right now
76561198006587763,Not Recommended,224440,15722375,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,AeonChan,"Stop taking your time. I have had this game since you was able to buy the game, I played it and by god i LOVED what i saw and it's potential, and couldnt wait to see the end product but realised that wouldnt be for a year.One year on you decided you would atleast have sandbox mode ready and able then move on to career mode, ok great, you still had a overall 'Very Positive' User review at that point, its now been what almost 4 years or more and you've had a HUGE boost in income to help pay the busy lil' workers, good feedback from the player base, yet still your dragging your heels using the excuse of ""We want to do this right"" which to start with was ok, but now we know it to just be code for ""Were just gonna keep telling you BS because we have no good resaon as to why we can't be bothered"", and now you have a Mixed User rating with over 770 reveiws if you have bothered to look lately, quickly becoming a rating of Very Poor, and then soon your gold mine will dry up and at which point you will be stuck trying to fill the promise of a great game with no income because no one else will be buying your game.There is soooo much more I could say but i think you get the point of what I am trying to say, and you only have to look at the reviews to see that I am right. It would be a shame to see this game go to waste because someone else or some other Company was able to take your concept and get a product out there for people to play a version of your game, and then you would be left in the dust with nothing but an alpha game shelved to show for your troubles."
76561198118686693,Recommended,224440,22595239,"Posted: 23 April, 2016",all,Erith,"This games has gone on leaps and bounds since i first played it. It has developed into more than just a city builder with some interesting character for you to use. The voice acting is good, however it’s not on every one, but they will probably add that in later. There is a new story mode which is a mice change if your board of creating huge villages with little cause except build massive awesome villages. It looks very promising for the future. I especially like the look of the ""visual modding tools"" It looks like in the future we might be able to have even more freedom with the game. I’m looking forward to it."
,Not Recommended,224440,16034869,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Ken21,"TL:DR Games like this are the reason people don't trust Early-Access games...This game... I bought this game well over a year ago because it sounded like it had the potential to become one of my favorites. Fast forward to now and it is pretty much unrecognizable compared to what it was suppose to be. This game had a lot of potential but the devs either got lazy, got their money and stopped caring, just plain out lied to get early access purchases, or all of the above."
76561198072140643,Recommended,224440,23368084,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Vicious,This Game is taking massive shape!! and has loads of potential!! for the 8 hours that i have spent into this promisimg gem! i think the price is about right!!
76561198007312498,Recommended,224440,14715773,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,The Elkantar,Amazing graphics!! Thank you so much for co-developing this for my beautiful Mac experience.
76561197998269427,Not Recommended,224440,32181334,Posted: 4 June,all,simension,"First view hours were fun playing it and tier up all building, fighting and dungeons becase very borring quickly... it is obvious that there are no alternatives but not matter what decision / chat anser chosen you end up at the wanted result. This game is develloped for several years now. I have it since a bout six month and all the time there has not been any content update... after about 8 hours of gameplay I am done - seldom got so little for such a price. This game looked so promissing and I liked the idea of combining a city builder with some dungeon work. Now I am very disappointed and strongly recommend to invest in another game!"
76561198067561490,Not Recommended,224440,29093552,Posted: 7 January,all,FrodoBagginYa,"Great idea, but for now this game isn't worth any more than $5. Even for alpha, this game is just not deep enough yet."
76561198076945352,Recommended,224440,29952875,Posted: 15 February,all,Andrax,I like this game. The patching and the development is constantly and interesting. The graphics remind me a little to Torchlight.
76561198099160730,Recommended,224440,30345207,Posted: 5 March,all,Morrison,just crashed in tutorial (build a lamber hat)mac osUpdProblem in retina resolution (2880x1600)In 1440x900 the game is great (at least first hour)
76561198297714458,Recommended,224440,24524977,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Nudist Beach,"An amazing game, dynamic and fun to play. As it currently stands, it's already a great game, needing only a few more things to be added to make it playable for longer, such as larger worlds, more buildings, perhaps even a dock or a multibiome world in one game."
76561198124771222,Recommended,224440,25698104,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,mandyy_n,"This is really different to most of the games I've played before - in a really fun way! I love the combination of a village building game with an element of RPG. The graphics are lovely, like a story book, and the villagers themselves are totally charming, with a fair bit of humour thrown in.I'm loving Folk Tale so far, and can't wait til the devs get it completely finished! This is still in EA but I haven't experienced any bugs so far (although I can't seem to explore any dungeons in sandbox mode, but I'm not sure if that's a bug or just not something that you're meant to be able to do), thankfully!"
,Recommended,224440,23669264,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Shen.,Really nice game.If you love RTS games but don't like early access games atleast follow it!♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s of potential!
,Recommended,224440,14153091,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,ADarkGhost,"So far a lot of fun, excited to see how things develope"
,Recommended,224440,23663674,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,ultravi0l3nce,Definitely the clash of RPG and SIM you're looking for. Development is steady and shows great promise.
76561198101994125,Recommended,224440,13625057,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,ladyheather_86,"You know what once it is completely finished, then it won't be a bad game based on the sandbox mode. Tutorial needs some serious work doing to it there isn't an option to do what the half the tutorial menu asks you and a menu to exit the game would help to start with. Very slow too and no idea where the villagers keep appearing from. But ultimately I do look forward to playing it once it has been fully developed. It has kind of a Settlers vibe, which I quite like and I would say making the building slightly smaller would be an advantage. I don't see this as being a multi-person, online game just single player, missions type of game."
,Recommended,224440,13755344,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,john.c.cicala,"Not too much game play and you can't save your games, but the concept is great.But i'd wait a little longer to buy when there is more gameplay . Or you could buy it on sale, it's current gameplay is worth a few bucks and a few hours."
76561197960558586,Recommended,224440,21913583,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Darkcrono,"I bought this game back in June of 2013. Immedietaly after buying it I regretted it. That version of the game was bad. Now, fast forward to March of 2016. I decided to download it again after having not touching it for almost 3 years, due to the new screenshots I saw on the store page. I have been playing it for about 2 hours now and wow have they improved this game. The combination of village building, equipment to be found and equipped on everybody (villagers too), and dungeon exploration with your heroes is great! It reminds me of the early Settlers games, or the old game Knights and Merchants.Pros:Nice graphicsFully customizable charactersFree building, build where ever is the best spot for the buildingDungeon/Cave exploration is a good break from the normal gather/buildCons:It took them three years to get where they are now, so progress is a little slow, but it is thereWhen all is said and done, I would say to grab a copy of this. If you are worried about the price then just wait until there is a sale to see if it goes on sale on Steam. Otherwise I still think it is worth the price in its current state."
,Recommended,224440,21913743,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,Squire Giblets,"Looks to be quite the promising game: a mix between Warcraft and Banished, where a humorous and engaging game is displayed in a dynamic (where present) cast and impressive amount of customisation of each individual character-but it sure is taking ages to come along with finishing the content and fixing its bugs; an example being the upgrade options that lead to nowhere... or the catapults that after firing a single shot play a continuous annoying loop noise until you want to delete the game out of frustration.*sigh*I seriously want this game to work, because although it has it's problems (being somewhat permanently in it's developing/early access phase) it still is a mad game and I expect will continue to improve to be even better."
76561198275996912,Recommended,224440,21938063,"Posted: 19 March, 2016",all,Squarebox^,"At first in alpha, it's not going to be good. Not bug reporting I could see as the first openning page showed it was in Alpha. But no bug reporter in the game as far I saw; or no comment section about how to make the game better. Which would be nice. First time I played didn't played nesscially play correctly, and taxed my people. Second time went much better; food and resources are your primany starting assets. Of course if you can review my second game of it. I did much better and improved after about 40 minutes of playtime. I acctually liked the game more than then many in the genre. Graphics silmiar to World of Warcraft, yet that was some 10 years ago. Cartoonish yes. My kids could learn a lot about how much would it take a long long time ago to build an empire or a village. Although very boring if you don't use your hero to explore. Which I liked. To gain food from the start; it helps gives something to do while your people work. BUT DON'T FORGET ABOUT THEM, haha. Some werid things with how the game is played. I didn't like how I ""techicnally"" took over a an old builiding that looked like a mine. I personally think; there should be more like as it appered to be a mine. Which I could used. A of now in my second game, so far I got an extra pheasent. I like how easy access the game is. Very easy for kids to understand and think. ""Well, If I save enough wood and stone, I could get...""  All builings mostly unlocked and yes, there are builinding options. One thing that would be exciting after playing for just 40 minutes; Is how deep the game could actually go. I played on easy. Normally I start games playing Hard. But have learned to play easy first to make it simple to go from easy to hard; then to medium and crush medium. But getting an exrta pheasent. Very Very usefull. I'm thinking of adding in another cottage just to see if gets more pheasents. Because they can work from the lumbermill or whatver it's called or the stone mason which give more resources. I also saw that the woodcutter's plant tree's. Yet, my fishwoman caught loads of fish and then would have to travel. So it's a game about location, location, location. Because if I do get exrta pheasents, which come by their own accord. Then it would be useful to have them pick ujp surranding exrta picking up things; food, wood, and stone. Yet again 40 minutes in Alpha 25 or 26 and I love it. Very rare for me to play a game and still want to play more of it, normally after I play I ponder how to play correctly. Almost like an addiction to video games to me again; coming back. Normally I'll play a few hours and then ponder and analize how I played. But this game is different it draws you in. Especially if your into RPG's villiage, city buildiers from an older time. Which I prefer. Tropico 5 is a very complicated game compared to this. This lays everything out for you. May take 3-4 times to get the hang of it. BUT PLAY EASY. And dev's don't speed up. Even it takes a couple or LESS years, haha. Take your time, Take you time; Good game I would pay $50-60 for. Which is very rare for me. But 24.99 for Alpha. A little steep. 19.99 would have been better. Remeber one comment box and you'll get a whole lot of advice, or bug reporter. Also remeber stick to your roots about those comments some mjean, some harsh; some useful; some actually from other players' who made the game with you. TO ALL DEVOPLERS DON'T DO EVERYTHING THEY WANT YOU TO DO OR IT MESS UP THE WHOLE GAME."
76561197985525595,Recommended,224440,21966236,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Yuck,"Although I hear it was problematic before, devs have recently been updating the game with several important upgrades ++ extra functionality. It's been a long time coming but I can't wait ti=o see the game as a finished version. even though it is currently not finished it is still fun to play around with."
76561197985222127,Recommended,224440,23967594,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,J R R Coopieh,"I bought this game a while ago and played a fair few hours on the Sandbox mode. I have to say that while sometimes gameplay can be buggy it's an absolute gem. The development team have done a wonderful job of mixing a civil builder with RPG elements, you'll actually give a♥♥♥♥♥♥about your town/villagers and heroes.So far I've started let's playing the campaign on my youtube channel, thecoope550, and I love it. The humour is there, the story elements are there too. The only downside I've got with the game is that I haven't worked out how to build roads in the campaign mode yet, but I'm sure I will at some point.The economy system is clever, and follows a logical path for example you can't make pies without meat and flour it's not too difficult to pick up but at the same time if you don't do things in a sensible and logical order then you're peasents will leave and you'll end up♥♥♥♥♥♥creek without a paddle. In short it's the best £15 I've spent and the game isn't even finished yet. If they even put in a multiplayer system where you choose either a hero or to lead a town it'll truely be somthing spectacular.I've still got to test out the world editor but it's on my to-do list!Thanks for reading!"
,Recommended,224440,23874205,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Mrfalk,Love this game cant wait for the finished product =)
76561197993377283,Recommended,224440,25245530,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,captainharlow,The developers have done a great job so far. It's come a long way!
76561198012872922,Recommended,224440,23087431,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,jerebear,possibility of being a great game but still early access as of 5-19-16
,Not Recommended,224440,24049629,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,FREEMASON,"New reviewI'm back again with a new review as I've jumped into the game after a few months since I've last played, I'm impressed that the game have gotten quite a few updates there is tutorial now but the game still is a long way until it is finish...unfortunately...I like the concept but when I first looked into this game I thought that the game was going to be big! as far as map size that we can have a flourishing big city and other human AI cities to interact and trade with while fending off and embarking on quest to kill zombie, and monsters...but yet this game is still in development and I hope that the developer see the need to improve and widen the spectrum of mapsize and indept quest line to keep us busy. Other than this you guys are doing good.I am ready to discuss of ideas and such if you want to have me in on your discussion not sure if I'll be able to give much.The game still feels like it's in it's early stage yet so...buy on your own risk."
,Recommended,224440,26060304,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,scotmcc,"Great game so far, I really enjoy the city building / CRPG dynamic. Looking forward to more updates!!"
76561198052278491,Recommended,224440,21871531,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Goat Watcher,The campaign feels like it's 2% finished. And the devs released it... It would be a great game though. Maybe one of the best games in recent 5-10 years.
76561198007207376,Recommended,224440,28639279,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,M-Newb,I love this  game its fun play i'm hooked on it !
76561197982685012,Recommended,224440,28918180,Posted: 1 January,all,Rivethead,"The Short- very good hybrid of RTS / RPG / Dungeon Crawler / RoguelikeThe Long- I bought this game a while back, I think over 2 years ago? When I did it was still in beta and was actually bad; just a bear-bones tutorial with no save feature. I don't remember if Steam had the Refund thing at the time but honestly..if they did I may have refunded. I'm glad I didn't.I decided on a whim to reinstall after reading dev updates. So far I am very pleased.The devs have really broke the mold on Folktale- there is quirky graphics, humor ( plenty of that), RTS fighting, city-building and management...and....dungeon crawling.You have ""heros"" that do the actual dungeons, and man these folks are quirky with a big ""Q"". The fighting can get a tad crazy at times as there is no pause feature ( mores the pity; at the time of this writing the Devs have said there will not ever be) but you can, however, just hit ESC if you need a break.I still think a pause feature, just for dungeons, would have been a good idea. Your peasant population will actually gang up on enemies and are very effective ( and funny; scroll ALL THE WAY down during a fight for some funny dialogue)The game is still in early release, and I hope the devs can keep up the good work.1 / 1/ 2017  Rivscore-  86 / 100"
,Not Recommended,224440,29071551,Posted: 6 January,all,xeizs,"Idea is nice, but at this state of the game is just bad, especially the storyline ""missions"", looks DEV lack resources to fully implement the ideas they have and instead they add tiny bit of unpolished and useless parts (i.e. the ""stats"" for characters, there's no choice really, no motivation to ever pick anything else than main stat, so why this is even there)."
76561198025134606,Recommended,224440,29703793,Posted: 4 February,all,Hawke,"Love this game so far!  Beautiful graphics, fairly intuitive GUI (takes a little getting used to, then it's second nature).  Would love to see an addition of a way to scroll back through system messages.  Currently, the controls setup is that panning is controled via keyboard and zooming is controled by mousewheel.  Would be nicer if those were reversed.  Also, the hero's controls are a bit clumbsy... would be nice to be able to set his actions to the number bar on the keyboard.  Click/Point takes away some of the immersiveness.I'm really enjoying this game overall.  I've played through the tutorial, and tried out the sandbox a bit... currently running through the campaign.Keep up the good work!  Looking forward to updates."
76561198007570639,Not Recommended,224440,34514075,Posted: 26 August,all,joprviet,Still unfinished. Save your money.
,Recommended,224440,29210472,Posted: 12 January,all,Jeremy Corbyn,"Thing that really bugs me about this game is it doesn't give you enough space to build your village in, constantly trying to find somewhere which isn't red"
,Recommended,224440,32554707,Posted: 18 June,all,zaabi1995,"The game is alright but took to long to develop, though it is not abandoned, hope to see it get finished soon!Edit: Apparantly it has been abandondend..."
76561198022993673,Recommended,224440,23809172,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,scharger99,Will be a really great game when it's finished.  Very good right now.
76561198029365391,Recommended,224440,25958916,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,AlienWired,Crap....They got me.Now it's got me hooked...And I swear the voice of the Knight is Jack Palance.
76561198005698391,Recommended,224440,28670494,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Meddy,"I like this game. I like the combination of mediavel/fantasy village builder and micromanagement together with RPG dungeon crawler. On the other side I have few comments:1) It needs better micromanagement of heroes and their skills. I am missing pause-give orders-unpause or time slowing button.2) Allow directing of ""friendly"" spells through character icon (portrait) without need to search and click them directly3) There is no auto-sort button for ""general"" inventory.  Some tweeking should be fine.Nothing more. I am very entertained and happy with Folks TaleMaybe just one more thing: There is bug in this moment. Maybe not bug, just laziness of herbalists who dont want to gather water which is needed for potion brewing."
76561198033395447,Recommended,224440,29020794,Posted: 4 January,all,Clever28nj,"I bought this recently and I really enjoy it.It has a lot of options for upgrades to your buildings (and there are lots of building types), fantastic rpg combat/dungeon crawling, and a sense that your actions do matter. For EA it's a nice preview of what's to come, and I'd recommend it to anyone interested in the videos/screen shots.I personally believe this has a lot of potential, and I look forward to future patches and eventually a 1.0 release!!!"
76561198107068520,Recommended,224440,22805785,"Posted: 4 May, 2016",all,pombruv,"I took a 4 month break from this game because, after spending over 1800 hours on it, I thought I might be getting a tiny bit obsessive:) Later, I even tried to find another game that might be as good or better. I was unsuccessful. In my opinion Folk Tale is the best game of its type on Steam and although it has been a long time in development (with plenty more to come before completion) it is an absolute jewel of a game. It has beautifully styled graphics, not photo-realistic but detailed and charmingly imagined. This game is a little masterpiece in the making and all due to a small but extremely talented development team who deserve great respect for their efforts.To be clear about my 1800 hours of gameplay, I haven't just been playing the game over and over again. I'm more interested in the game editor that comes with Folk Tale and that's where I've spent most of my time. This editor and the node based scripting system that comes with it is a brilliant piece of work and once the main game is complete Folk Tale should never run out of additional content. (However it's a little tricky to produce consistent mods at the moment because the game is still developing and occasionally an official update can temporarily break a mod when you least expect it.)If you're impatient and must have the finished game NOW, then you'd be best to stay away - it's not for you. But Folk Tale as it stands has a lot of enjoyable gameplay so if you like this sort of game and you like to be part of the development process then you should certainly enjoy Folk Tale."
76561198156215092,Recommended,224440,23546596,"Posted: 13 June, 2016",all,Neo Blitz,"I like how much this game reminds me of the original fable.  It is almost like the fable we never got but this is in it's own league (RTS).early access, early access, early access....zzzzz why the good ones not the first ones down the tube,  I wholeheartedly recommned this game for 3 simple reasonsIt remembers it is a game and not some repetitive AAA shelf trophy with a new shiny graphic here or there, it brings excitement to it updates and it is quite playable in its state right now with only growth in sight.its another welldeserving title!Mostly though that I'm a fan of bundling genres and settings togethers across multiple styles of play abilities and this one ties it into a story like ark with a nice little ribbon to be savagely cut with murderous weapons.  I can't wait to see what the finished product has to offer."
,Recommended,224440,28756147,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Nialscorva,Don't buy expecting a complete and ready to play game.  Very solid foundation for a ARPG/RTS/Citybuilder hybrid and it'll be fascenating to see how it gets balanced and fleshed out in the future.
,Recommended,224440,28765838,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Kurayami Riou,Its a story about Bob and a mouse on top of his desk that can control people to do things for him.
76561198009205757,Recommended,224440,32215708,Posted: 6 June,all,davidmaes,"It's true, they game is still in Alpha and I'm really sad about it becuase I can't wait for it to come out since it has so many features I really like in a game and there aren't any others that has all those features.So devs plz hurry up already!!! We are waiting impatiently."
76561198054973364,Not Recommended,224440,25576033,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,ematsouka,"Just impossible to enjoy this game. Before you know it people leave the town for one reason or another. I am not sure why 25 peolpe need hundreds of cloths, hundreds of food, equal amount of fire wood and so on. On top of it you have the spiders, the impossible enemy that cannot be killed (the queen) and which kill the people. The hero, instead of winning experience from being killed, loses big time. You simply have to stay alive to be able to go up one level. You cannot progress for the life of me. Even in sandbox the game is frustrating.It could have been a great game, but it lacks common snese."
,Not Recommended,224440,31834132,Posted: 18 May,all,Gotbud,bought this game 4 years agolove the concept and was funbut 4 years in green light is un acceptablefirgure your♥♥♥♥♥♥out and release a game thats finishedEDIT ... How the ♥♥♥♥ do i get my money back???
,Recommended,224440,30109985,Posted: 22 February,all,[TOG] REDDWARF_,"Great game, feels like stronhold in the sense that you build your town that needs resources and the population kept happy. Now and then you will be attacked by things in the wild or other races. Graphically its like League of legends and you get one hero who's health and mana bar are very similar to league of legends. You can go off and do side quests with your hero which are a lot of fun and the hero has boosts that can be used. I reccommend the game, I have had a lot of fun so far."
76561198048051080,Not Recommended,224440,8612346,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,madsnpoulsen,"Half a year ago when I bought this game it looked, smelled and felt like a home-run. However, in the past half year the game has only really seen minor bug-fixes and a save function being added, which leaves me fearing that this game will never go beyond the alpha stage.If you love a good sim game with a bit of rpg thrown in the mix, keep an eye on Folk Tale. It might become the next great sim-game. However, as of now I would not recommend this game. For me it has thus far been 17€ to play 3 hours of bugged tutorial."
76561198040377992,Recommended,224440,15638426,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,tfay1043,"I have enjoyed playing this game, fully acknowledging it is a work in progress. It is obvious to me the devs are putting heart and soul into making it a great game. I normally don't write reviews but felt this one has taken an unfait hit."
,Recommended,224440,29807553,Posted: 9 February,all,Tarkain,"The game I've been looking for... A blend of RPG, RTS and city building elements. At the time of this post I have amassed around 2 hours of play time and I can already tell I'm going to get my $20 worth. Not to mention the game is still in alpha with new content under development. I do wish they would consider adding multiplayer or co-op elements. A grouping system for dungeon crawling with heroes, sea battle units, etc... Hopefully, in future expansions.Really looking forward to more. Keep it up devs. If you ever need ideas I'm officially a loyal fan."
76561198119617164,Not Recommended,224440,9384021,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Rainbow Colour,"This game has a LOT of potential, how ever right now its riddled with bugs and glitches. One of the most easy to fix bugs is the way that your workers will just bug out in buildings and not work, this means you get low on rescources very very quickly. This game has been in development for a while now and i would not reccomend buying it until its fully released. CUrretnly theres about 2 hours of actually playing time and then you have nothing to do. Dont spend your money on this game until it is full released or at least out of early access."
,Not Recommended,224440,24621442,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,GoatPimp,"Looks nice, description nice, they do know their marketing. But they cant work...If i remember correctly this game was one of the first early access games, i bought it almost instantly. Maybe this is my first steam game, iwas drunk or something ;D No one knew back then what`s EA, if i knew i wouldnt have bought it... thats like 3 years from now...Seriously, its ♥♥♥♥♥♥ great that they release weekly updates, but its easy to do weekly updates, if you dont do anything else, than write a line of code and then next week you delete it...Please dont buy it, so they can stop working on it, I hate downloading it every six months."
,Recommended,224440,15689350,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Ranger Harris,"Great game to playI have had this game for a while I gotten into the game due to someone I watched on youtube, Even though he hard did any episodes of this game but made me realized I could still play this game for creative purpose.When I first played the game it was confusing at first till I learned the main details and it got easier at best, Since the recent update had happened I have tried using sandbox mode and tried recreating the greatest place I ever enjoyed in another game my own recreation of Oakvale from Fable and to be honest it looks nice but still working on it at best ease."
76561198064149172,Not Recommended,224440,14038491,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Is Playing Hearts Of Iron,"I have to be honest with you, this game is good one. However, I bought it for sandbox mod mode which the game does have. But it, atleast for me, does not work. I know its an early access game but I bought it for sandbox and it doesnt work"
,Recommended,224440,15705534,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,The doctor is in,"I picked up this game recently while on sale and so far have played it for several hours and it's been loads of fun, very addictive and captivating and overal well worth it.The developers have done a wonderful job and while the game still needs to be finished and there are some things that still need polishing it plays, sounds, looks and runs great and has has become my new favoriate game that i will play above all others.The game very much reminds me of WarCraft III, but set in an open sandbox limited only by your imagaination."
76561198079885934,Not Recommended,224440,17074166,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,GameKitten,"ABANDONED GAME. DO NOT BUY.So they fixed the balance a bit. Still the land is small and the buildings are huge. The hunters rarely hunt which makes it difficult to get a tailor shop up (you can if you hunt mobs, but the loot is out of whack (no leather on 4 wolves out of 5 and the armor/weapons you can craft are the same given to the villagers and heroes at the beginning..so what is the point of crafting). The villager will steal and there is no information on why or how to stop it (just slapped in game with out any clue to the reason behind it). I did enjoy some of the balancing and for a short time enjoyed the game until I got annoyed with the things I mentioned above.I do not like getting a threat by the developer about reviews that are not postive. It is in the forums. I paid for this game. I tried to help and still the game has many issues and not completed after a long time. I am more angry about what the dev posted about reviews than anything. Not all negative reviews are trash, they have valid concerns.So, this stays negative and I suggest my friends stay away or stay away until game is completed."
,Not Recommended,224440,9814340,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Ellis,Same reason as everyones elses for not recommending it. Such slow development. Waste of money.
,Recommended,224440,30968043,Posted: 5 April,all,P@ul_Medic,"Cant believe the negativity, this game is worth the money just for the soundtrack imo. The gameplay is deep and I love it, great developer. Thumbs up"
76561197970574331,Not Recommended,224440,10489407,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,impacman007,"I was watching this game before it went on sale for early access. I was excited about the witty humor and really looking forward to a great adventure. When it was available to purchase for early access I decided to pick it up. Some time after purchasing it however they switched gears and changed from campaign to sandbox. I do not play any of my builder type games in sandbox, I play through the campaign and that is it. Unfortunately this is going to be one of those games in my library that won't get dusted off. I have periodically checking to see how the progress is going. It seems to be slow, however if your looking for a sandbox game this might be a good one once they get it all polished up. Unfortunately it's not for me anymore."
,Not Recommended,224440,11611699,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Alexandr,"A game that seemed like it'd be great once it was more playable, it hasn't been made even remotely more complete in an entire year. A scam. A total and complete rip-off scam."
76561198036807885,Not Recommended,224440,9643793,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,abcolorado79,i cant get it be full screened just a small screen any ideas i cant play it so unless it can be fixed i give it low review
76561198008410835,Not Recommended,224440,11866616,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,[CUBA] Cultic,"After having my opinion shrouded by the forum moderators a couple of times and by the fanatic community it self, I've decided to voice my opinion here. This game is far from ready. Having bought this game within the first couple of weeks of its release I am appalled by the lack of progress and content that has been added to this game. Being released over 16 months ago and having little to none progress to show for it, I feel like I've been utterly ripped off. The game is not ready and is a long way to go before completion. The dev state that this game is 46% playable in its current state, a state which is missing a core component of its gamely. Sandbox mode. The only update I've seen happen in the last year is a slummy map and character editor being added to the games content. A feature which is utterly useless considering you cannot play the game at all. The only feature which you are able to access is the tutorial mode which has a buggy save system. The idea for this game is rather good, which was one of the main reasons which compelled me to buy this title in the first place. Even though I am fully aware that this game is an INDIE title in the ALPHA stage, I am utterly appalled by the lack of progress and at the same time amazed by how well the developers are doing. Constantly updating their blogs and making new videos and moderating the forums. Maybe if they spend less time on the forum and editing their blogss and videos and more time on the game, we would see some progress.Do not buy-A"
76561198016603106,Recommended,224440,30218031,Posted: 27 February,all,GabrielK,"A long, long time ago...A knight set foot into a village which was attacked by bandits, business as usual it seemed.So the knight draw his sword and drove the thieves out.The village folk cheered at first, but were afraid that the thieves might return.The knight listened to the worried people and decided to stay, just in case.That wasn't the end of the story.The mayor asked the knight to help him rebuild the village, an unusual task for a knight, but you get your quests where you get them.The knight built houses for the people, woodcutters' homes, mines etc. People seemed to be happy, praised the Holy Toast, went on their business and raised a mug of mead every now and then.That sounds easy in the beginning, but the knight noticed, that some of the townfolk acted erratic.Fields were standing in full bloom, but nobody was harvesting them for a while, people were more interested in filling their bellies than honest work.That changed for the better after a while. A LONG while.At one point the knight realized this quest might take forever, so he went down on his knees and prayed to the Holy Toast for guidance.And the Holy Toast answered ""Don't give up yet, the powers in control will not let you down, be patient.""And the knight asked ""How much longer ?""The Toast replied ""Haven't you seen them doing their work ? Haven't you noticed the change for the better ?""The knight nodded.The Toast went on ""Don't get me wrong, child, though they are the ones in control, but they are only a few. You... and your quest were not forgotten."" A pause ""And they know they sent you on your quest too early, far too early""The knight remained silent, so the Toast went on.""Don't you like it here ? The people are hard working but cheerful. Granted they have an immense appetite, but still""The knight nodded again.The Toast continued ""And from what I can see, you keep yourself busy as well, bandits, wolves and even finding new friends along the way, what an illustrious bunch you have there""The knight got up from his knees and kicked some dirt ""I know you're right, I will try to keep my patience, thank you Holy Toast""The Holy Toast smiled, or at least it seemed like it, you can never be sure with toast.""Your patience will be rewarded, child, just don't give up hope"" and with an uncharacteric pop the Toast vanished into thin air.------To cut a long story short:This game is in EA forever. The devs acknowledge they went into EA far too early, but there is still a LOT of communication going on between the team and the players.Still, what is in the game is fantastic, if you are looking for something to scratch your Settlers or Spellforce itch.It is well served with humor and a good graphic.The progress dev-wise is slow, yes, but they listen. As mentioned above there are improvements made to the villagers behaviour which resulted from the exchange between the programmers and the audience.I enjoy what I have seen so far.A recommendation from me, yes, but only for people that can be patient and let the devs do their work."
76561198086844482,Not Recommended,224440,9501214,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Surfing Stalin,"With a game that has show no improvment since it came makes me wish i did not wast my money on it, At the start of the game i thought it would be fun but no it was very slow, it felt like i was playing a half♥♥♥♥♥version of age of empires, with saying that i did like the way it was heading but now i just played it again today and now they want you to make your own map. does that make any since at all it is not are job to make the maps it is the ""Developers"" if they do not work on this game faster the hole project might as well just shut it's self down because no one is going to play it."
,Recommended,224440,9658590,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Yoshi Friend!,This game is so incomplete is not anywhere close to fun. Just dont
76561198053334874,Recommended,224440,8012119,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Momentuminfinite,So much fun!
,Recommended,224440,8227902,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Rayner,Great game should buy but needs more content added only about 3 hours of gameply and still buggy.
76561198000836423,Not Recommended,224440,16156459,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,"Boy Bruce, the Mighty Atom","Not much has changed since I purchased this on Steam Early Access 18 months ago or so.Developer is a still a control freak, with little understanding of paying gamers/people.Do you recommend this game? Do I f33k.Read the details you agree to."
,Recommended,224440,13494136,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Headless,"This developer works hard to keep early-access adopters of the game engaged. Regular progress reports along with twitch, youtube, game updates, and customer input have created a satisfied fan base and is a shining example of how ""pay for beta"" can be a great thing."
76561198014820612,Not Recommended,224440,11937716,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,CaptainSnugglebutt,"do not let other reviews make you think this is worth buying, i purchased this game when it was first up and have been checking back every month or so. This game has made no proggress in a year, they keep saying they will create the sandbox mode but theyv been saying that since the beggining and nothing has changed.in my opinion they have already given up but are leaving it up because people still seem to be buying it."
76561198089269442,Not Recommended,224440,11049364,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Star,"TLDR not worth the price, large scope slow updates, half finished implementations22/01/2016 UpdateIf its any indication I brought a game called Crashlands and  played that the same amount of hours in a week that I have played this game in 3 years and that comes down to playable content, there is just not enough in this game.No updates still in the same condition as months ago. So much promised content but nothing works when implemented the scope for this game has just grown out of proportion.Always hopefully and after so long in EA I figured surely by now they would have some semblemence of a nearly complete game.Unfortunately this is not the case. While that have added in a small questline, the issue is that it is very small and also buggy. Buttons still don't work.Progress on this game is so slow, the developers seem to spend more time writing long blogs about the changes they are making vs actually working on the game.Not worth the price.Update 28/3/15after leaving this game for up to 6 months i figured the devs would have had time to flesh it out a bit. Sadly it is still fill of broken features, now there all these shiny new buttons that dont actutally work.The game has a small amount of playable content but with no real direction and alot of the features still not working it gets boring pretty quick.Very slow development. I would still not recommend.Previous review from about June 2014:At first glance this game looked really enjoyable the tutorial was fun and and interesting with a little bit of everything.you got to start building a town and learn what the different buildings did, you got to make an army and go on a action filled adventure killing all sorts of monsters. The tutorial introduced a game I thought I could really get into.Sadly the actual game is nothing like the tutorial. Currently there is only a broken sandbox mode, half the buttons don't work, the controls are different to the ones you use in the tutorial so you have to learn what the new ones are. With the majority of the building and character controls, even menus not working the sandbox mode is very limited.The tutorial is misleading and suggests the game is something it is not.The development is slow and all around sandbox.Not worth the price."
76561198011483539,Not Recommended,224440,17651788,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,Pandito,I expected alot from this and it let me down...it talked big but didn't deliver what i expected. Their are better RTS out their.
76561198011458486,Recommended,224440,32143130,Posted: 2 June,all,Boom1axe,Aways been Good gameplay but I will let more updated commenters go into detail about that.All you need to know is Folk Tale owners been waiting for beta since 2013. Hope you like Half-life 3.
76561198115314819,Recommended,224440,13796244,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Revan,I love this game
76561198092039209,Recommended,224440,13796450,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,liQam,"Need a little more work, but i think this game can go far!!"
76561198052296617,Recommended,224440,13975041,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Ruthless,"First time i Review a game on steam. Simply put it is a great concept, good vision and feedback from the developers. This game is funny, clever, well voice-acted and it's mechanics show promise!IT is in development, but i do belieave the bad reviews are just because of people thinking they would get much more from a early stage project, wich i think is silly.I show my support for the developers! keep it up and great job!A toast to ya all!"
76561198000109094,Recommended,224440,15705382,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Bluedragon2000,I have had this since the Early Release Edition and I finally got to see the end results of waiting. First the Pro's: Easy to learn reminds me alot of Age Of Empires where you collect resources. Reminds me of Colonization where settlers come over when you are doing good:) I went and tried the tutorial and it helped me with 90% of the game.  You can assign any inactive to any job & you can change them up.Now the Con's You really have no way of knowing how many peasants are inactive until you want to build and there is no way you can call them over to any 1 spot where you can assign them tasks. Also you really can't tell how your research is going accept that it tells you when you are done. Unlike Civ series where it tells you how many turns left to get to your ending reseach.Over all it feels like Civ series but on a smaller scale. With a little more work it could be a Fun  game without the frustration you may feel from time to time. Is it worth the asking price maybe. Depends how you like the Civ Series:)Overall I would give the game a 8 out of 10. Nothing more then that though at this time:)
76561198041889474,Recommended,224440,24546051,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Lupo,"Progress is happening at a rate when compared, is quicker than dayz's development ;D"
76561198062125245,Recommended,224440,8788255,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,RancidMeat,"seems liek a great game i cant wait for it to come out fully.. the pre release is a little tough, not alot you can do and only being able to have 5 battle units (and no knights which i keep getting items for) make it very difficult, but i definatly am anxious to see the completed product. kep it up guys"
76561198133037325,Recommended,224440,15709573,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,LunchBawx939,"This is a good game with allot of promise, also it runs on a potato i have an older laptop with intel hd3000 video card and i can run at medium settings with 50fps."
76561198061142421,Recommended,224440,24626397,"Posted: 30 July, 2016",all,Taintedcookie,Great game!!
76561198085298658,Recommended,224440,23133022,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,REX,its fun
,Recommended,224440,13770213,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Neleve,"I like this game and i think it has great potential to become a great city building game. Its a mix of Age of Empires and Banished. There just need to be improvments to the barracks building to be able to train more soilders with one barracks building. Also, it needs more maps or map options, more building types. Though while playing there seems to be a lot of room for add ons, just not released yet. I can't wait to see what comes!"
76561197988795277,Recommended,224440,30636893,Posted: 20 March,all,Van Pelt ( + ),"Not a bad start to a game. In terms of town management, its a little light and easy.Has a good amount of entertainment for an early release, and of course a few bugs... uncompleteable quest, only on crash I encountered, and a party memeber remaining in party even after I've killed him as an NPC... that all asside, one major note is the need for town watch AI to do things other than stand around.... a patrol feature would be great as well as  'guard' command that actually worked.Also the party AI's ability usage works well in some cases, but really poorly in others. Needs some refinement... heavily.The tounge in cheek is an understatement.... this game drives it home hard.I'd recommend it none the less. Was worth the $20, for me at least."
,Recommended,224440,15589012,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Sabpai,It's a game in the making!
,Not Recommended,224440,15722327,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Jessada,its been 2 years guys...
76561197972906113,Not Recommended,224440,15739360,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,S.M.L Pro AlexS-07!,Im just mad like the rest. How about some updates and some work to the game. Seems like the village people wander away from there goals and this could use some updates. I truely am looking forward to this game with some progress and still believe this game has some future. Time seems to have past and small updates? This has been yet another learning lesson on paying for something before it is complete. Will I ever learn....
,Not Recommended,224440,15728649,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Madwac,"Honestly I'm never this critical of a game but here it goes.♥♥♥♥ this game, it was one of the first things I've supported in early access because it had potential and a cool idea behind it.2 years later, the game feels as bad if not worse than when it first got released into early access, they changed the goal of the game so the only reason I bought this for was somehow scrapped along the way in the MINIMAL number of updates that happened....Really♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at this I WOULD NOT RECOMMEND THIS."
,Not Recommended,224440,15710529,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,jaxk,"the game is good but honestly, this has been sitting in the steam library for ages un playable , the tutorial was great, but IT GETS BORING AFTER A YEAR OR SO"
76561198067203627,Recommended,224440,13644894,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,darkwater256,i have very much enjoyed this game so far i know i still have alot to learn about it and they are still in development. i cant wait for the finished product to be out. i think this may be a game i spend hour and hours playing once it gets into full swing.
76561198055628694,Recommended,224440,13654832,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,fishingfrogman,"Excellent game! Just bought it , played 6 hours. If you like city building get this game. It's still a little rough around the edges, but lots of potential. Play the tutorial, it's an old version but it really helps. Can not wait to see the new builds as they come out. The developer does a good job of updating progress. I have been watching this game for a while, I jumped in when it went on sale."
,Recommended,224440,22974375,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,walkerXT,Really shaping up to be a great sandbox strategy-rpg
76561198028203121,Recommended,224440,27023939,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Liya,"This game has imroved a thousand fold since it's intial release.Still needs more work, but overall it's fun."
76561198006524453,Recommended,224440,28523878,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Hassie54,"This game is fun. . .but until this most recent update it was rather short in length. HOWEVER, it is NOW worth buying if you just want to play it for the 10 hours or so it offers. It is worth it in my opinion. This is a fun game, with new ideas in the stratey genre, as well as using some old ideas that works so well (Warcraft 3.) If you like the idea of heroes and units, and building up a town, while doing quests and the like, similar to Warcraft 3, with much upgraded graphics and it's own humor, support this project please!"
,Not Recommended,224440,15716503,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,iGleeson,I bought this game when it first came out on Early Access. It was a pretty positive start but it needed a lot of work. Very little has changed in the last two years. Don't bother.
76561198060520330,Not Recommended,224440,22097443,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Thaurane,"almost 3 years and still not out of early access. games like this are proof why features like green light and early access games are a really, really bad idea. although a lot has been it still does not justify why it's still in early access."
,Not Recommended,224440,32090953,Posted: 31 May,all,Sexy Iron Maiden,"Wouldnt recommend. Poor graphics, slow gameplay. Illogical and hidden mechanics and numbers. Been in early access for 4 years. Still feels like it's in early access"
76561198071828213,Not Recommended,224440,26138780,"Posted: 20 October, 2016",all,PartimeBeast,"Honestly I've only been able to play it for an hour so far. I can't seem to be able to get it to play for any extended period of time without crashing or even sometimes loading a game from the title/menu screen.The gameplay works pretty well though, I have to admit. Wish there was a way to select all of your combat units at once hoerver.I think there would be much added value if there were randomly generated maps."
76561198029645810,Not Recommended,224440,15724858,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Cloudstr1,Like this game used to USED to have a tutorial level to play and boot it up now and it don't im sorry wtf just seems like this game has be getting slowly unmade not finished dont bother with this game unless you really want a game that will be done in 2050 maybe?
76561198039995049,Recommended,224440,15681981,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,wombie,"very promising, with regular updates coming in"
76561198012033570,Not Recommended,224440,21308110,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Brenten007,"Ok as you upgrade and you need mead or cloths, everyone just starts leaving.  I just built the inn and try to get the mead flowing, but people just starts leaving just because of 1 little thing...  I mean really... THAT IS ABSOLUTELY STUPID!!!"
,Not Recommended,224440,15717919,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Bexini,"Never lived up to its description, basic game play was promising but never came to fruition."
76561197971160786,Not Recommended,224440,15717926,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Mantra of Bokito,"Please don't buy this, better to give your money to a beggar.Game has shown barely any developement in the last 2 years and the trailer belies the content."
76561198020514514,Not Recommended,224440,16552915,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Bradley,"Dont buy it until full release, the game is in EA for 2+ years now? im not going to say this is some kind of money grab but at least they're going to takes years to finish it"
,Not Recommended,224440,29318246,Posted: 17 January,all,Ron Mexico,"Well I'll be damned... This game is still in alpha after nearly 4 years... wish i could get a refund since it didnt work when i first bought it, and it looks like something completly different now"
76561198077025458,Recommended,224440,25937816,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Umberto,I NEED CHINESE PLZ!!!
,Recommended,224440,26007497,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Von Romanov,"This game has so much potential, I only wish there were more options with city-building (or town-building). RIght now I'm able to grow my towns into self-sustaining resource-producing money machines letting me send an endless stream of nameless peasants to their deaths without remorse."
,Recommended,224440,25609042,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,Count Wulfric,"GREAT !!!! After few moments in game You will know its BEST Settlers like, but lot more game in years !Well done !"
76561198052267907,Recommended,224440,29507897,Posted: 26 January,all,viirinsoftworks,"Sure the game needs a little work still (like balance issues between heroes and enemy spiders) but it's a nice combination of RPG and Strategy genres. The game starts out really difficult, but then once you get the hang of it, it's not too hard. Just keep those stonemasons happy!"
76561198011261810,Recommended,224440,28124872,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,hottona66,good game
76561198010121483,Recommended,224440,29187619,Posted: 11 January,all,Quantumenergy,This game is awesome!So far im having a blast playing it.The only thing that would be nice to have is a pause button in combat to use the abilities to most effectiveness :)
76561197993580045,Recommended,224440,31151852,Posted: 15 April,all,Scrubs0,"I couldnt recommend this game more!! The devs are present and communicating, the game makes great strides in development, And of course, the game is brilliant!"
,Recommended,224440,25620482,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Kryl,Will update this weekend with real review.  This game is amazing
76561198079345366,Recommended,224440,12867576,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Owen Snowdon,cool game 10/10  hope this game goes well
76561198042612476,Recommended,224440,15670190,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,DoctorShepard,"Folk Tale has been one early access game that at the moment I can say is really how all early access games should be made. The communication between the developer and the community is fantastic to say the least, probably the best I've seen yet. The game itself goes through regular substantial updates that actually add real content to the game (surprising I know). Even though right now the game has plenty of content to play and enjoy, especially with the recent 3.0 update, every update moves the game forward to being better and better. The game is great now and I honestly cannot wait until it's finished and is an amazing game!*Edit* And to all the reviewers stating that ""this isn't the game they bought 2 years ago"" or that ""I thought it would be a story but they took that all out for nothing"", these developers (unlike many in early access) actually put forward a choice to their community. They set up a survey for everyone to take to get their input on the direction the game should followhttp://blog.gamesfoundry.com/2014/05/folk-tale-player-satisfaction-survey.htmland really listened to those who were playing the game. SO all these people complaining here, this wasn't the devs who suddenly felt the need to take out your favorite part of the game, it was the community saying it wanted more sandbox and village management over story. How can you blame video game developers for wanting to please the people who actually play their video game?"
76561197980405784,Not Recommended,224440,12706494,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,NumpTFlump,"I honestly don't know what i expected, I read a couple of posts and knew i should have turned away but thought i'd give it a chance.Your basic sand box game here with a couple of RPG elements, It's a shame to see they turned away from the campaign as i feel this game needed some kind of objective system to keep me generally interested. The whole build it, expand it, improve it and get bored and destroy it all genre is well over done and didn't really needed another title to the list (Let alone an incomplete one). What happened to the days of RTS games!The community that seem to follow this game are a good bunch and the devs seem to be posting dev blogs now and again so will keep my eyes on this game and hope that it gets finished.Would i recommend this game? No - The sandbox is their go to and i feel there isn't enough currently in game for the price tag. (Yeah it's alpha blah blah blah)"
76561198152437902,Not Recommended,224440,25002141,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,Nero Fil,"Wait till the game is released, it may take forever dou"
76561198083780429,Not Recommended,224440,8061598,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Tenshi,"(UPDATED REVIEW)Still in early access and it's not a Blizzard game? Got this 4 years ago, didn't work then, tried it again years later. Not much improved. Keeping an eye on it. even flowers can grow from turds.Jan 2017 ^^I wanted to like this game, building, strat, survival. Those type of games fill up my library of games.and years ago I was excited.... YEARS AGO. 2 years later,has it improved? Yes, is it worth buying. Not for me. Over 2 years and only 3 hours and even a new computer. Still waste of time. Steam just added a new refund policy and what do you know, the game has been in my collection for too long. Step up to the plate and give those of us who hate your game a refund and take it off the market until its finished.(Review as of May 2015 )(REVIEW WHEN I FIRST GOT IT)I couldn't get past anything worth of value and kept trying, in the end errors, no communication from the company I purchased this from and no refund ( trust me this would be my 1 life refund if it was possible ). It's better to avoid this title until it comes out and you can see it on ""Lets Play"" or Twitch. Then make the call if that money spent on this is worth it or not."
76561197988696222,Not Recommended,224440,9086617,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Airiak,"I bought the early access in June of 2013. This game has changed very little in the last 8 months, and still consists of a tutorial with a buggy save system. I regret the purchase of this ""game"" and I wish Steam offered refunds because I'd be all over it. There is a big difference between ""early access"" and where this ""game"" is at."
,Not Recommended,224440,9576021,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Seahorse,"Had this game for nearly a year and there has been little progress with hardly anything to show for it ingame. Wait another year or two and maybe then it will be worth picking up. When its complete, it has the grounds to be a great game, but till then, this is little more than a demo at best."
,Recommended,224440,15705184,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,TheMRC,"Bought the game some time ago, had fun for almost an hour. But the state of the game wasn't really playable at that time. Just a few things to build and test out. I thought to myself ""maybe they should at least make the fundamental playable before adding content and fix stuff"" but I saw what the developer tried to achieve.So, I'm hoping this game doesn't go the same way most early access games went and ""release"" a mere beta for full price.The reason I give it a thumbs up is because the devs them self said, that's their fault if the game didn't impress. That's more than you hear from most AAA-developers with paid PR-guys."
,Not Recommended,224440,11200082,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,stonemage,THERE IS NO GAME SAVE OR LOAD YET. DO NOT BUY. WHAT IS THE POINT IN PLAYING A GAME LIKE THIS IF YOU CAN'T SAVE.
,Not Recommended,224440,7757487,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Illusive Energy,"This game has an incredible concept. I'd definitly reccomend this game after it has released the sandbox mode, for right now it's just the tutorial missions. This game has beautiful graphics, a sense of humor, and easy to follow gameplay that anyone can enjoy. If you've got the extra cash, buy it now to support the deveoper if you're interested in Folk Tale.-------------------------------------------When I first bought Folk Tale, I had high-hopes for it. But after having it for many months, and seeing no progress at all, I'm changing my review to not-reccomended. The only gamplay is currently the tutorial, and it feels as if the developer is working on everything else but the promised Sandbox mode.Don't spend your money yet, for I'm starting to believe this game is walking in the path of  ""Cube World"""
,Not Recommended,224440,9069096,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Panda Bro SouthernSoldier,"Waste of money, even though it is in developement was still expecting more for the price. No Sandbox preview available only a very rudimentary tutorial."
76561197966064850,Recommended,224440,23723697,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Sojiro,"لعبة جميلة, انصحها لمحبي ألعاب الاستراتيجية القديمة مثل warcraft 3 و culturesفيها عمق كبير لدرجة انه كل جندي تقدر تختار الدروع حقهوالمطورين ينزلون تحديثات شبه اسبوعيه"
76561198003949069,Recommended,224440,30204142,Posted: 26 February,all,Karl Popper,Fun game! Great tech support. Steady progress.
,Not Recommended,224440,9997120,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,HandYman,"Bought it at release, aka a year ago, still no content at all in this game."
76561198036402814,Recommended,224440,24712254,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,LENNON,going to look in to this game again looks like its had updates
76561197997097511,Not Recommended,224440,11002283,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Deadpool,"The game does not explain itself very well.2/5*After the developer asked me to give this a second try (15/6/15)Commanding peasants (I hate that word, why not serfs?) to change jobs loses all progress in current job.Building progress is saved.  As they magically raise up from the ground.....No tool tip delay option.Graphics are comparable to Warcraft 3.Villagers (peasants, pick one name and stick with it) arrive via some unknown magic.No population overview panel.Train hunter, town get's wiped out by bears.Pro - Fully voiced tutorial.Dear Games Foundry,I don't like your game.  Keep my money as I am happy to support devs.Dizzle to the P'sizzle."
76561198103667562,Recommended,224440,31483886,Posted: 1 May,all,Yordle Ranger,"Folk Tale seems to be getting an unnescarily bad rap from a lot of people at the moment, sure its still in development but I've been having  a blast with it just building a fantasy village and murdering the surrounding countryside. It's slightly reminiscent of black and white 2 if that's what youre looking for. Could use a few tweaks here and there but overall thorughly enjoyable.Prosfun world buildinggreat humourcombat is funability to place buildings by tilting them however you want is useful when you start to clog up the settlementConscould do with some more military unitsthe Bag and equipment boxes don't make sense to me so I find it hard to give certain people certain itemsthe blacksmith could do with some workAll in all I'd say 7.8/10"
,Not Recommended,224440,11952359,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,Kiryuu Sonya,"After almost a year, and it still only has the tutorial. A group of snail would develop faster than this."
76561197963475091,Recommended,224440,29413556,Posted: 21 January,all,gh0sT,A really enjoyable game that gets better with each update.
76561198110148412,Not Recommended,224440,18210869,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,gashbash,To be edited or changed.
,Not Recommended,224440,11137184,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,asdfMeats,"All of the ""not recommended"" reviews for this game represent the breadth of why I do not recommend this game."
76561197995672908,Not Recommended,224440,9663944,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Deadmen,this game was a waste of money i like the concept of it but no progress has been made since i have got the game i am excited to see the finshed product please finsh this game looking forward too new updates wait for the release
76561198107283457,Recommended,224440,30092972,Posted: 21 February,all,MinxyJayne,This game is lots of fun and interesting. It woul dbe great to have more places to play and more campaign scenarios.  But event yhen I love it!
76561198032939279,Recommended,224440,30247576,Posted: 28 February,all,Miabug,good game and i like the graphics.....like that the devs update alot....all & all good game for the price.....  :)
,Not Recommended,224440,18447463,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,NiMo,"I bought this game over 2 years ago.I think there is no content, no possibilities, and no developement (still at v0.3 it is very awkward)It is a great idea, but as i think it won't be finished ever.Don't buy it!"
,Not Recommended,224440,15864808,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,SnapZinger,"Was able to get the game to play for more than 5 min and crash. The game was fun, but a bit annoying when you have to equipe your town folks with new gear. Single click each unit and equipe each item. Some of the controls for the game seem a bit annoying as well. The game in whole is just a bit to much; alot thrown right at you in the start.EditSo I have played more than 5 hours now. I am enjoying the game to a point. I like the way the game is going. But I don't think the creators should have released this game this way. They should have worked on it a bit more and figured out how they want this game to play. I have played in the pre alaph and this game has CHANGED so much. It is not the game that I orignaly purchased. The devs are working on our complants and seem to get back to us. I should give this game more chances.""I wanted to personally let you know that we added in building equipment stores a few patches ago to remove the micromanagement described in your review. You can now drag loot into the building stores, and all workers for that building will equip the gear based on sort order (for now).""-Games FoundryI will give it to them they listen. But damn that ""(for now)"" scares me so much....."
76561197991694200,Not Recommended,224440,20081094,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,ザ・ロード,"I really want to love this game, but the ridiculous amount of bugs in this game that makes it unplayable after a few hours. the constant grinding noise from the trebuchet, hero kept getting stuck in one of your building. also allow us to train archer with out having to constantly build barracks."
76561198213352737,Recommended,224440,22774669,"Posted: 3 May, 2016",all,Eadwyn,good game still in beta tho
76561198033159944,Not Recommended,224440,11999865,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,GrudgeBearer,"so this has been out for a looooong time and its still a pile of **** dont buy it, dont buy it on sale, DONT EVEN TAKE IT WHEN ITS FREE!!!!! unfinished as anything, hardly features, limited as can beNONONONONO 10000x NO!!"
76561198000563746,Recommended,224440,30278654,Posted: 2 March,all,bspawn,"Having purchased more than a few Early Access games i can say that Folk Tale is among the best Early Access games, with surprisingly high quality of content, good stability and few bugs.It receives steady updates with improvements to existing features and addition of new features. This has been the case since the very first release which was basically a demo, after which development was essentially started from scratch.Many EA games are said to have ""potential"" - which is usually said in contrast to a myriad of problems that those games have.Although Folk Tale is obviously far from perfect simply because it is not yet finished, this game does not just have potential, it also is of high quality and very much looks like it will deliver."
,Recommended,224440,30041858,Posted: 19 February,all,Chips,"Awsome city builder game, great for an early game thats for sure and I don't see why there is mixed review's. Can't wait to see whats added in the future."
76561198039477123,Not Recommended,224440,20056203,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,Dooby Dooby Doooo,If you buy it wait for a full release......which may be never.  Don't waste your time.  It's no where near being done.
76561197999438997,Not Recommended,224440,18030177,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,Fredericus Rex,Its a great Game no Question... but a Poplimit at 125?Why?
,Recommended,224440,15704188,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Nubsauce,"I'm not going to bash the negative reviewers because a few of them actually made sense and weren't just zero bombing.I for one, actually enjoyed this game. Even though it has been in my in for two years, I still like to come back to it from time to time to see what’s changed. As some of the negatives have said, there hasn’t been any ground breaking patches to where it jumps the game close to release, but hey, the devs are active and not giving up on their game, which is rare considering I've seen a few games go from amazing, to abandoned in less than a year or two.  So in some way, I can agree with the negative reviewers saying there hasn’t been a lot, because hey, I would like to see more too, but we aren't dealing with EA here.Now what I can't agree on is the negatives saying ""I wasted my money on this game"", ""Before you say ""Early Access Game"" save your money it's not worth it."". I'm just going to say it...it's an Early Access Game. A lot of games aren’t worth their prices, for example, Call of Duty being 100bucks for a full game...not worth it, but some may think it is. And for the ""I wasted my money"" people, you ""wasted 25 bucks""...that’s 3 hours of work. Also, it is an Early Access Game meaning you are choosing to pay the price of the game to aid in the development of the game. Honestly, now a days, EAGs and Kickstarters alike are a gamble because you never know if the devs will abandon it or not. So what do you do? Just make a decision, do you want to see this game become complete? Or can you live without it. If you are truly a gamer, you want to see a game you are interested in succeed and you won’t give up on it because it is taking a while. To put it in perspective, World of Warcraft took more than 5 years to develop...and it was developed with an already established gaming company with a huge dev team. So 2 years of a game with probably 1/6th of the staff isn’t bad for where the game is. You just have to look at it from a different angle.All in all, I agree and disagree with the Reviewers but I still will recommend this game, especially since it's on sale atm, because of the dedication on the dev team alone and the fact that I'm a gamer and I want to see games blossom!Do what you want, but remember, you are helping DEVELOPE a game, you are not buying a complete game. It will take time for it to be finished, are you ready for the long haul?"
,Not Recommended,224440,34332487,Posted: 18 August,all,Wess,"I bought this a long time ago. Is it ready to play yet? ""Early Access Game"" <- thats a joke right?"
76561198070948235,Not Recommended,224440,15754634,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Mivaz,it is a good game but. the game will jump out itself
,Not Recommended,224440,14549234,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Nomad,"As of this moment in time if you're skeptical or looking to buy this title, save your money.The $25 price tag is hard to justify with the less than satisfying amount of content and pace at which it is developed and the gameplay itself is hardly satisfying.Also feel I should mention the ridiculous in game stigmas about the outside world are completely innopropriate."
76561197961337847,Not Recommended,224440,15716380,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Drezavelt,Wait until it is a fully finished game. Nice idea and style but if I could undo buying it I would.
76561198054593151,Not Recommended,224440,19782297,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Fjellet,"Its very easy game with not its easiet fetures completed, like order woodworkers to go cut some wood and they aint doin it,     and a lot of basic things arent working like its now its nothing like wc3 and will never be, hard to select peasant , micro management dont exist and this after 3 years of working, you cant see what units you have selected either, this game is for childs not comparable to bansihed either wich was actually hard this is, easiest one of the most boring games i have played ever."
,Recommended,224440,13062788,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,SnowwAxius-Sama,"I was neighbors with the developer, and I got it for free when it was in REALLY REALLY REALLY early beta.. I think the game is very fun, and worth the 25 bucks... It has really flourished over the last year... Good job, developer!!;DI was neighbors with developer! :DDD"
,Recommended,224440,22451513,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,☼ ✥ RubiX Cube ✔ ♦,Having played the game more and getting into crafting I have actually found it quite engaging. I guess getting past the building and falling into finding out about the more extensive elements of the game comes after some time... but it seems quite the charm.
76561197984859340,Recommended,224440,34799623,Posted: 7 September,all,Perry the Platypus,"As optimistic as I would like to be about this game, after following it for years and seeing how the community turned on the developer and he in turn lashed back and disappeared, I think it is safe to say it is ""finished"" for all intents and purposes.If you want a casual hybrid or town builder and top down dungeon diving RPG and don't mind some bugs and UI issues and can find a copy of it anywhere. I think it is still fun to play as it is and don't feel I wasted my money.As for how long it has been in development.. these comments always crack me up. 7d2d one of Steams most successfull EA has been in development since 1890 (it seems) and I hope it is still in alpha 10 years from now. Last thing I want is a dev to throw a ""gold"" sticker on a half♥♥♥♥♥product and walk away (looking at you ""Sir you are being hunted"")."
76561198062225355,Not Recommended,224440,8967922,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Feralhunter,"This game is not worth it right now, if I could do it over I would not bought into this game. I don't have a problem with how slow the updates are coming out, for me I voted on this game when it was in green lit I liked the vision they had and that's the game I wanted to play. So as soon as it was released I got it. My problem with the game is this is not the game I bought, their vision has changed alot since green lit, mostly because the community wanted the game changed to a sand box game. That's not what this game was going to be, they where going to add a sand box game play maybe at the end of devlopment, now that's all the games about this is not what I paid for. Getting community opinions is one thing & making minor changes is ok I am all for that, but changing the game in the ways that they have changed is not fair to the people who bought into the origanal vision of this game. In time this may be a great game if it's the kind of game you want to play, for me I will have to wait and see. I would wait until it is alot more developed before invisting in this game, who know's what other changes are in store for the future.Ok I did what Games Foundry asked me to do in the comments. I gave the game another try. Even putting my previous grips aside about them making it a sandbox game first and taking away the story and choices your where going to have to make, I gave it a go.After spending a couple of hours playing it, I still cant recommend this game. Yes they have added more to the game then just a tutorial. As an RTS you have very little control of the game. You have no lists I cant tell who is doing what and who is doing nothing. I dont even have a way to click and bring all of my gaurds together at one point. In a game like this I need to click on list so I can oversee everything not just click on random buildings to get info for it. The way people move around to do stuff you lose track of who is where and finding them can get faustrating. Just like I want to click on something and bring all none working peasants to a single place so I can look over their stats and decide what to do with them and that cant be done easily if at all.The game world looks nice and the game runs smooth graphics are nice. For me graphics dont mean much I dont care about eyecandy if I have a good playable game that is fun. Right now it is a good looking game with no real game play and clunky controls without any real way to manage your town.Sorry I still cant recommend the game and it has nothing to do with the fact it aint the game a bought when it was released. I tried to give it a fair shake anyway and as it stands it still needs alot of work and the player needs to have alot more control of everything.Third try and updating review,Bought the game 4 years ago now, picked it up the day it hit steams ea even voted for the green light on this on. Tried to play it again today 5/31/17, started a campain mode all default settings to get a feel for the way it plays and to give it yet another try.Epic fail still a joke, I was doing the first campaign got to the point to built a mill, built it and went to build wheat feilds and fire broke out. Got a well just a few feet away thought no big deal, had three or four idol peasants could not tell them to put out fire and nobody did anything about it just watched it and others burn to ground. Cant continue campaign not enough iron to rebuild.Go to forum see others have had this issue for awhile now and what do I read just disable fires sounds easy enough, but how about fix the problem or remove fires from the game if you cant get it working right. 4 years I have had this game and I still cant sit down and play it for a length of time because of the issues."
,Not Recommended,224440,12334969,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,Cerekay,"This game has been released on early access for over EDIT [a year and a half] OVER FOUR YEARS OMFG HOLY CRAP KIDS HAVE GOTTEN GAME DESIGN COLLEGE DEGREES IN THE TIME IT TAKES THESE MORONS TO MAKE A SINGLE GAME STILL IN ALPHA.  THIS IS WHAT HAPPENS WHEN AMATEURS DECIDE TO CALL THEMSELVES PROS WITHOUT THE SKILL AND ABILITY TO BACK IT UP.This game is a giant walking turd.  Everything following this is from my last review many many yers ago, but I am leaving it here for posterity.  You can decide for yourself how much of it still applies to this smoking crapmonster.The tutorial seemed like it had promise and the videos seemed cool.  Until you play it and realize every single scene in the video is in the first hour of gameplay.  Then you get to sandbox mode.  The early access terms say that it is intended for games a few months from completion so devs can get some help to clear that final hurdle.  This is more like a kickstarter where they haven't done much of anything and want you to pay them to work on it anyway.  I saw this game summer of 2013 and figured I'd wait and see how it progresses, and over a year later I decided to give it a shot.  I cringe to think of what was available last year and I cringe even further to think of the damage this does to the early access program.  I would say you shoud buy this game if you want to support early access, but that won't apply for another two years.  Once the devs get this game to be within 6 months of a decent release, then I would support that statement.  For now I would say stay away until at least 2016.  By then it may be in a beta quality state closing on nearly released.  My prediction is that they jumped the gun on their release on steam, will work on it until the initial profits run out, then release a heartfelt statement on why its the communities fault they cant continue development.  Oh yeah, and I only played a few hours before writing this review because thats the amount of time it took to cover all of the content, and the game became nonresponsive and crashed.  So there's that.  On a final note, if this was one guy working between shifts and on weekends I would be much less critical.  For a full development team working full time, on a commitment to build a product they got people to pay for up front, this is unacceptable progress."
76561198133850743,Recommended,224440,31345207,Posted: 24 April,all,mata_nui96,"while i would recomend this game to others i do have a complaint, my crashes after more then an hour booting me back to the desktop when i tried to reload to crashed again, this is my only complaint though, i will say that your tutorial is quite entertaining, and could even be considered the start of the town you play in during the campain. also i have a bit of a nit pick, the spider queens are a bit too quick to spawn, and it could make your life difficult if you need to fight some bandits of wildlife anywhere near a spider nest."
76561198030920912,Not Recommended,224440,24997664,"Posted: 18 August, 2016",all,amoetodi,"I haven't started this game in decades but it sits there everytime I browse through my library. Everytime I cant decide what to play I give this thing a glance, but I dont have the courage to start it. Because I dont wanna know how horrible or boring it is by now. I dont wanna confirm my deepest fears. This game has taught me that Early Access is exactly like South Park describes crowdfounding in the amazing episode ""Go Fund Yourself"".But Im looking forward to playing the full game when my retirement starts."
76561197977260302,Recommended,224440,15682174,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,Wibble the Obscure,"I only bought in to the Early Access recently, i missed some of the earlier complaints so i can only speak of the game as it is right now, not how it was 12 months ago.I have to say Folk Tale is looking good. The game is already playable and in the few months i have had it there have been 3 updates, each bringing more options and flesh to the basic engine. This is happening even as the Devs are adding Editing Options and Systems to ease modding.The game as it stands is already playable to a similar degree as say 'Banished' (build your community and survive) but obviously the intention is to go much further and it is by no means polished enough for release as it is. It will be at least another year in Development i would assume.As an Early Access is it doing what it is supposed to do; with regular updates, input from the community and system evolution.If you understand the core concept behind Early Access then it is a recomended 'buy' - if not, 'wait' but put it on your Wish List."
76561198058644805,Recommended,224440,30204731,Posted: 26 February,all,me_niels,"I have had this game for a while now and tend to dip in and out of it, generally when the large public update is applied.The game is fun to play and has massively improved over the months since I have had it.The developer is really engaged with the community and is really shaping the game well.Yes it has been in early access for a long time, however good progress is being made, this was not helped by a major change in course. Roadmap is updated all the time and both the campaign and the sandbox are really playable now.Throughout the game there is a dry sense of humour and I must say I can't wait to pay it when it is complete."
76561197976945057,Not Recommended,224440,10090749,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,Malice Lonewolf,"Its been in development for quite awhile. These game designers need to stop being lazy and releasing half finished games. Ive learned my lesson and will never again ""support"" an early access game, doing so is just giving them license to not finish their work and still take your money. It was a pity too because this game seemed like it had potential to be good."
76561198005650538,Recommended,224440,24677760,"Posted: 2 August, 2016",all,OoGrimmeloO  Roter PandaBär,"Good game so far with a huge potential,devs update it alot"
76561198055499410,Recommended,224440,15689553,"Posted: 4 May, 2015",all,matcaus,"The best early access game I have played. Fantastic to watch it grow into a good game. The game easy to get into and, although very much not finished, fun to play. The editor is a big plus, allowing you to create new maps and missions/campaigns."
76561198068347948,Not Recommended,224440,9797155,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Brazz,"Good game, but like everyone else said the development is really slow.....but has a really good potential..."
76561198014773226,Recommended,224440,15678915,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,The Prophet,"Folk tale has great potential, art style, and dev team with monthly updates and a clear road map on thier website. I have owned the game for a while and the devs are staight forward and reliable. I have been waiting for a RPG, RTS, sandbox, city builder for a while as there arnt many games of this combination of genres.This is an Early Access Game, I bought this game to support the devs because I am intrested in what they are doing; I however was not expecting a finished game, as is. This game is definitely worth my 225.99 Pesos."
,Not Recommended,224440,11347445,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,florus2901,"Last half year the team behind Folk Tale did do a lot improvements to the game. A half year ago i strongly would not recommend this game. I still don't recommend the game, but that is couse of my dislike of Early Access game, of the 6 Early Access games that i bought 2 where playable, 4 where not and in the end only one had real progress.But back to this game. I think the state of this game is in early Beta now, unlike a half year ago when i was in Alpha (only one heavy scripted scenario). The game it self really has potential and the team behind it realy do there work in informing the community. But the team has still a lot to do, not only for the game but also the usability of the game like the UI is sometimes difficult to see what a building does and the control of villagers is a bit a mess (select villager, select building, order villager to do job, this should be select villager, right click building to do job).I really miss the crafting chains, the crafting chains now are really short.I think the game as it is now is only worth €10 (unlike the €17 sold on steam), when they are close to finishing the game I think the worth of the game can be €20-€25.As the game is now i would give the game a 5. A half year a go it would be a 2. So i hope that i can give them a 6 or 7 next half year."
76561197992841101,Not Recommended,224440,9709029,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Denlara,"Saw this game and thought it looked interesting. After getting it and trying out the tutorial (part of which I had to use the developer suggested work-around to killing groups of enemies because the experience system, leveling system, and item system were in the game but did absolutely nothing) I decided to put the game on the shelf and hope for more game to come. After almost a year of waiting with this game clogging up space on my hard drive, I finally uninstalled it after next to no movement in the development happened. Save your money, take a pass on this one."
,Not Recommended,224440,31350512,Posted: 24 April,all,TwistingWarrior,Looks fun. too bad it doesn't run :(
76561198031672309,Not Recommended,224440,31351449,Posted: 24 April,all,Shway,"This looks cool, but it needs work."
76561198010394026,Recommended,224440,30957035,Posted: 5 April,all,Kerbonk,Super awesome you all should play it.
76561198080073216,Not Recommended,224440,33324577,Posted: 6 July,all,FourSkin,Waste of money
,Not Recommended,224440,15273648,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Holly King,"Nearly two years since I bought into this game, it is still an early access title, and there is still no single player campaign.  Something went terribly wrong with the development of this game, and despite regular updates from the developer, they failed to make a reasonable amount of progress finishing their product."
76561197993288786,Recommended,224440,31513021,Posted: 2 May,all,Invest,Cool game like the settlers
,Not Recommended,224440,15822748,"Posted: 14 May, 2015",all,Hunk Skinhub.com,"It reminds me of warcraft 3 and the guild.I can't recommend it right now. It's kinda a watered down guild 2.... playing it makes me want to play the guild 2. So for that reason, I really can't recommend, BUT... if you want a less complicated guild2 like game, this is for you. Very easy to pick up and play. It does have some more modification features to it and is much less daunting than most other city builders. Feels kinda like a mobile game though. If they could incorporate cross platform gaming, get this on mobile devices, and connect the steam workshop to that it would be great Judging by other reviews dev is nearly dead, and there was some UI issues that kinda made me uninterested from the start. Overall, you'll probably want to avoid this unless you're looking for a real simple city builder with minor rpg and customization elements to it.*So, devs are not dead."
,Not Recommended,224440,32169760,Posted: 4 June,all,Erintronical,"Absolute scam, it has been like 4 years? maybe more and still it's on Early Access and the developers are pretty much dead on their social networks"
76561198067013514,Not Recommended,224440,32384111,Posted: 13 June,all,Say Oh Yeah.....!!!!,Report this game
76561198079908735,Not Recommended,224440,14751800,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,elisabethkauffman,"Folk Tale has the potential to be a great game, but it's been an early release for more than a year, begging the question on when, precisely, Games Foundry intends to finish it.  Despite the monthly patches at this point Folk Tale is boring. There is little challenge to it and the one, limited quest that was included in the game was removed during the last patch. It's pure sandbox now, which wouldn't be a problem if it was at all interesting. It's not. What may be worse, however, is Games Foundry's attitude toward customer satisfaction; any criticism or question about when the game will be complete is met with veiled threats that mixed reviews may hamper game completion (despite earlier claims that early release sales have provided enough funds to finish Folk Tale). One gamer was even chided to ""focus on the positive"" when he questioned when the game will be completed. Doesn't make me want to give them my money. Or recommend anyone else do so."
,Recommended,224440,30276079,Posted: 2 March,all,Stormknight,"Nice little game - I love strategic fantasy games, though I would say this is more tactical than strategic.You control a small number of heroes, to defend your growing town and also to go complete quests, including delving into dungeons and fighting groups of monsters and eventually boss monsters.At the same time, you're improving on your town, managing resources such as food production, training town guards and equipping them. There's a really neat mechanic here, that the hero equipment and the town guard equipment can be moved around, so your heroes can come back from a dungeon with a bunch of loot and use some of it to equip the town guards better. Nice!Currently limited content, as they're still working on it, but there are regular updates and the devs are constantly communicating with the playerbase."
76561198001112897,Not Recommended,224440,34066815,Posted: 6 August,all,iSpank,♥♥♥♥♥iest devs that prob out there
76561198050860040,Not Recommended,224440,22055299,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Vader/ Bip,Really wish i could get my money back.
,Recommended,224440,30320220,Posted: 4 March,all,Joker,I didn't have much time to play this game. But what from the little time i spent with it it looks promising. Reminds me a lot of old strategy games like WC3 and sorts.Updates come out pretty regular on the experimental branch. So if the Developer keeps up with the Updates and the good work i think this game has potential.
76561198070798979,Recommended,224440,34382959,Posted: 20 August,all,DefConHeavy,not quite a full game but close to it still updating and good community
76561198035448316,Not Recommended,224440,8370815,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,bluecontrol479,"I think it will be an epic game but WAY WAY WAY WAY TOO SLOW 6months plus between patches = lamer*update tried it in its current state its better but still seems a long way off i will try it again in 6months*update 10/12/2016 this game is ok many things dont seem to work right and it plays like a warcraft 3 custom map i would not buy this game even now. Heck i got this 3 years ago and it seems like nothing much has been done. I have seen more work done from modders in far less time then the game designers. I would skip this game if i were you. I will try again next year heck maybe then after 4years it might be a real game. On a side note if i could get a refund i would and I will never buy a Early access game like this one again, also i wouldnt buy anything from these guys again. 3years of work and all you have is a weak warcraft 3 custom map"
,Not Recommended,224440,12857588,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,UnderDog,Too little dialog and not enough content.  Been so long with so little development I would ask for a refund if I thought I could get one.  please just wait and see if it comes together before you spend the money unless you want to pay and never play.
,Not Recommended,224440,20817513,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Daisy,"Bought this game because the game says it's similar to Banished and Warcraft 3. It's not. Totally not, and that's very disappointing for me, because I was going in expecting it to be similar to those games. I played this game for a bit, decided it was clunky and not fun, and stopped playing and forgot about it. I tried to get a refund and Steam said no, so I'm stuck with this boring $20 game. Not happy."
,Not Recommended,224440,7978586,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Paw,"Boring game, the tutorial is just mentally long, and you cant save until you complete it, was a chore to play then just gave up..."
76561198045871335,Recommended,224440,15648063,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,The KrimmReaper,"fun  game, but needs to fix the issue where players cannot research in the barracks"
76561197987756531,Not Recommended,224440,10172647,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Kappe9107,"No matter how good you think this game looks, don't get it.Dont support this kind of greedy early access behavior, after a whole year of development nothing has happend, still the same 30 min tutorial.Perhaps after another 2-3 years it will actually be done? no it wont."
,Not Recommended,224440,18930509,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Carnuficor,"It's been two years, and it's still in Beta with no real changes. Stay away."
76561198041540771,Not Recommended,224440,26088570,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Jigfly,"Super sloppy game play. You would think this game was in early alpha. The hero mechanics are so bad that they make this game unplayable. Trying to fight with multiple heroes is a joke. Switching between heroes and spells in the middle of battle is so terrible it ruins the game. This game has so much potential but after three years of tweeks I would expect a much more polished game. The heroes need an autocast feature. It's so frustrating trying to click on a hero click on the spell you want then click on the monster, by the time you get that all done your team is dead."
76561198067918884,Not Recommended,224440,28526378,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Jonah Ressiv,"This game is like all the others. I see nothing new.The only positive is that there is some RPG in it.Its not exciting, its not new, its not worth it."
76561198016576282,Not Recommended,224440,31957047,Posted: 25 May,all,Zera,It will come out .... eventually-2013
,Not Recommended,224440,33677427,Posted: 20 July,all,Vashani,not done yet.
76561198057099559,Not Recommended,224440,17522362,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,Healy,"Bought the game on release 2 years ago, game direction changed AFTER i bought it which made it into this sandbox mess where there seems to be no further progress to actual gameplay since the ""tutorial"" (if you can even call it that) that was release 2 years ago.Game looked very promising originally, severely disappointed that i ever supported this game, put me off ever buying a game that starts off as early access ever again.To sum it up? 2 years later, still less than 2 hours of gameplay."
,Recommended,224440,23023030,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,ExitJudas,"Wonderful early access game. Already a great game in its own right, with a design that shows more promise than most games coming out the last couple of years!"
76561197972697335,Recommended,224440,29338588,Posted: 18 January,all,Arcanix,I have a soft spot for games like this.
,Recommended,224440,29370185,Posted: 19 January,all,Agent 007,"What can I say about this intresting game? For one it is a very fun game. It does need obvious work and more content. Mostly on mob respawns, more areas, more crafting, more weapons, armor, and gear to craft at the blacksmith and tailoring to equip onto the heroes, workers, and villiagers. A woodworker/poleturner crafter is needed too. To make staves, wands, spears, and bows. Id for sure like to see lots more dungeons and each map vastly expanded to make the game a more enjoyable campaign and sandbox adventure. This game has so much potential and so much more it could have in it. Elves and Dwarves seem to be missing. Would be intresting to see more hero choices as well. Like a Warrior Hero that uses 2 handed weapons and one that uses two one-hander weapons. Plus more options and hero abilities would be nice. I look forward to many improvements to this game as it progresses."
76561198003629258,Not Recommended,224440,33963825,Posted: 1 August,all,Pickle Rick,Worst developers ever. 10000000 years and game is still in Early Access. Avoid anything made by Games Foundry.
,Recommended,224440,33696259,Posted: 21 July,all,Loki_Magikill,"Hang in there Developers. I'm rooting for you guys.I didn't touch the game for a few years time now, but I definitely got all the time in the world to wait for the full release.Quite sure if you guys finish it, you can make a new revolution happen."
,Not Recommended,224440,17138308,"Posted: 20 July, 2015",all,MK,unplayabel
76561197963852846,Recommended,224440,30674059,Posted: 22 March,all,Finger,"Well, it is early access so I'll give it a break and give a positive review because it does look real good and has a LOT of potential and I belive it to become a good game if they can afford to finish it. As it sits it is a good game, just not great.Buy on sale and lower expectations some for the fact that it is early access."
,Recommended,224440,15710745,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,JimmyRust,"I have wanted to play a WarCraft 3 game again and now with the heroes added this is brilliant, yeah yeah its taking ages to update and add things but at its current state its brilliant and people should be buying this now! The music the beautiful graphics the funny and cheeky comments the settlers say makes this game a fun as hell! It would be great with dynamic maps but at the moment there is ony 3-4 maps to choose from. Cant wait for more maps and content keep up the great work Games Foundry!!!"
76561198045077596,Not Recommended,224440,19853410,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,MaTTiX,"Please do not buy this game you are literally throwing your money down the drain, I want a refund for purchasing this game and an apology from the team who have created this what could potentially be a good game and left it TOTALLY incomplete. The missions lead nowhere, the buildings are incomplete, and eventually you get to a point, rather quickly I might add, where your peasants are cold drunks and you cannot provide them with enough MEAD or CLOTHES to make them happy and everyone leaves the village. It is complete RUBBISH this game should not even be on sale because it is SO incomplete I wouldnt even call this a demo!!! For $30 that ive spent on this i feel complete buyers remorse, I am going to uninstall this game and never play it again. TO THE DEV TEAM: You guys should be ashamed for this game and STEALING everyones hard earned money.Again if you spend money on this game you are a fool and have wasted money that could be spent on a game that other DEV teams take pride in and actually complete.GG"
76561198249999902,Recommended,224440,29812628,Posted: 9 February,all,Freeze-or-Burn,Fun to play a little slow in the early game
76561198051170377,Not Recommended,224440,12752117,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Tsal Vlaxitov,"Updating my review since this guy did actually decided to develop this game a little. So I'll eat crow and take back what I said about it being abandonware, but that's about all the praise I can offer. Its being called sandbox but what its really mounting up to be is an objectiveless RTS game. Something along the lines of stronghold only you will question why you're playing it 10-15 minutes in. The maps available so far are just too restrictive to call it a city building game as well. Its not a matter of building what you want where you want. Its more like building where you can and should as though it were an age of empires match only there is no real opponent to defeat. There is a map editor but its daunting enough to use that you might as well learn how to use a game engine and make your own game at that point.You can max cap your economy in like 5 minutes where you're making gold faster than you could ever spend it. Yeah that might get tweaked in the future but that won't make the economy feel any more meaningful, not even on a pet rock level as it is in banished. You can level your military units but there isn't much point in it since there is no real progression or challenge. I only found 1 map that spawns invading enemies with any kind of regularity and even then higher level units don't really benefit you. Unit routing is terrible. Camera controls are also intolerably slow and don't work with the minimap.Sure, you can say that things will change or be added in the future. Lets say all of that is true and wonderful changes and additions come. That would still mean this game might be fun to play 6 years from now as I've mentioned previously at the rate its going.P.S. It says I have 20 hours in it but the vast majority of that was leaving the game run sort of as a screen saver since you can leave a game run for 20 days or more and your village will be doing the same exact thing it was when you left."
,Not Recommended,224440,13779965,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,RawCode,"Not yet playable: only 3 premade maps, no procedural generation."
76561198024957809,Not Recommended,224440,10284377,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,[OeL] Celeste,Don't bother...Bought this ages ago...Even the tutorial is still not finished...Bugs everywhere...So disappointed -_-
,Recommended,224440,14270527,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Paddy,.
,Not Recommended,224440,17569890,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,Sand1972,"Its now TWO YEARS later (2017)and the game is STILL in ""Early Access"".This game is vapor ware. The ""developers"" are nothing more than con-artists.Congrats! You are singlehandedly responsible for creating most of the distrust among Steam users for early access games.Did we buy into early access two YEARS ago? Yes. And so of course some bugs and delays are expected. But its now been TWO YEARS and we still have less than an hour of playable content. Quite frankly I wish Steam offered refunds for fraud because I dont think this project will ever be completed."
,Not Recommended,224440,23797516,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,⎝Stevepunk⎠,"I started the game and a supply wagon was requested with no instruction on how to build it.I discovered a mine full of bandits and wiped them out getting a lot of loot in the process but there was no challenge and the combat was quite dull. I got a second hero unit but only one can be selected at a time and the UI only let's you use the abilities of one character at a time which is poor for an RTS game.I equipped all my units with new items from the mine then everyone left the village and took my items with them!I got 3 new guards and 3 new villagers but no sooner had I assigned them all jobs and equipped them all again and made sure they were happy, they all decided to leave again at once!Looks like this game is still not ready for release unfortunately."
76561197984861216,Not Recommended,224440,10369007,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,xRanDoM,well i know that this game is still an early acces game but i wont recoment to buy this because:i own this game several month now in this period they just patched a sandbox mode which is not even near the same as the tutorial offers...  u cant even close the game. Nothing realy works there its just crap (sry to say that).After playing the tuturial which takes maybe 1h there is nothing to do.Wasted 20$...Yesterdays this was called a demo and was for free but paying 20$ dollars for game which did not change or even work as it should  for over several month is pretty sad...
76561198007340158,Not Recommended,224440,15183504,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Vidofnirr,"A boring game that looks quite nice, but the forced jokes are realy irritating. And what to do, its just boring?! and it will never be a full realese, just earning money on the Early Acsess!?!"
,Not Recommended,224440,9758858,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,The Night King,"Dude this game is just horrible, I hate it its just plain bad. Just so stupid, like when i bought it i though it would be like banished but a little different but no, its horribly different u can only build on SELECTABLE spots."
,Recommended,224440,31521068,Posted: 3 May,all,Hoahwi,quite good so far
,Not Recommended,224440,17702016,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,effit,"Still in early access since mid-2013.  This game will likely never be finished.  This developer has little money.  This developer should *not* received further backing.  They've squandered our money, and their time.Avoid Games Foundry.Avoid Simon John Dean."
76561197986262991,Recommended,224440,30639583,Posted: 20 March,all,Storm,"I've owned this game for a LONG time.  It was my first EA game and I've been dying to play it but I've been waiting for launch so I can get the full experience in one go.Lately the game has received a LOT of negative reviews because of how long it's been in EA (though games like Kenshi have been in EA just as long and don't see the negative reviews because of it).  I decided to fire it up today as the game is very far into development and is getting close to release, WOW... WHAT... A... GAME!!!  So far, this game is a perfect 10, I'm having sooooo much fun in it and if I didn't have to go to work tomorrow, I'd probably play it through the night.  Can't wait to pick it up again tomorrow and the best part of it is... I'm still on the tutorial!I seriously don't understand the negative reviews, this game is everything we've ever wanted from an RTS / RPG combo and has definitely been worth the wait.10/10, will buy again... and again... and again... and again..."
,Not Recommended,224440,15713451,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Slothpyle,I've been waiting a long time for this turd to be polished but somehow the turd is being more turded.It was such a fine looking turd.
,Recommended,224440,15707838,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Silent,I will recommed this but I mean its 2015 I bought this 2 years ago and it's still ealry access.
,Recommended,224440,32623128,Posted: 21 June,all,Luke,"This is a great game, and the devs are really making it better! Yes this game is in alpha states for quite a bit of time, but it's not like the devs are not doing anything to it. In fact I see a lot of changes during past 4 years. The game is totaly playabe after the first 2 years, and they are adding new content here and there. I believe the devs want to present their best work to us so they don't want to release it until they think this game is perfect."
76561197997092410,Not Recommended,224440,12846709,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Unholy Eve,"One of the few games I regret buying, it looked and sounded like fun when it first came out on early access but it became stale, boring and replaced with better games to play whilst this sat there with only the tutorial to use for months.Might it be good when it's finished? Who knows it could be but for me I'll never know as I've lost interest.Would I recomend it in it's current early access form? No I wouldn't. Wait for it to be finished (if it gets finished) before buying it, there's better games on Steam then this."
76561198011125141,Not Recommended,224440,15704885,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Jemberry,The UI is a bit hard to get used to and there are no acheivements. It feels very alpha.
76561198037430761,Not Recommended,224440,15705262,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,not the real fat nuts™,This game is trash.
,Not Recommended,224440,19775984,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Sir Bearington,"To charge $25 for this game is completely outrageous.I really, really wanted to give this game a shot, but when compared to other early access titles, this game falls dramatically short of what should be acceptable. After doing some research, it seems that this was an early access title before there were standards on what was considered OK.It's a real shame that it took me just more than 2 hours to discover just what sort of poor shape this game was really in after years in development, given the refund policy. Any fan of early-access games on Steam would do well to steer clear of this one.I was pulled in by reviewers that stated things like, ""The developer really cares, and really listens.""That does seem to be the case, but the results after X years in development speak for themselves. A developer telling me that I have a good idea is not what I wasted my money on. I wasted my money on what I can best describe as an ""Early Access Idea."""
76561198000949711,Not Recommended,224440,10440315,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,tlsteel,"While the potential of this game looks promising, no major changes have taken place for over a year. The creators of the game cry for more money yet have made little progress still as of this date. I also believe that they ""cook the books"" on the publication of surveys, delineating very little unsatisfaction. It is a shame because they started with a promising game but for some unreasonable explainations cannot complete what they start with. My suggestion is that while it looks tempting to buy do not. You might die of old age before some significant development comes to fruition."
,Not Recommended,224440,10950625,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Ex,You'll be lucky if this game ever releases. The developer seems to not be too focused on developing.
,Recommended,224440,19757862,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,The Rumor Weed,I gave this a negative review once but the community threatened to kill me 10/10 best early access game no flaws developer is not even a total toolbag for complaining on negative user reviews
,Recommended,224440,33424420,Posted: 10 July,all,|HD| Caz,"Not Sure why everyone is giving this game a bad wrap. We live in a world where if an RTS isnt turned based with a thousand tiny men on screen at once, its not worth playing. Well i disagree, i like seeing someone going back to the wonderful old style of Age of Empires. I support this game and look forward to see where its future goes.I would Add;*Ability to rename Vilagers (at least in sandbox)*Create a hero (make your own hero, hero type, abilities, etc)"
,Recommended,224440,33052080,Posted: 30 June,all,naval roses,"Great game, read recent reviews before buying."
,Not Recommended,224440,15702369,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,CPLWeeks,"This game has been ""in development"" with little to no progress for well over a year. Do NOT purchase this game."
76561198054881421,Not Recommended,224440,10156661,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,librarus,"It is very hard to recommend a game like this, my wife and I each bought a copy and played the tutorial and enjoyed the play time it offered but we knew it was unfinished before we purchased.  The reason we bought the game is wanted to see this game completed and figured the money would help them complete it and allow them to live while doing so (we even skipped the steam sale and paid full price for it).Now it has been over a year and I don't see this game being played any time soon.  I don't know if the developers read these but this Early Access game has affected my trust in other Early Access games.  I am now skeptical of this process of funding smaller devolpers,  I know they are not all bad and neither are these guys... but once biten."
76561198047463136,Not Recommended,224440,9651234,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,m.wright001,"can't play the game, only tutorial after 3 time it gets borring! don't buy it."
76561197972499865,Recommended,224440,12564482,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Hooch,Good game.
76561197990477070,Recommended,224440,15708856,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,[BRGL]Brock Chancy,this is the longest open beta ever 2 years so far.
76561198076525376,Not Recommended,224440,15423953,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Commander Raymond,"this game has been out for 2 years and there still in .2.16...... dont buy this game, i wasted my money with this one."
76561198048001113,Recommended,224440,33354420,Posted: 7 July,all,Wimbledon,"fun game, it feels a lot like warcraft 3 in the graphics, the factions and the missions.you have to gather multiple type of resources and defend your town, you have a hero (like in WIII) and military units (like in WIII).It's a lot like WIII but different, i totally recommend the game if you liked WIII."
76561198017622321,Not Recommended,224440,17490984,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,im junger,Dont waste your money like me kiddos.
76561198057687731,Not Recommended,224440,15968812,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Bengahehe,"No, do not buy, not worth it"
76561198018693181,Not Recommended,224440,20577166,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,123,needs more work missions stop in middle and then your done
76561197993252048,Not Recommended,224440,15708054,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,KainanDrake,"If I could trade this game for a potato, I would."
76561198044462869,Not Recommended,224440,15726865,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Lucas,
76561198007121032,Not Recommended,224440,12887779,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,yoshimon,One year and a half in early access. Game still in very much in early stages.
76561198045778499,Not Recommended,224440,26692488,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Spirit Panda Girl csgospeed.com,"As an avid player of these types of games I can't recommend it at all.See my hours? That is all this game really had to offer.A poorly designed, non-updated, waste of money.To make it more understandable for you it is like calling Towns a good game."
76561198121608041,Not Recommended,224440,15237257,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,James Davion,I cant play this game because when i started it up up it had a large screen and i cant fix it because i cant see the options menu
76561197962122899,Not Recommended,224440,17871862,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,-]STi[-,"I am very disappointed that this game still hasn't been released. I purchased this back in 2013 and here we are over 2 years later and its really no closer to being released.  I would not recommend this to anyone, and this game is the reason why I no longer purchase Early Access games."
,Not Recommended,224440,30195259,Posted: 26 February,all,Drsen57,"I thought this game was going to be slightly different (like 1st person perhaps), but that is besides the point. I believe that these control are a tad clunky and difficult to manuever with, but you will get better with time (or so I think, since I haven't actually played all that much of the game.)"
76561198005863657,Not Recommended,224440,13671276,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Briggs,Have taken far to long time.
76561198084724100,Not Recommended,224440,13038061,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,jonathanjpmarsh,"Why did i buy into this. An absolute waste of money... this game lacks direction. I bought this game last year hoping there would be some end in sight to this being a complete game. No campaign, just a sandbox option with no real goal at all... really wanted to enjoy this one. Aw well..."
76561198032344126,Not Recommended,224440,12287927,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,KitkatEmm,is it just me.......or does it feel like this game is quickly turning into a Banished clone??? I mean ....initially it started off with a build that only contained a tutorial that involved some dungeon crawling and stuff but now there's a sandbox mode that lets you build your buildings almost ANYWHERE where each building has an area of effect of sorts. Seems a lot like Banished now than it did before....but hey....maybe i'm wrong.......it's been a long time since this game went came out in early access and honestly........nothing's really making me go ZOMG I MUST PLAY THIS even though i paid for it :/the one and only game i've gone early access with......i just hope it gets FINISHED one day.
76561198014843281,Recommended,224440,32838356,Posted: 26 June,all,Zenbaby,"My time has been limited, but my first impressions are this.1. It has a very pleasing feel.2. There seems to be a lot of potential.3. I thoroughly enjoyed what I did play.4. People are stupid and they need to stop writing reviews that took longer to write than the ""less than an hour"" playtime they have on the actual game."
76561198007586601,Not Recommended,224440,28453085,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,KleinerSchwabe,Unfortantly there is no progress.I have this game for almost two years and it is still in an early stage.I wouldn*t recomend to buy it as long as the developers don*t speed up their work.
76561197967788813,Not Recommended,224440,20836730,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Chewtion,"not worth itSo i decided to give this game another chance after all the updates. Again i find myself wondering ""what the hell is the purpose of building troops?"" this game was meh a year ago and I still stand by saying this game isn't worth it. If you're looking to build a town that really doesn't help you, where items do little  of anything this is the game for you."
,Not Recommended,224440,14148772,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,choosyporch,"False promises, bland game"
76561198087923810,Recommended,224440,33313613,Posted: 6 July,all,Tisjö,"Pretty Decent, a bit slow sometimes tho..."
,Not Recommended,224440,14768777,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,UntoldCrisis,"Honestly, how long is this game going to take to release. It's ridiculous!"
76561198011657297,Recommended,224440,30357349,Posted: 6 March,all,Scorpion,This game is FUUN :) with dobble U
76561198056779731,Not Recommended,224440,14215962,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,-LJ-,"Cant believe i got suckered into purchasing this, Half the game doesnt work or wont even load no clear objectives or any kind of sense to the game. Tried the tutorial many times my screen just goes black and wont play / load. The only thing that works is sandbox and that comes with no help. Pathetic buy wish i could get a refund but hey its EA ive got more chance of hell freezing over. Thankyou Steam for allowing this to happen bringing out a totally borken game, And yes i know its in development but nothing is....developing. Check up on it instead of pushing it through on recommendations."
,Not Recommended,224440,10390224,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,rcher21,"This is not a playable game, it's a handful of unusable modules.  I understand that this is a early release, but they haven't even finished creating the game engine yet.  This should not be for sale, it should be a kick starter project."
76561198073662676,Not Recommended,224440,12945349,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,marie,There is no place to save your game and  it doesn't explain things well and the tutorial has cliches.I basically paid 24.99 for a demo
76561198057430621,Not Recommended,224440,14313119,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,SCR0N0,meh wanted a RTS
76561198073381936,Not Recommended,224440,14298644,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Као ни ма,really bad UI. The sandbox mode is almost impossible to play. I have played basically all the city-building games in market trust me this is not a good one.
76561198030769964,Not Recommended,224440,23103438,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,slivanus99,"Please finish this game. I undersand your and indie developer, but really this long?????this is like the Wheel of time by Robert Jordan. your going to die b4 you finish this game. even the youngest of you. I hope that doesnt happyen but your on track"
76561198023663507,Recommended,224440,26491899,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Artecleas,Stronghold combined with RPG game. I really liked it. Hire me i am a developer i will work for no money. keep on working. really cool work
76561198106557638,Not Recommended,224440,16560826,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Have MErcy,i bought this game few hours ago.... played the tutorial for awhile and guess what? the whole game jump out.... WTF is this? i dint paid to have this crap
76561198013680879,Not Recommended,224440,14156533,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,razing32,Not Responding Simulator 201510/10
76561197972293517,Not Recommended,224440,12269791,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,{E}Geist,and its still not done .......................sigh
76561198045412131,Not Recommended,224440,9183836,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,bahamut97,bad game cant even play in full screen
76561197996279865,Not Recommended,224440,12981285,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,dwg1996,"Game is horrible.  I wasted money on this before it was complete.  Waited a year.  Now it appears to be done and they fixed none of the major issues.  Slow, boring, annoying interface.  just trying to train a villager as a certain type of worker takes numerous clicks.  Per the game instructions you select a peasant and then right click on a building to train them.  However, when you click on the building if you aren't in the exact right spot, it deselects the peasant.  You have to then find that peasant or another (they wander off), go back and try again (and most likely click on wrong spot again as there appears to be no indicator where to click).  Just bad all around.  FYI, this is first and only review I've ever left.  It was so bad, it drove me to post."
76561198167818956,Not Recommended,224440,21640326,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,markwilliammcmanus,So.... the tutorial tell you to get food from redberry bushes? eith my game has got a bug or its glitched and its not there or i'm blind!
76561197996299148,Recommended,224440,25383667,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Scanner,Banished meets Torchlight meets....meets......10/10 would fail at a witty review again.
76561198030832582,Recommended,224440,30425692,Posted: 10 March,all,WinteryRob,.
,Not Recommended,224440,24636795,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,alexmlollipop,DO NOT BUY GO BUY BLACK + WHITE 2 AND HAVE A BETTER TIME
76561198030809381,Not Recommended,224440,23123853,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,Jupp,This game will never finish!Never have seen such an ultra slow DEV team...Don't waste your money on this!
,Not Recommended,224440,12825069,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Jerem,"No update  , No content , avoid this game !"
76561198030072742,Not Recommended,224440,15708299,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Sanderson,No.
76561198007225217,Recommended,224440,21776243,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,hobbie13,very good game cannot wait untill it is finished
76561198082714324,Recommended,224440,29631079,Posted: 1 February,all,T.,dont let negative reviews to got u.
76561198007267377,Not Recommended,224440,12800948,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Khalifa1990,SINCE 2013 UNTIL 2017 NOT RELEASED ???Dont waste monye on this game.
76561197970998492,Not Recommended,224440,22647653,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,windfollower,It's just not worth your time. Feels like a game from the '90s.
76561198212386845,Not Recommended,224440,29989503,Posted: 17 February,all,zero,early access this long beens game is dead before release
76561198044203858,Recommended,224440,21774915,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,fuTURE,Fun.
76561198097722271,Not Recommended,224440,27758276,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,charliebrown242,"Unfortunately I cant recommend this game. I know my playtime is low but honestly i did not enjoy the time I spent playing the game (It also crashed twice). Also i have heard its been in early access for just about forever, maybe once (If) its completed pick the game up. The price is also quite high for how much content there actually is in this game."
,Not Recommended,224440,10212432,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,DeirdreSorrowsong,"I wish I could get my money back. Had this ""game"" for over a year and little to no progress on it. I think that an early access game should have a deadline on steam. If the devs dont meet that deadline - ALL the preorders get refunded, even if it means fining the company claiming to be working on it. Just sayin'....this is rediculous.UPDATE: Okay, so a YEAR later and still nothing. This game is a constant reminder to never trust Early Access BS on Steam. >_> Terrible form."
76561198010036492,Not Recommended,224440,10252631,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,HoneySuckle,honestly waste of money i know its cheap but biggest waste of money
76561198054704365,Not Recommended,224440,29490353,Posted: 25 January,all,PetZWa,interesting basic idea but really bad game
76561198007643782,Not Recommended,224440,19773002,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,tks101,So when do they actually plan on finishing this pile of crap??? What a waste and a ponzi game scam!
,Not Recommended,224440,19780638,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,Depsyy,"This game is sandbox building game with no intention of being improved.Avoid this like aids, devs are simply trying to milk people with this survival early access nonsense."
,Not Recommended,224440,20124907,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,The Eating Joke,"Games Foundry  [developer] Posted: 31 Dec, 2015 @ 5:19pmHi,It's true we have been in Early Access for a good while now, longer than I would have liked. It's also true that with hindsight, we launched too early, and that the change to support sandbox cost us a year of redevelopment.But we're still here working hard, and as committed as ever. A few months back increased from monthly patches to almost weekly in the new experimental build:http://steamcommunity.com/app/224440/discussions/0/541906348034355622/I'm sorry you feel development is taking too long. I can empathize. But all I can do is keep the team focused and push on to delivering a great game.Hopefully as development progresses we can win back your support, and in time turn this into a thumbs up review.Have a great new year.SimonProject Lead, Folk Tale"
,Not Recommended,224440,20130002,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Ragna,"Absolute garbage , stay away.This game will still be in early acess in 2020.This game made me stop buying early acess games."
76561198000673492,Not Recommended,224440,16548122,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,!!Science!!,Terrible
76561197975040777,Not Recommended,224440,24043531,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Hugeknife,♥♥♥♥
76561198039110814,Recommended,224440,28952684,Posted: 2 January,all,General Erwin Rommel,cant wait too play this game
,Recommended,224440,23032291,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,RoboJesus,gud
76561198002308919,Not Recommended,224440,19770348,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Gorgeous_Joe,Early access for over two years now.......need i say anymore
,Not Recommended,224440,29643463,Posted: 1 February,all,Casey,Bought this game in 2012 when it as in pre-Alpha. I really can't recommend it since it's still in Early Access. C'mon people. It's 2018 already!
,Not Recommended,224440,17932111,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Valdrik,.
76561198052562548,Not Recommended,224440,19684027,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,s6819,well think i have oned the game 1 1/2 years and well still bugs out every time i try to play a map worst game bye of my life still not got my muney back what a joke of a game! still stuck in alfa prly going to be stuck in alfa till 2216 wen bata is sent just for testing oo sory more bugs should have whated to relice in 2217
,Recommended,224440,15312074,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,ograstamon,"I hopped on board this project as soon as it was available and though I am unimpressed with its progress I place the blame not on the developers but upon the community, the majority of which asked that they give us sandbox tools before an actual game.I've resisted leaving a review but it has come to my attention that bad reviews are jeopardizing the future of the game's development.So I want to plead with those who share my disappointment to find other avenues of expressing it. The forums are a great place to air your beef. Leaving bad reviews in an effort to dissuade others from purchase is only shooting yourself and everyone else in the foot."
76561198039505077,Not Recommended,224440,20128468,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Lord Chaos,"WARNING:Extreme Multicultural Propaganda!Half of the villagers in your European style Medieval village are Africans.Sometimes the Medieval Europeans are even a Minority, and has become Demographically Ethnically Cleansed.Remove this Terrible  Propaganda, Medieval Europe was White 100%"
,Not Recommended,224440,25855231,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Lamlug Death-Blade(s),"[IMPORTANT, READ.]Before i continue on, i have to say that i've been targetted, attacked and Harassed, including disrespected by the Developement team due to my opinions and mine alone. So therefore, i have uninstalled, refunded and sending a complaint to Steam regarding the matter of unfair censorship. I'll just do this since i have a right, like all people, to our entitled views and opinions as long as they don't go against national laws, this, is not and they are in the wrong.[IMPORTANT, READ]So, let's begin.Folk Tale is a game where you build, construct and erect a village of happy people and heroes, where you'll be able to manage the city you make and send your guards and Heroes out to fight for your land.From what i've read from the description of said game, it's been compared to many major franchises, this, i do not believe and is an attempt to grab attention, after all... this is how companies trick you.Gameplay/GraphicsGemplay is very... clunky, a tad off, if not to say, and the graphics are alright for modern-time made game... but Westwood has done it better and i'll have to admit that the Westwood franchise is something they need to draw inspiration from.Issues With my Game:The only issue i encountered was the framerate dying faster than the wrong-people losing confidence on the Jeremy Kyle Show, and i use that term very fixed on. So i had to just refund the game and ship it back off to the company that is so similar to another one that has had a bad concept of money.. Uber Entertainment.So i've uninstalled and refunded, the Developement team are disrespectful, and so i've no reason to be friends with a developement team who only care for money. Uber Entertainment did the same, and they're now a dying company, it'll inevitably happen to this one.Reasons why Westwood is a better game to play than this:-It had a short, but successfull alpha/beta/testing period.-It spans many games of the franchise, from the Western American Frontiers to the Classic Knights and Kings.-It's mechanics are more simple and the graphics are decent for it's creation of when it was made-The developement team never did censor or attack people who had bad opinions, instead truly listened in and took that to their hearts.-They are not Uber Entertainment or the company that made this game. Not in desires, that is.So here is what another following attack on me was:""you have been banned from Folk Tale DiscussionsYou have been banned from Folk Tale Discussions by a Folk Tale developer for your post in ""Thinking of buying this"":I prefer the Westwod games, so i just refunded and put my review up, got attacked minutes after by dev harassment. I took it down and now reposted it, no trouble so far. I'll just keep doing that incase they copy Uber Ent who made that Planetary Annihilation and decide to attack reviews for no reason. As a community we have rights to hold our opinions, not to be attacked unfairly. i said i don't want their help because i've left the game, then i'm instantly on their attack list. If i get banned for this, then it just supports my claim and just how wrong they are in such strict censorship IDENTICAL to Uber Entertainment.Ban Reason:Don't delete dev replies to reviews when they are trying to support you, then try to necro raise old negative threads. Goodbye.Please review the Discussions Rules and Guidelines.This is a permanent ban.""So all-in-all, i have little to say to this game, it does not need, or even worthy of a description that will say to what goods are in it because there are none. Get a Westwood game from Big Fish Games, they're way better.[NOTICE TO ALL WHO WISH TO POST OR COMMENT]I'll be deleting all form of comments to disagree to this, call me hypocrite but i'll simply say this: If you can't take it in, don't give it back.In other words, if the Devs/Community can't take back in with being censored, then they shouldn't censor others then, should they?P.S: This review stands to be my opinion and belief, hating, negative-attacking or in any form of communication to disagree with me is merely the act of a fool's errand, for it's my opinion, my life, and i'll use it as i deem fit."
76561197982316775,Not Recommended,224440,15584521,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,jempet,"game has alot of potential, and has come a long way. i enjoy the progress thats been made, and look forward to continued updates. think its a fun game, and the developers seem to have a good thing going.***I wrote that review in 2015. It's now 2017, and the game is still in development. Rediculous****i can't reccommend this game. Save your money and buy completed games. Early access has burned me too many times."
,Recommended,224440,17768538,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,lexxingt0n,"My earlier August 2015 review was ""Wait for it!""Now, March 2016 I must say much of what was frustrating earlier is enjoyable now. The Devs have put work and effort into this, mixing city building with rogue-like very nicely!Thumbs up :) Looking forward to more :)"
76561198003107633,Recommended,224440,15707178,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Shards,"olk tale is a good City builder with RPG features that allow you to even give armors , weapons and ""stuff"" to your peasants or anyone in your colony but you will need first to do some research in your differents buildings and gather components to craft . Then you will have to manage with spiders expending their territory or goblins who took control of a mine next to your colony and later on when your city will be safe behind a wall you could even go explore and clean a old monastery from skeletons and other undead creatures and much more ...Folk tale still need more work and tweaks but the game is decently updated and improved and already enjoyable if you like Sandbox City builder.http://store.steampowered.com/news/?appids=224440To the modding community , you will find pretty cool tools that allow you not only to create your own maps but also campaigns with quests and cinematics quite simply with the ""workbench"" !http://www.gamesfoundry.com/editors/world-editor/Game developpement been through lots of changes but to me for the best , in the very beginning we had limited predefined ""squares"" where to put buildings versus totaly free city building now also it been kinda frozen for some times when the devs worked on the previously mentioned editor.Since then even if i didn't follow the developpement really closely lots of updates been released , performances been considerably improved, content added and so on, listening to the community feedback.As a reminder it usually take 4/5 years to teams of 100 to 150 devs to do a game and i don't know about Folk Tale Dev team but i doubt they are that much.I just wrote this review because i think devs are serious and really deserve a better review that may bring more players into it , i m enjoying and having fun with the game right as it is and i think more people could like it as well.Bad reviews are mostly from people that just shouldn't get into Early Acces, leaving bad reviews instead of feedback on the forums to help game developpement or having no clues about what they are byuing. You may even find people with psychiatric disorder that seems to have started a war against the devs because they have been ban or desagree with devs choices.Don't get me wrong, Folk Tale is far from perfect but i truly believe the dev team considere it as their ""baby"" and want to make it the best possible, don't expect fully fleshed, balanced, or bug free experience, well you shouldn't anyway as its an EA ... but Folk Tale bring the genre to a new level and that's not an easy task...Finally, please just don't get into EA unless you really know what it means : Being part of something you believe in and that wouldn't even have existed without community support.http://store.steampowered.com/earlyaccessfaq/"
76561198080204105,Not Recommended,224440,11837572,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,A Quiet Ghost,"I purchased this as an Early Access game, against my better judgement, in 2013. At the time, the game had a lot of promise. The developers were vocal and active members of the community, there were blogs and vlogs released frequently and the proposed concepts and ideas seemed almost too good to be true.I'm not sure what happened.Four years later, and the game has all but stagnated. There are new patch notes at least once a month, to be sure, but they often simply echo each other rather than show any sort of progress. I can't even find the last instance of a developer's blog or some word on what they're actually working on.I originally gave this game a positive review. I compared it to DayZ and other failed early access titles and said ""But this one? We don't need to worry about it!"" I was wrong.Now, the developers are threatening that, if they don't receive enough positive reviews, they won't even bother finishing the game. The truth is that it doesn't matter how many positive reviews they get: They never planned to finish it to begin with.Folk Tale is just another example in a long line of examples for the argument that Steam should do away with Early Access in its entirety.Don't buy this game. There might still be titles on Early Access worth supporting, but Folk Tale is not one of them."
,Not Recommended,224440,21807692,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Nachos,Game got boring real quick. Updates are very slow. Latest update introduced license agreement that says we do not own the game anymore. The developer can just delete the game and make people pay all over again. Easy way to get rid of bad reviews.
76561198000986139,Not Recommended,224440,22243616,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Zerech,"About 3 years ago I saw this game and was intrigued, so I bought it. The game really had potential and I really enjoyed the first tutorial. With the fun, comical story, fully voiced cutscenes and everything! I played through the tutorial (which had no save function at that point =P) and eagerly awaited more.Recently remembered this game and thought of giving it a try to see what is has become. And what a surprise that was... What happened? Where is the fun, comical RPG elements that they had used time and effort to include? Voice acting, cutscenes, all that, stripped away for some... Well, whatever it is now anyways...And what is bugging me most of all, which is a game breaker to me... In first alpha, soldiers actually engaged enemies automaticly. Now they attack the first target, and remain idle until they get attacked, even if they are sorrounded by enemies and their friends are being slaughtered... What?Why is this game becoming more like a sad, though colourfull, rippoff of settlers? It had so much interesting when they started 3 years ago... Why did they walk down this path? Now they are just one amongst a gazillion other city building sims. And they are not even a good one at that... So it is a negative from me."
,Recommended,224440,9060388,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Xtatics,"I was pretty excited about this game, a year ago. But there really has not been anything to do since he came to Early Access. Since you can't play any maps you create, it doesn't leave you much to do. Sure you can do the tutorial, but then what? I'd say wait until they have put out the full editor before purchasing.A ton has been added since my first time playing it. Now, you have heroes, and fully working maps and and editor to play with. Even though it's not finished, it's definately a good bit more for you to play around with."
,Recommended,224440,15728233,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Monkeysam,"The game has imporved a great deal since I first got the early access.. there is still much to do, but it now feels like there is a solid playable game happening..The characters and interactions are all really well done.. It's fun to play, and I can see a lot of potential.But please don;t expect a full game here.. there is now a campaign mode, and it's nicely done, but it's is a little rough around the edges atm."
,Recommended,224440,18832349,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Anfalas,"The game itself is easily enjoyable. It has a rich resource system, with multiple layers of complexity required to keep your villagers happy and content.However, that falls apart when you suddenly find that waves of attacking monsters occur frequently, constantly harrassing your play. While highly discouraging for a new player, the repeating attacks are easily dealt with by constructing walls with crossbow towers.Now, if only it was possible to save and quit the game without it crashing.Devs, fix that small thing and I'll change my negative review.EDIT:I've come back to Folk Tale after a long, long while, and guess what? I can happily say that I enjoy playing it! Well done, Devs. You've completely re-written the game and made it into a truly enjoyable experience. Basically the only issues that I have with it now is how difficult it can be to help your villagers survive against the literally unending tides of monsters, and the fact that the toolset is painfully clunky to use (not that I'd bother using it, myself - I'm not one to make content).Thumbs up, Devs. Thumbs up."
,Not Recommended,224440,9866388,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,sarah.cowley,"Updated review - After almost 4 years of waiting (and still waiting) for what looked like a promising city builder/strategy/rpg game it has been morphed into something that is simply not all that fun for me. I had huge hopes for this game, I so wanted it to succeed but it seems to have failed miserably. They have come too far away from what it was originally supposed to be for me to really like this.Good points - The graphics are nice and the enviroment looks pretty. There is some great humour interjected into it and I love the voice acting. World builder is good. You can build your own world and play around with it. There is modding support. Updates are regular. The devs keep you informed.Bad points - Taking way too long to finish. It isn't what was originally advertised. I can't really get anywhere my hero is overpowered way too easily. There isn't enough functionality, sandbox mode gets boring too quickly. It gets stale as there isn't enough to do, I can't see that there will ever be enough to keep you entertained to be honest. The city building side just isn't enough and the rpg element isn't fun. Updates, even though they are regular, don't really fix many bugs or what is fundamentally wrong. The devs can be childish.If you are into this sort of game then I recommend trying it. Who knows you might like it, it may be just the game for you. But for me its not what I was looking for. I try to like it, I really do. But I am really starting to believe that I have paid £14.99 for a game which is no longer much like the game I originally paid for."
76561198002412425,Recommended,224440,9033254,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Hesky,I bought this game in 2014 and development on it has been painfully slow. I left it a poor review back then but I have since had a chance to revisit the game...I have to say I am actually quite enjoying it now.The games graphics are not really its strong point but I think it adds to the charm and its fairly reminiscent of Settlers and even reminds me a little of Fable.The new interface is now easy to use and quite intuitive the game just feels so much better on the whole.I will be playing the game for a while to review it fully but will return to modify this entry as I do.Thumbs up at last!
,Recommended,224440,5223179,"Posted: 1 June, 2013",all,ragingtyrant!,A really really excellent game. If your a fan of the Settlers series you will love this game. Not only is it a city builder but they add rts battle elements into it. Highly recommend. Cant wait for the full version to come out
76561198003377225,Not Recommended,224440,8107572,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,FindingMoney,"The game has certainly improved since its release, however I cannot recommend its purchase as the game still feels incomplete to me"
76561198021784092,Not Recommended,224440,9835148,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,memerick15,I bought this game during Early Access when it first came out and as I can see NO SIGNIFICANT CHANGES. The Game had promise to it but now I feel that Game Foundry has gotten the Money and have left alot of people with a $20 Demo full of bugs/glitches. I would Reccomend not to spend your money on this game. As for the the Sandbox Play That will probably never happen but you just might get a You Tube Video to see what may have been Done.
,Recommended,224440,10478329,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Philip444,"I Have yet to play this game again, however the dev was very kind of the review that was written out of anger. i hope the game has improved"
,Recommended,224440,15803739,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Blind IO,Things have changed a great deal since I first reviewed this game. Any lacking features in the original are long since remedied. The game plays extremely well. Even the tutorial is thorough and humorous. I wouldn't hesitate to recommend this game in it's current state.
76561198224645216,Recommended,224440,20192995,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,LotR Geek,"This is a really great idea for a game, and I really like it. I this game will be even better as it gets updated."
,Recommended,224440,22246330,"Posted: 4 April, 2016",all,Mushuukyou,"I'm going to come back and try this game out after it's updated a bit more.Edit: I've played it after some updates, and it appears to be getting to be a bit more playable. Perhaps I shouldn't have been so critical of it being in the early stages it was at.However, I do feel that when I'm attacked when I'm out with my hero, that it doesn't say my village is being attack when it's not."
76561198070405078,Recommended,224440,21838740,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Darth Rhinox,"Its been a long road but this game has made very strong strides in the right direction.I believe that if the Devs keep going in this direction they will make an amazing game for everyone to enjoy.Keep it up guys, this is what we have been waiting for since the beginning. Love how the game is comming along!"
76561198059718128,Recommended,224440,25810846,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Kadjai,"Buy it, support the devs!  It's only 1/3 done so at this rate only 6 more years of support!  Sign up today!"
,Recommended,224440,25721679,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,J_Malukker,"Nice Game to play even if it`s not finished yet.The Gameplay is similaer to other Games like Settlers and so on.At this stage there are few Bugs in the Game, and some stuff need to been balanced.Also in the higher Grounds the camera is not that good yet.However i have view hours of fun in this Game, and i belive if there stay work hard this can be a Great game."
76561198057013133,Not Recommended,224440,11537798,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Semperfi0817,"Bought this 4 years ago. 4 years later still not finished, Devs still begging for everyone to rate it up, and still promising how great it will be one day. Finish the game or don't finish the game but stop begging for positive reviews so those who have not been a part of this complete trainwreck for 4 years save their hard earned money instead of wasting it. This is a fantasy game and the hope of it ever getting completed is also fantasy."
76561198077983923,Not Recommended,224440,21769795,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Daldingo,"EVERYTHING BLOW THE LINE WAS MY OLD REVIEW.DO NOT BUY THIS GAME.WE HAD HOPE AND WERE BETRAYED, AS FEARED THE DEVS HAVE ABANDONED THE GAME. YAY EARLY ACCESS.----------------------------------------------------------------------------I'm going to try and give a quick review.DISCLAIMER: I'll go ahead and point out that I only have about 10 hours played on this game, and this game is far from complete, but I believe Folk Tale has a chance at being something great.Note that this game's developement has been very long and slow. It's unfortunate, but with small developers taking on big tasks that happens. I've definitely gotten impatient with this game's progress at times, but the one factor that gives me the utmost faith in this game, and its developers, is consistency. They push out a stable build about every month or so, and it bring content and mechanics every time. This game is shaping up, and it is starting to look very good.Right now the story line isn't fleshed out very well, so you've got a little bit of a city builder going. But the thing I find most captivating is that it is some sort of RPG-RTS-City Builder-Simulator hybrid. All of your townsfolk can level up and equip armor and items, making every unit you have unique. Then you have hero units that you recruit as the game goes on. Each one has different abilities (like rogues, healers, warriors, etc). You can give them gear as well. It's just a really cool idea and is improving all the time. There are dungeons to explore, enemies that try to invade, and everything between.The game is also visually appealing to me. It's not cutting edge by any means, but the art has that World of Warcraft kind of charm to me.The price of this game is pretty steep considering how much content is missing. As it stands you can get about 15 or so hours out of the content before you're stuck trying to find things to do other than min-maxing your units and town. But I recommend it if you see it on sell or you're looking for a game like this to get behind.If you're not looking to buy, I at least recommend following the development of this game. When it is done it's going to be very good."
76561198017062813,Not Recommended,224440,24730986,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,johan,"I bought this game 3 years ago, and it really hasn't been developed that much since then. I would have expected a finished game long ago. DO NOT BUY!UPDATE 4th July 2017: It has now been three months since the last update. The game seems to have been abandoned."
76561198032705817,Not Recommended,224440,11012604,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,shadeling,"Updated Review:It really pains me to change my review from a thumbs up to a thumbs down because I had such high hopes for Games Foundry and was especially impressed by how professionally they (Simon in particular) handled the worst of the worst (for years) from the super psycho, anti-crowd  funding/SEA crowd to the narcissistic know-it-alls who seemed to revel in the angst just as much as the psychos did.That said, the one thing I just cannot excuse in any crowdfunding situation is when there's a complete communication blackout.  Something similar happened with Spacebase DF-9 but it's in no way the same because Tim Schafer treated his game as an 'experiment' from the getgo and had no problems pulling the plug when his full-of-fail 'experiment' didn't meet his expectations for $$$ mid development of his unfinished game.  In contrast, what I find to be really sad about Games Foundry is that this is the death of someone's dream, which is quite a bit different from a smarmy a-hole developer like Shaefer who apparently truly believes he ♥♥♥♥♥ out gold no matter what and expects everyone to like it.So yeah, this is just sad, and I just hope Simon is ok because right now, we have no idea what happened to him. All the same, I feel I need to change my review, as much as it kills me to do so because it isn't finished and hasn't been updated in months,  and there's been no word from the developer about why that is."
,Not Recommended,224440,9006211,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Fatwill,"2 years passed, I need to change my review back to down thumb. Slow development(no update since March 2017), I don't believe that developer can finish this game.Below is my old review wrote on 14th Feb., 2015Over one year passed, developer advise me to play Folk Tale again. Now I can say this game is ready for early access and playable. Compare with my laste review, Folk Tale seem to be a totally different game now, UI is more friendly, gameplay is more enjoyable.Below is my old review wrote on 7th Feb., 2014Extremly slow update progress, only a tutorial is playable, this game is far from ready to place as early access. I will not suggest anyone to purchase Folk Tale in such a early development stage."
76561197985589039,Not Recommended,224440,15321969,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,WHOOLEE,"I had so much hope for this, it looked fantastic, i keenly defended these devs.BUT i simply can not do that anymore.Certainly does look like a long term scam nowadays."
,Not Recommended,224440,12196885,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,J-Bot,"Okay, so, initially, back when I got into the Early Access of this game 4 years ago, I initially gave it a negative review. Reason being, it was barely more than a tech demo, and not worth price of entry.3 years later, in 2016, I changed to a positive review. I saw a number of updates and features fleshed out, and felt like maybe a beta wasn't too far in the future. Tangible progress was being made.Now, August 2017, I see that the purchasing on the storefront is removed (was taken down in June), and the developer has not only not updated to stable since March, but is also having internal struggles that might or might not be resolved by the end of the year.This should be a giant red flag to anyone.  I don't generally like saying this, but I strongly recommend staying away. This game should be a textbook case of how NOT to use the Early Access platform. This shows a game relying on most of its development funding from Early Access as well as receiving many concept ideas from the community. While taking ideas from a community is not necessarily a bad thing, it has a slippery slope leading into trying to please everyone, and having the community try to dictate what they want the game to be versus what the game wants to be.As I understand, Early Access is really meant to be a way to showcase a nearly complete (beta) game to bring in additional testers, and present positive marketing. Show case the strong points of the game, and get a quick bit of funding to finish polishing the game and maybe adding a few additional features before preparing it for release. Early Access was not really designed to be a crowd funding platform to support development of a concept that is barely even a game.This game, now that I'm starting to see a potential domino effect, was not ready for the EA platform. Some games do benefit from relying on EA funding very early in development. Subnautica, for example.  Some don't, and end up falling down the slippery slope into feature creep and development Hell, leading to frayed emotions, toxicity, and a split community. Doubly so, since money is involved.I have learned my lesson in buying this early access title. I have learned my lesson in following games barely into Alpha on the Early Access platform.That said, I do hope the development recovers, and the game is eventually completed. My money is already gone, and not refundable unless a class action suit is filed. So yes, I would very much like to see completion and progress. But at this time, and for the foreseeable future, I don't see it happening.Stay away.Old Review and Update Start Here:-------------------------------------------Though ""Review"" is probably the wrong way to go about this, I'll opine on my thoughts from what I've seen so far.Having only played the tutorial area mode. (I need to try the recent updates with the partially complete sandbox/builder)  I honestly do see the potential in the game, and I like the idea of where the devs are going with it. Whether or not it ends up being successful depends on what features make it into the final product, and how well those features actually mesh. Right now, there's not enough to go on to really make a ""yes get it, or no, stay away"" kind of decision. It is very much ""wait and see how it develops"" at this juncture.In it's current state, I cannot recommend it. But, I would say, do keep an eye on it, and see where it goes. If you're looking for a near-complete playable game experience, stay away. But yeah, the final product could very well be worth waiting for. I am glad to have bought the early access to help support the developers.UPDATE: Nov. 28th, 2016Okay, so, I've given the game a fair amount of time to continue development, and recently came back to give the game another shot, and see what is new. I've only looked at sandbox mode so far, but I do like what I see. Keep in mind, the last time I looked at the game was when it was in its infancy as a tech demo that showed a concept.That said, development has been pretty slow, but I don't really care about development time frames as just about anything can happen in the early stages to severely delay a project. Given the pacing, I think you can expect this game to be in development for some time, but I think at this point the devs are making pretty steady progress.So, do I recommend giving the game a try in it's current state? I do, but with the caveat that I feel the price is just a tad high at $20, and it is still very early access. But maybe my opinion is wrong since I haven't looked at the campaign mode yet, and it sounds like they've fleshed out quite a bit of the first part of the campaign.  Though it was totally unlike Folk Tale, I think Starbound was similarly priced when it was in Early Access, and I did not regret jumping on board with that game. Nor do I regret paying to support the devs with this game.So far in Folk Tale's sandbox, there was a little bit of learning curve, but I did jump right in and skip any tutorials. I was able to figure things out as I went without too much problem. So far, the building construction and placement mechanics have been pretty easy to work with. (I haven't built any walls yet, but all in good time) Everything there seemed pretty straightforward to me. Combat with troops and the hero is pretty straightforward. I haven't really had any ""interesting"" situations to really test unit AI yet, but as long as they're not dumb as bricks like some RTS games, I think it will turn out okay.By ""interesting"" situations, I'm thinking of scenarios where enemy units might try to ambush my group of soldiers, or have situations where they try to distract while a second squad tries to flank, or trying to pincer or trap us in a place with little maneuverability. AI is important when it comes to RTS based combat, and having an AI that responds well to various situations is very important. Maybe there will be some of that in the end product, I don't know, and I haven't really kept tabs on the dev discussions along the way. I'm not really expecting a hardcore RTS experience given the flavor of this game, but it would be nice to see some amount of complexity in combat situations, or in raids on your structures, or in dungeons.But yeah, give the game a try, put an hour or so in, and if you can't stand where the progress is right now, refund, and maybe give it another several months to a year."
,Not Recommended,224440,8046425,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Bers,SHAME!
76561198028143272,Not Recommended,224440,23124119,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,cas2013,"I bought this game when it came out a long time ago, at the time I was quite disappointed with the game as it still felt like buying an engin without a car. I decided to pick it up again yesterday after reading the recent reviews. So far, I love it, the game is challenging and paced well, I played for 7 hours straight and did not feel bored even playing the sandbox mode. There is alot of potential here to make a good mix of warcraft 3 and the settlers games, and be vastly superior to both. That said, it is just that, potential. The game is still lacking pieces and feels bare at times but I see alot of promise. Based on what I have seen, the money I spent was well used.April 2017Coming Back again Later now in 2017 and I am still impressed. The game has been polished up nicely and is runing smoother. Alot of the problems I had with it when I wrote My initial review above  are fixed with a little new content added in. Its worth 20$ for an early access game, and that is more than I can say for any other early access game I have played.August 2017Well, I hate to do this but, clearly this game is not going to live. Its been four years and frankly it seems the developer himself has given up on it. Its too bad because there was alot of potential, but Im personally done waiting. The game is dead, or dieing dont waste your time."
,Recommended,224440,17116676,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Akasi,"Paid for this over a year ago and they have made MINIMAL progress! Dont waste your time or money!! - YET! I do think the Devs care about the customer base and do want to make a proper game, its just taking way longer than expected."
,Recommended,224440,30210509,Posted: 26 February,all,Miroslav,I hope this gets finished. I'm sure enough money has been made.
,Not Recommended,224440,29155760,Posted: 9 January,all,dbvel,"Great concept, good building content and interesting party of heroes. It's possible to say that there are only a few other games out there like Folk Lore. However, it turns out that, in campaign, I've just hack n slashed with my heroes until mid game chapters, while completely ignoring my city and, although I found depth in Folk Lore and I had no crashes experiences, I could clearly see the game is in alpha.Edit: once a recommended and promissing rpg-strategy game, now abandonned."
76561198079905726,Not Recommended,224440,17919571,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,wolf_whisper,Anolther abandon EA Game.
,Not Recommended,224440,11097600,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Slurms McKenzie,"i bought this game as soon as i discovered it about 7 months ago, not much has changed but it makes me feel good that the dev team sticks to their guns and responds to the reviews posted on this page. they are taking our suggestions to heart and have probably been working day in and out to bring us a game with everything we want/suggest. give it another 6 months if nothing changes again then sure, start dissing the game. but give these guys a chance, they are working hard, and if you were in their shoes you'd want the respect to finish something you care about and want to bring a solid full bodied experience to you the user, and the buyer of their product.---an edit!----as of last week they FINALLY got a single player campaign running.....2 years to late im afraid-- ANOTHER EDIT--the dev team reached out to me to chat, postivie review pending callanother edit.....not much has changed rrecently and im sad that with this game bought over 5 years ago i still havent even gotten to play a working bit of itANOTHER EDIT!what fun its been watching these guys really make this game fun. good on ya boys!FINAL EDIT : 8/20/17idk wtf happened, a lot changed then nothing, game must be dead, devs must have just given up."
,Not Recommended,224440,25051955,"Posted: 21 August, 2016",all,Dalorath,"After Watching this game for a long time, I decided to buy it. I played for a while, then got tired of the bugs and lack of content, so I put it away and watched the updates, waiting for a time i felt I could come back and enjoy it. This never happened.I posted a negative review about it and was scolded by the developer in my review. He claimed that negative reviews like mine might make him loose heart and stop development. I felt for him, so I changed my review and gave it a thumbs up with the hope to movitate the development further, but now, I have come back to see the game has stoped development anyways. Thus I must change my review again and give this game a negative review again.Its such a shame..."
76561198065832424,Not Recommended,224440,21003088,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,Duncan,2017 is nearly over.We're either going to get a completed product or an excuse.
76561198046459983,Not Recommended,224440,15110972,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,Liringlas,"Edit august 2017 : seems abandonned...Really nice game already, very promising future development, and great dev team that replies to your messages in the forum. This early acces is worth it, and you can already have good time in the current state of the game.City building is very promising, and strategic aspect is what I love, a bit like warcraft 3 with small groups of units, an RPG aspect with equipment on any unit. Incoming heroes, storyline and random quests wil add to this in a few patches."
,Not Recommended,224440,18095583,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,( ͡⊙ ͜ʖ ͡⊙),Edit.Devs can get ♥♥♥♥ed.Refunds plz or continue working on the game.Will be a great game when it is finnished. It is worthh funding.
76561197973096487,Not Recommended,224440,17731265,"Posted: 26 August, 2015",all,Camposanto,"Last Update March 2017!!I Think Dead!!So not Buy!!!Good start, Bad End!!!"
76561197986218175,Not Recommended,224440,13960478,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,[TSR] TactiCol,"EDIT : SEPTEMBER 2017.This game just does not look like it will be completed. I am amending my review and no longer recommend this game.Early Access Review (12/01/2015).I wouldn't usually do any sort of review for a game but, due to the many negative reviews this game has received in it's earliest days, I've decided to write this brief early access review to help balance the books.Do not be put off by the earlier reviews as there is a real gem in development here. It has all the standard Strategy, City Builder, Civ and management type elements in the game with the added RPG factor where your villagers can level up and wear found loot items etc. The RPG side of the game is currently being developed alongside the more conventional elements of the genre and I am quite excited at the prospect of the final product.It has a well developed economy and mechanics system that is still being developed and enhanced. The visuals are very pleasing and conducive to an immersive and relaxing gaming experience. Especially useful when you've had enough of shooting zombies in the face. There is a real cuteness about the game and the characters, the animations and the art style are all very well done.The game is still early access so it's still a little limited in terms of how many hours you will get out of it in it's current state. This will change quite soon judging by the developers roadmap. Once upgradable buildings etc are implemented (which is soon) the play time will be increased further. That said once you've played whats already there you will like me, no doubt be very excited about what is coming. There is a development roadmap and the planned features will make this a well rounded and very polished game. Probably the best in the genre(s).On to the developers themselves. They are very active devs with regular roadmap live streams showing what is being worked on at any given time. They are very active in the community section inside steam and listen to and act on feedback received from it's early access players. They have stated that they have the required funding to finish the game and have a 9 man team in place to do so. This is not some fly by night early access project. These guys are passionate about their game and that shows itself in the game.If you like this style or genre(s) of game then I would recommed keeping a very close eye on this one. It's a game I expect to be playing for a long time to come and is a real credit to the devs.I will update this review as the game evolves and go into greater detail as the game changes. If you are unsure whether or not this is worth a purchase, at least add it to your wishlist to follow the games progress. I believe that any gamer who likes this genre, will see this product for the quality it is and consider it a worthwhile purchase."
76561198101039258,Not Recommended,224440,19938886,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Highlord -TPF-,"It's good but having buttons with the description (not implemented) at the end of the flavour text is just bad practice, why implement a button for a feature that doesn't exist yet?70% done at the time I got it, good game, almost unplyable when your civilisation goes over 25-30+ because of the limited resources and high demands and I wish peasents didnt leave when the going got too tough because it makes it harder to recover and completely kills your game and the worst thing is I spent two hours trying to fix one problem but got absolutely nowhere.My biggest problem is that tutorial, make one mistake and you'll have a hard time finishing it. This is the first game where I couldn't even finish the tutorial because it was that difficult.The campain is absolute ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, the objectives are just distractions from the core civilisation management and doesn't feel very urgent or even fun"
