user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,224500,25349684,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,OmniRusted,"I wanted to love this game. I DID love this game. I have series of it on YouTube, I had a lot of viewers on Twitch. This was an amazing game.The game wanted to be Dwarf Fortress with a graphical interface. A great goal, and it very nearly succeeded.Then it became abandonware. The developer released it, saying the game was completed. It was not. At all. It is buggy as hell, and there is absolutely no way to fix it. Combat is horrible, the Gnomes are brain damaged, and endgame is nonexistant. The modding community adds a little bit of flavor to the game, but it is still buggy abandonware. If you're going to abandon your much loved game, at the very least give the community that loves it the ability to fix it for you, okay?Graphics: 4/10. Cute, but 8-bit and jumpy.Music: 8/10. Probably the best part of this game, and highly addictive to listen to.Gameplay: 4/10. Would have been great if it were not for the constant game-breaking bugs.Replayability: 5/10. If you enjoy re-building the same castle over and over again because of game-breaking bugs anyway.Community: 10/10 (single-player only). Highly supportive and helpful community, since the Developer sure doesn't help at all, or even answer anyone.Developer: 0/10. If you're going to 'officially release' a broken game, at the very least give the community that loves it the chance to fix your broken product."
,Not Recommended,224500,16237452,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,vox_cati,"Gnomoria is a detailed base-building game in which one pits a tribe of gnomes against evils from the depths of their mines and evils from other, invisible, villages.  Gnomes are able to mine a variety of resources, process them, and manufacture everything from furniture to armor.  They have to sleep, eat, and drink, and they can even become powerful zombies after death, returning later to slaughter any former friends that are caught unaware.It's a fun game with plenty of opportunity for strategy and mayhem.But, here's the thing: this game has been in Early Access forever, updates are slow, bug fixes are slow, and the game is using outdated technology (XNA, which was discontinued by Microsoft in early 2013) that doesn't even support some relatively common desktop features like 1440p resolution.A year ago, I would have said Gnomoria is a hugely promising game and worth buying for double the price, but that's about when the developer slowed down.  A lot.  The game I was playing a year ago is very nearly the same game I could play today, were I to click the Play button again.My advice: hit that ""Follow"" button on the store page, and if Gnomoria ever releases, give it another look.  I certainly will."
,Recommended,224500,553534,"Posted: 17 September, 2013",all,Ravalin,"Basicly Dwarf Fortress with graphics and mouse support, which is a good thing. Not as complex as Dwarf Fortress but that be really really really hard to do. Great game and still being made and improved upon. Worth it's cheap price!"
,Recommended,224500,12467811,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,wicked warrior robot,"I FINALLY UNDERSTAND THIS GAME!Took me3tries to understand the whole thing, it should take just one for people that doesnt distracts so easily.it will take you 3 times too, dont lie to yourselfcheck steam guides with more images than textIts awesome, you get a group of mentally challenged gnomes and you have to guide them to victory and keep them away from dangers (those dangers include themselves in most of the cases).You can mine, build, fight, farm,yell at your idle gnomes(this will become your usual activity), laugh at occasional catastrophes involving your own stupid gnomes getting trapped in walls or floor and tradeone alpaca for 500 strawberry seeds with near kingdoms!Theres some weird mechanics thing that havent tried yet but looks awesome some kind of electric stuff with power and traps.And you can customize almosteverything. Dont like that the woodchoppers go around picking dirt from the floor and stocking it elsewhere? Well then just uncheck hauling from their job list. Need someone to go around picking the stuff all your stupid gnomes left on the floor? Create a Janitor job!I stopped playing Dota 2 for 2 whole days for this, my friends hate me and this game nowRecommended 10/10"
76561198021175773,Recommended,224500,9335266,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,psweet,"This game is a legendarily crafted sapphire in the rough melded to a platinum ring.  This is the Dwarf Fortress with graphics you have been waiting for.  While it is not as complex, not as unforgiving, it is far easier to get into and get immersed in thanks to a UI that works well.  This game is so fun that I've ditched most of my other games to play it instead, and after several abyssmal failures I finally have a stable kingdom.The game is still in development, but the developer seems determined to see this through and make it the best game possible.  He typically updates every two weeks, adding things, fixing bugs, balancing values.  He listens and posts on the game's forums, and has implemented a bunch of changes suggested by the community.  The man has earned my faith in him.I cannot overstate how happy I am with this game.  I bought it on sale, but felt so guilty that I got it for cheap that I made my girlfriend buy it as well.  I told her that if she didn't like it, I'd pay her back, and consider it a donation for the development of the game.  Please do yourself a favor and try this if you enjoy management sims, building games, minecraft, or ant farms.  At the price it's sold at, it's a steal if you love it, and small loss if you don't."
76561197999571966,Recommended,224500,12501335,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,(Twitch)Theonetruemouse,"https://youtu.be/qStahRjbnUoThe first hundred hours of gameplay was spent mostly trying to determine if I really loved this game or not.The second hundred hours was spent mostly trying to figure out the most extream form of combat goblins were capable of (my personal favorite was watching them pick up fallen limbs/heads and using them as weapons... although that goblin who brained three of my gnomes after picking up a door was also quite amusing... and somewhat sad).At 600+ hours I still find those 'whoa' moments.  That alone should say something.This game, like many others have said, is a dwarf fortress clone.  But unlike that game you don't need to feel like you are looking at the matrix to be able to play it.  The developer has taken the time to create simple yet fairly good graphics (considering the fact he's basically doing this by himself) that quickly gives you an idea of the state of the world as it exsists.  No two games are really alike due to random happenstance, layout of the world, invasions by annoying goblins and mants, etc.  Difficulty can be changed at the start, so toying with the options will quickly create either amazingly simple worlds you can craft to your hearts content... to war torn worlds where your gnomes will likely be missing body parts in a matter of days.There are some physics in this game, mostly dealing with water.  There are alot of worries in this game, mostly dealing with food and safety.Standard pros and cons:Pros:You get to build a gnome city/village/fortress/slave labor campSaid gnomes are independant but will take ques from youCombat is entertaining to read, especially when limbs start flyingSwords and guns.  Steampunk at it's bestYou can build epic wonderlike structuresYour gnomes can starve if you are overzealous with expansionYou have to actually care about placement of structuresYou can make pet rocksDiplomacy was added recently to add some options to irritate your neighborsIs somewhat modable, mostly just graphically at the time beingConsNot as advanced as dwarf fortressNo sickness/diseases to combatNo magic systemNo cannibalismNo annoying elves to get to chop upNo vehiclesNo animations (once again, one man show here so give him a break)No moral system as of yetBasically if you like the idea of Dwarf Fortress but can't stand looking at ascii all day, gnomoria is definitely the way to go.  It's easy on the eyes, easy to figure out (if nothing else go on the web page and look up a basic tutorial, lots of them exsist and all you really need to know is the standard build order to get you going, the rest is there just for you to learn on your own and die alot.  Alot.)This is the kind of game I wish exsisted back in the 80s-90s when I was in school.  Me and my friends used to imagine building forts/castles with various creatures and defending them from hordes of annoying goblins and the like.  In this case, it's not on paper, it's a living breathing world where you hope that your gnomes armor isn't going to break when that ogre swings at him, seeing as he's your best builder.It's worth your time."
,Recommended,224500,32264351,Posted: 8 June,all,Bob,"This one's a tad difficult to review.Gnomoria's a bit of a mixed bag. While it was released feature complete, it also has some leftover, often gamebreaking bugs. So no matter how stupid this whole !ABANDONED! !FINISHED! argument going on in the reviews might seem, both sides are right ... in a way. Lemme put it this way - the game's ""done"". But it's not dead, look up tacyn's mod in the workshop, it adds a crapton of stuff like new enemies, plants, trees, resources, craftable items and equipment, decorations and workshops. It's easy to install and also lets you pick from multiple options regarding trade overhaul, maps, smelting and technological progress.I'd probably be more annoyed by this whole situation if I didn't get it on a 3$ sale years ago, while it was still in very early access. It looked promising and in the end - I don't feel cheated. Throughout the EA, Robo did iron out the bugs and solved the issues in a pretty swift manner, while also adding some features and options requested by the players. A lot of problems and negativity were created when he released a ""roadmap"", that wasn't really a roadmap. It was just a list of things that MIGHT eventually make it into the game, more akin to a memo or wishlist of sorts, definitely not a set in stone plan for the game. It was pretty quickly removed and if I recall corerctly, never properly explained, so in a convoluted way - misunderstandings are perfectly understandable. Also, Robo's departure from the project was handled extremely poorly, and while I can totally understand WHY he did it, he created a lot of hostility and if he ever comes back from the dead to make another game - it'll come back to bite him in the♥♥♥♥♥ big time.But enough of that, let's talk about the game itself.Gnomoria's a DF inspired sandbox strategy/city builder that has thrown away the epic size and depth in favor of accessibility and graphics (though to be fair, DF's not as deep as some people would claim). The scale's much smaller, the game's more focused and streamlined and the mouse controls are supported by the ability to use rebindable keyboard hotkeys, so it controls just fine.Once you're thrown into the main menu, I recommend checking the audio settings first, where you get to choose between the 2 versions of the soundtrack - the oldschool 8-bit and a typical, ""orchestral"" version.After that you should probably try and start a new game, where you'll get to create a game world first. You can choose the world seed, the general shape of the landscape, change the difficulty settings and select the mods you're going to use. You can also preview a small, central chunk of the area soon-to-be-generated. First of all - deselect the goblin tunnelers and the beetles, that single step solves 90% of the issues you'll have with the game. All the underground mobs have weird spawn rules, which wouldn't be a problem if not for the fact that beetles can multiply, so if you don't know how to handle them (and they're one of the stronger mobs) or are unaware of any nearby caverns, after a few in-game years you'll notice the fps drops and if you won't handle them there and then - eventually the game will feel more like a slideshow and eventually your save will become unplayable. Goblin tunnelers are less obvious, but equally unpleasant to deal with, since the tunnels they create can sometimes (not always) become corrupted and will lead to crashes or broken game tiles. So you deselect those suckers and *BAM!* your game experience is so much better now.So now you've generated your map and finally you're there, on the first day of summer at 7:22 in the morning, looking at a small expedition waiting for your orders. You're given some basic tools and a few days worth of supplies, from here on you're on your own. Not much to say here, it's the meat of the game and it works perfectly fine ... well, almost. You might have some problems with the military gnomes, sometimes they act erratically, either ignoring the training sessions they're supposed to attend, getting stuck next to a wall and eventually dying of thirst or not equipping the gear assigned to them. What worked for me 100% of the time - select the training grounds, clear all the squads from the schedule, save the game, go back to the main menu and reload the save, assing the squads back and all will be fine. It's an annoying 1 minute of ""work"" every X-number of hours, but hey, at least it's fixable. Also, miners and woodcutters make poor soldiers, since they will attempt to use their tools as weapons roughly 50% of the time. This one's a bit harder to work around, but luckily, even when not as good as proper weapons, the tools still benefit from better metals used in crafting (only for combat, copper axe will cut trees at the same speed as the iron one would) and their damage types are good, so it's not as big of a problem as it could've been. People mention multiple different issues, but those already mentioned in the review are all I've ever encountered.I didn't really talk a lot about the basic gameplay itself, but lemme put it this way - if you know DF, you already know what you're getting, and if you don't - think Minecraft with isometric view and lack of direct control, you give orders and stuff gets done.You start small, with bare minimum of resources and couple of gnomes, already assigned to some basic professions. You gather resources from the map to create workshops. Workshops are your crafting centers, you'll need 'em to make tools and equipment, create more filling meals, access advanced resources etc., you can also easily automate the majority of the production as long as you can keep the unrefined resources flowing. The whole world is block based and other than the workshops - there are no prefabricates, you'll have to create stuff from the grounds up, one block at a time. You'll also have to dig down, to get to more valuable ores to forge better weapons and armors. In the meantime you'll be attacked by goblins and some other hostile creatures. Everything you craft and build will directly influence your Kingdom Worth, which will also impact the strength of enemy attacks and the amount of gnomads that'll join your kingdom each season. Speaking of which - there are 4, no tileset changes, but nothing grows during winter. Lack of tutorial doesn't help too much, but the game's quite straightforward anyway, just apply common sense and when in doubt - mouse over the ""?"" buttons present within every workshop and building menu.Other than that, I've only crashed once, and that was back in the early access and was caused by a known and now fixed issue, so ... not bad, not bad at all.Now if you excuse me, I've a kingdom to run. Toodle-oo!"
,Recommended,224500,10419441,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,DocGunSlinger,"It's our second winter.Mel was torn apart by a goblin horde before we could arrive to help, Garth lost an eye and poor Karragan is now a cripple. Mants are raiding our farms and our last Yak had to be butchered for food to make it through the winter. To make matters worse the new gnomad I set to smiths hall has been making ingots for 4 days and has produced only 1. Perhaps I should return Mel to the smith's post... o wait, his face was chewed off and his corpse is starting to bloat...On a good note we have nearly 80 kegs of beer and the Ambassador loved the statue I placed in his guest room, so I guess things are looking up. Nope, spoke to soon, a skeleton just slaughtered all three of my miners.10/10 really fun game."
76561197971929053,Not Recommended,224500,23366139,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,EggVillan,"The games been abandoned, the final release is buggy and the website has been down for weeks. DO NOT BUY THIS!"
76561198031008463,Recommended,224500,18358886,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,alorxico,"UPDATE 11 - 13-2015As a resource-management / society building game, Gnomoria covers all the basics.  Basic tools, basic foods, basic livestock, basic weapons, basic combat.  It does basic very well.  What innovations it has that sets it apart and above some of the other games of its genre is how it presents itself.As a small collective of 6 Gnomes settling the hilly (or flat) wilds of Gnomoria, you are allowed to destroy and build as you please.  The ground can be dug up and used to build homes or sifted to find rare metals to make weapons or gems to make jewelry.  Cotten can be grown in farm plots to make bandages, bags or armour or the fields can be used to grow food.  How your Gnomes live and work is up to you.Initially, you are left to yourself, but eventually you will have to deal with Goblins, skeletons and other beasts bent on your destruction.  Build up your defensives and research new tools, like guns and steam-engines, to protect your Gnomes.Though well-balanced and well-coded, there are some things missing.  For example:1.) If your livestock gets hurt, you cannot heal them and if all your livestock die, you must establish a trade route with a neighboring kingdom to buy new livestock2.)  Livestock is also the only reliable way to get meat and leather, as there is no hunting of wildlife in the game.3.)  The only way your population can grow is through Gnomads, who will only come to your city if material worth of your city is high enough to merit a migration.4.)  Determining what job your new Gnome is best suited to perform requires you to scroll through their entire talent list.5.)  Distant kingdoms only exist as text on a menu screen and visiting diplomats don't do anything but wander around (and in my case, get killed by bears)6.)  Trying to do anything more complicated than ""All units kill this thing"" makes the game look at you funny.But, these are minor considering the price and the over-all feel of the game.  For $8, it is a decent but basic game.  The creator hopes to have the game released as ""complete"" by the end of the year and raise the price to $14.99 and in that case I would ask for, at the barest minimum, the option to bred your Gnomes to increase the population and a way to heal my livestock after a goblin raider has tried to carve its buttocks off.--------------------------------------------------Originl PostFAIR WARNING!!!!As of October 6th, 2015, the creator has removed the game's development plan from the website.  He is only focusing on optimizing the game as it is right now, fixing bugs, and on improving mod-support.  He is NOT going to add any new features or content.  New content MAY be added after the game is released, which he is hoping to do by the end of the year, at which time the price will go up to $14.99, but he has said the best place to find new content is from the community.The game is fun, I will not deny it, it is both challenging and creative, but it is not complete.  It is missing content and the creator seems content letting the community finish his game for him.  Now, maybe he has a job and this is just his hobby or he realized his original plan was just too ambitious for him to do alone; maybe he has a good reason to turn the reigns over to the community.  But as someone who cannot create mods and whose computer automatically deletes them because of some security setting I don't know how to disable, being told I finish the game myself using mods is like being told to write the ending of the book I am reading.Again, this is all the game you are going to get.  So, if you have been wanting it, get it for the reduced price.  As it is, this game is NOT worth $14.99"
,Recommended,224500,33910772,Posted: 30 July,all,EoLynn,"One of my stable first settlement lasted for 37 years. But it's not the achievemet that I recall the most. It's what happened to one of my gnomes. I can't remember her name, for what I am ashamed of, but I will never forget how she behaved after some events that occured on a rainy day.Let me call her Lara, and blame me for forgetting her name if you want, but listen to me before you do because I want to tell you her story. The story of Lara.They were walled-in, with an entry gate filled with a dozen  of different traps. Two squads of long-time trained guards defending the gardens and the doors leading to the inner rooms beneath the mountain. Some miners were still digging deeper and deeper for more precious minerals. Almost all gnomes were veterans in their jobs and high skilled at what they'd had to do. Guards would come by quickly in case of danger; even simple gatherers or ranchers wouldn't mind rushing straight up to the face of an angry mob instead of fleeing. Lara was one of them brave gnomes.Eventually the miners found a breach and opened a passage to a cave filled with curious eggs. It didn't last long for a horde of filthy creatures to spread everywhere through the tunnels, the stairs and the resting rooms up to the surface. The alarm was triggered, the guards fought and killed all the nasty insects as they were trained for. But for the first time a gentle farmer got injured during the battle, badly injured. Lara just had lost a leg.I felt really sorry for her and started to keep a closer eye. I don't know if it's because of her higher skills, as she was one of the eldest gnomes in that village, or just cause of her ""personality"", but she would react very quickly to important things to do: cleaning rooms, crafting stuff, helping farmers with the crops... just very slowly. She couldn't run anymore.In the middle of a buzzing hive of a few dozens of busy gnomes you could instantly recognize her with that funny walk style of her while she carried crates bigger than herself. She didn't seem to complain about doing her chores though. Only it would take her much more time than others. Like minutes to get from a room to another, ""step by step"" in a way.Fact is she seemed to be apart of the community. More and more. When lunch time rang the gnomes gathered in the treasure room to share the meals. But by the time she'd get a pie from the kitchen and slowly reach the lunch table; others would already have finished eating and left the room. So she used to sat there, lonely eating her pie before going back to take care of any arising emergency. As much as she could. Often getting there too late. Poor injured gnome crawling but never letting down.Even if she helped for work like cropping the fields or taking care of the cattle, most of the time she was alone. She just couldn't catch up other gnomes in time, always arriving too late for social activities. Eating an apple-pie in the empty dinner room. Again.One day I didn't see her at first glance where she used to work or carry stuff. I noticed as she was so slow that she would get thirsty really quick, err I mean she wouldn't be able to travel too long distances. This is why she stayed around the crafting rooms, gathering stuff from a machine to another. But that day: ""Where'd she go?""I looked for her for a couple minutes that seemed an eternity. Not in the fields... Not on a crafting machine... No sign of her carrying stuff. So I checked the underground levels : -1, -2, -3... I finally found Lara. She must have been cleaning the barrels in that large storage room and fell asleep on her way back to the surface. She was quite far from where she normally hanged by during the day. I waited a moment. Why wouldn't she get up? I froze as I began to understand.She went so far from her usual workplace that she eventually fell asleep. Fatigued and starving she couldn't get back in time to the kitchen due to her condition.Her body was lying on the floor of a cold dark underground tunnel. She just had died alone.Alone, as always."
,Recommended,224500,12464494,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Desastreger,"Pros:- Dwarf Fortress for humans- Works on real computersCons:- Dwarf Fortress isn't supposed to be for humans.  Lacks the depth of a game that spent more than seven years on alpha (and hasn't gone beta yet)By all means get it.  Updates and improvements are always on the way, great community and losing is as fun."
76561197970475627,Not Recommended,224500,24340290,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Paddy Irishman,It was abandoned before is was finished.. 'Version 1.0' is a lie.
,Not Recommended,224500,23424794,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Lodley,"The Game has been AbandonedGame breaking bugsNo instructionsBad controlsBasic features missing after ""release""I really wanted this game to work, I put a lot of hours into it hoping it would turn out great, now it's been released with none of the major bugs fixed.  Wheelbarrows don't work, gnomes will pass an unused wheelbarrow hundreds of times that I carefully placed between the Item they're picking up and the stockpile they're taking it to.  Goblins can't find the door to my settlement so they bring tunnelers, this would be more of a problem, but they can't seem to find the tunnels they dig either.  When goblins can get in you're screwed, soldiers won't pick up or wear armor even though I told them to retreat to get armor, gnomes like to attack one at a time and fan out instead of all attacking the same target like I selected.  Production will stop waiting for applewood logs, despite specifically telling the workshop to build it with pine boards instead of applewood boards, my sawmills are set to only make pine boards because I don't have apple logs; but the game has decided it wants applewood so I have to delete and re-enter my instructions and hope.  Workshop build queues are a suggestion instead of a rule, it doesn't matter that I have sticks and coal and have torches on the top of the queue, the workshop decided now was the time to make a barrel out of applewood because the last thing in my queue was pint barrels.There are zero instructions within the game.  You have to go to a wiki that's security certificate has been expired for three months.  Then the info there is often out of date.  The guides on the internet by other players are all old from non-relevant versions of the game.You can navigate three menus deep or use a shortcut to the exact thing you want.  If you're in the build menu you can't go to the mining menu, you have to go all the way out and then all the way back in.  You can setup hotkeys for things like ""mine wall"" or ""dig ramp down"", but if you want to ""dig hole"" or ""dig ramp up"" or ""dig stairs down"" you would have to have a separate hotkey for each of those commands.  You can't go to the dig up commands or the dig down commands you have to go through the hole menu again.  There are three dig up commands and three dig down commands, but these are on different menu bars despite there being enough space on one bar.  You can't mine more than one level at a time, if you want to make a mine shaft 10 layers down, you have to manually dig on each layer and hope they line up, otherwise a section of your shaft is now one square off.  You should be able to click and drag on more than one layer.You can't copy professions or their task priority, if I want to make a mason that's exactly like a miner except he does workshop tasks before mining you have to re-make the entire profession from scratch and hope you get it right.  You can make a new profession in the character menu, but then you can't give that new named profession to anyone else, you would have to re-created it in the correct profession menu.The game is out, but we still need immigrant gnomes, no new gnomes can be made in your kingdom you just have to hope you get enough new gnomes to cover from your last goblin attack.  No baby gnomes.  No copy and paste, Gnomes still ignore dirt piles while putting seeds in my stockpiles to just let dirt golems spawn.  The problem isn't just that you don't have any control, but that the game gives you options to imply the illusion on some kind of control.  I know you can't control the Gnomes directly but I said to pick up dirt piles and ignore those seeds!!!"
,Not Recommended,224500,30646298,Posted: 20 March,all,nifboy,"Once upon a time, there was a game called Dwarf Fortress. It was a magical game that spawned infinite stories for those willing to read its tea leaves of finely-detailed content, from the most epic slaughter by rampaging elephants down to the tiniest thoughts and details of its dwarven citizenry.And the masses looked upon Dwarf Fortress and said, wow, these stories are fantastic but are you really going to make me learn hotkey controls to use this mess of a UI? And you can't see a hill except as a series of layers of dirt?And so many, emboldened by the newly-released Steam Greenlight and Steam Early Access, took it upon themselves to remake Dwarf Fortress in their image. Some of these early attempts died on the vine, like Towns and Spacebase DF-9. Gnomoria is the most long-lived of these early re-imaginings, releasing to 1.0 status after three years of early access. Instead of dwarves, it's gnomes, and instead of ASCII and tiles, it's 3D isometric graphics, and instead of a hotkey-driven UI, it's a graphical mouse-driven UI.And Gnomoria, in many ways, delivered on its promise of being ""Dwarf Fortress, but properly 3D."" Players create a colony, dig underground (but not too deep or too greedily), create an economy piece-by-piece, and defend themselves from unruly neighbors.However, time has moved on, but Gnomoria hasn't. Gnomoria's feature list at its 1.0 release in 2016 is still nearly identical to Dwarf Fortress circa 2013, without nearly so much of the flavor that attracts so many to Dwarf Fortress. And more games have come along that evoke the magic of Dwarf Fortress without resorting to mimicry - Rimworld for small-colony storytelling, Factorio for intense production optimization. And even Dwarf Fortress itself continues to evolve and outpace Gnomoria, not only through the development of its core gameplay, but also the development of mods like Stonesense (isometric 3D, like Gnomoria) and Armok Vision (fully 3D visualization).As a game releasing to early access in 2013, Gnomoria made sense. As a game up for purchase in 2017, Gnomoria no longer makes sense except for those interested in the history and design of Dwarf Fortress and the games surrounding it."
,Not Recommended,224500,29573516,Posted: 29 January,all,wroter,"Deleted my positive review. There are well known game-breaking bugs that have been persistent since the game first released, and they have not been addressed. To me, this represents an issue that is probably never going to be fixed. Do not give these people your money until they finish doing their jobs."
,Recommended,224500,1331396,"Posted: 11 August, 2013",all,Mosquito Señorito,"While it's still in early access, the game is suprisingly stable and feature ""full"" (i get that there may be more and more features in future, but the game feels quite complete). Besides that, it is very addiciting. Just digging, managing your gnomes etc etc. Quite easy to get in too. Overall: can recommend/10"
,Recommended,224500,29980025,Posted: 17 February,all,Teh Blueness,"Please make this game open source now so that the community can finish the great thing you started.This game was amazing but needs just a little more work, you've gotten most of the sales, lets have the community make it better :)"
76561197973589694,Not Recommended,224500,18545363,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,MightyFox,"This is your FAIR WARNINGI LOVE(D) this game. It had great promise, a solid plan, and was the fortress builder of my dreams. Now, it goes in the same bin as Towns, another building game that will never be finished.Upon full release,  content promised upon EA purchase, and content the game still sorely needs,  was cut out because the developer simply didn't want to work on it anymore. As a result, new features and support are expected to be added by the community. In short, this game is now MODware, and even the origianl Modders didn't stick around for long because there isn't much about the game that's modable aside from the appearence of items, resource requirements, and growth timers.Let me be perfectly clear about this, as many continue to attack me over the issue. You WILL NOT realize how incomplete the game is until you have played for several hours, at least. Much of the incomplete content and game balancing issues rear thier ugly head only after you have played for around 4-8 game years. Those years generally take around 2+ hrs each depending on how meticulous you are with building and how grand your designs. I cannot be more honest in telling you that the game becomes an absolute bore as a result, even to the point it effects your later playthroughs, because you realize there is just so little to look foward to.People have asked for a list of Pros and Cons so I made one.PROS:- Closest thing to Dwarf Fortress on the market- A solid early game balance that's fresh every time.- Excellent building customizeability that's sadly rare in many DF clones- A solid (if simple) in game economy that requires all of your gnomes working together in order to progress.- A cusomizeable military- A gadget research path that allows the use of advanced player made mechanisms, ranged weapons, simple and complex traps systems, and automoton population replacements.CONS:- Closest thing to Dwarf Fortress, still far from it in terms of depth and gameplay- Late game is incredibaly boring due to balance issues and stale enemies.- Enemies are easy to manipulate. Even on harder difficulties it is easy to control how many and how much they attack you.- Enemies have no ranged attacks, making gnome ranged weapons OP, especially from behind walls or on cliffs- Enemy and gnome AI is very basic. Enemies will never try to avoid trapped entrances or find another way into your fort.-The military customization becomes pointless in late game. Many perks and traits are just not worth taking, or are for a game with considerably more advanced enemies (heres a missing content hint). Eventually evey melee gnome will simply have plate armor. There's just no reason to do otherwise.- Combat gnome training becomes rediculous to the point your soldiers become combat gods. Goblins, mants, and skeletons become limbed in seconds and the only way the enemies remain a threat is if you intentionally overwhelm yourself or your army decides to sleep through the attack.- Farming options are INCREDIBLY limited. You have 3 types of livestock. 2 types of fruit trees. 2 ground fruits, Cotton, Wheat, and underground mushrooms. If you want to build underground, your stuck with just mushrooms.- Music becomes very repetitive for this type of game. You'll eventually mute it and play something else. Unfortuneatly, goblin warnings are tied to the music, so preventing yourself from going crazy gimps you. Not that it matters after a few playthroughs.- Building is virtually limitless but the blocks used to decorate it are incredibally limited. Again, this is more of a veteran issue and some may have no issues with it at all. Also solvable with mods.- The gadget research is also limited. You learn everything there is to know in about 2 to 3 yrs of in game time, with just one researcher.- Heres one many don't know about, but as a deep dweller I'll tell you. The bottom 2/3 of the map is ALWAYS the same. Every playthrough I've had has had the same layout of rock formations at level 50, the place I started building kingdoms after getting bored with how easy the surface is. THIS GAME IS NOT TRULY ROUGELIKETLDR: The game is missing content such as diplomacy, enemies, and building/farming options, that are required to keep one's interest beyond the first two or three playthroughs. Even after release, I just couldn't get back into the game given how dull I knew it would become. Some of the game breaking bugs have been ironed out, but I just can't play it long enough to test all of them, so I'll assume the game is considerably less buggy than it used to be. Again, the developer abandoned his project before release. This is now MODware. Whether its worth the $15 or not is up to you, but I can't in all honesty reccomend a game I know is incomplete."
76561198032399438,Recommended,224500,15313832,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,Goldmoon64,For the limited hours I've played this game.. I think now 2700... love it.. simulate those little gnomes lives all day. Bugs are being worked out and I hope for more updates.. game is still growing!Keep going guys!
,Recommended,224500,12424843,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,Moxer,It's a great game lots of hours of fun.
76561197970537402,Not Recommended,224500,26625946,"Posted: 15 November, 2016",all,Gabriot,"You know, it really sucks this game turned out to be abandonware, because honestly for me it was the most promising dwarf fortress clone out there, with even more potential than really solid games in the genre like Rim World and Stonehearth.  This game was the closest to dwarf fortress out of all them, it was like playing a dwarf fortress-lite with a proper visual representation.Unfortunately the game is just bugged to all hell which makes any playthrough just get to point of weirdness where there's really no point to continue playing.  That's pretty much the story here.  Yet another early access title that took the money and ran.  Tons of potential wasted.I sincerely wish they would ban early access from steam.  It has NOT improved the gaming industry, 95% of all these early access titles are ending up this way.  Meanwhile games like Stardew Valley never go through early access and get released in absolutely stellar shape - AND EVEN GET more content added afterward than any of these early access titles add to their games.Early access is just an enabler for shitiness, plain and simple.  You can probably count on one hadn the actual success stories from a gamer's perspective that early access has brought about.  The main thing EA has done for the gaming industry is ensured an easy road for developers to take instead of pushing them to actually release proper games."
76561198045302046,Not Recommended,224500,28351043,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,delerium76,"It was great while it was being updated, but now that it's abandoned I can't recommend it at all.  Too much is still unfinished and buggy to be called a released and completed game."
76561198153045246,Recommended,224500,13373855,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Beamng.mapper.Bob.Blunderton,"You can literally play for 2000 hours (yes 2000) hours of this game, over a year and a half, and not get bored of it.  It's that good.  You can create limitless amounts of new kingdoms with each new game, set difficulties, peaceful or not, metal/gem/coal resource abundance etc.  There is much more than meets the eye of simple gfx and sound.  After a while you figure out that if you want to build a stone temple, you have to dig a hole down and get stone, turn it into stone blocks (with workshops for each type of thing) and craft the blocks and tell the gnomes where to build.  It's total freedom but with that comes the complexity of running your own little kingdom.  Are you up to the challenge?  It's like simcity or warcraft meets minecraft.  For those that don't like FPS games or need a break from them, this is a great break.  Actually... it is more like a black hole from which you won't want to escape.  It is that fun.  Oh, and development is constant.  No fears as with some in-development games... the dev is at the ready and giving many new features on a consistent basis.  Don't starve, die of thirst, or get killed by bears, or anything that spawns below level -7 (that is where monsters can spawn, at level -8 and below).  Monsters also spawn on the surface but they are usually wild animals only.  Occasionally, depending on difficulty you get goblin raids (not too rough at first, again depends on your settings), but after a while they can get pretty tough.  You will have to grow your own food, or forage from the naturally occuring fruit trees, or clip and plant some more of your own to make sure you always have plenty of spare food.Performance, for most this won't be an issue, though this game is entirely cpu-dependant ghz-wise.  SINGLE COREAny relatively recent CPU will run this game on anything up to including a medium sized map, but for those that want to build on large or huge maps with many gnomes (40-50+) and mine deep, a pentium-anniversary edition OC'ed,  i5k or i7k cpu is recommended.   At 4.2ghz on an AMD FX will run a small or a medium kingdom up to 60 gnomes.  On a 4.6ghz i7 4790k cpu a large and huge sized map will run well with the same amount of gnomes at a better frame rate.  Older cpu's such as Athlon II's will incur stutter a bit when mining deeply (past -50 or -60 deep) when you have.  A newer i5/i7 overclocked past 4.4ghz will pretty much let you build anything without too much framerate lagging associated with mature kingdoms.  Don't let all my talk about performance scare you away, but this game is so awesome, you might just want to upgrade your computer if it's a few years old just to build more :)  A fancy video card won't do you much justice with this game so if you video card isn't too recent don't worry a bit.  Just give this game a shot.  In it's current state, it rarely to almost never crashes, and with autosaves, you wouldn't lose much progress even if it did.  It is feature-complete enough to surpass most other early-access (and some fully released) games.This game, at it's price, is an absolute steal.  The community on steam discussion forums here is very helpful if you have a question to ask or some hurdle you cannot overcome (expect to lose once or twice, or three times even when you first play, this is how you learn!).  For those wanting to build more above ground instead of living in a hole in the ground I personally have made a simple gfx mod that adds windows to some of the game textures, you can look it up in the steam discussion forums under 'mods' for this game.  Visithttp://www.gnomoriawiki.com/for help with various ambiguous parts of the game, and seeyoutube.comfor some (RECENT!) let's play videos.  RECENT being the key.  You want something from spring 2014 or newer since this pre-release game is still-a-changing.  A demo of this game is available.THIS GAME HAS NO BUILT IN TUTORIAL.  EXPECT TO DO SOME READING ON THE WIKI (or on steam discussion forums) FOR HELP.  I have been playing this game for almost 18 months, it's a vortex that sucks you in like no other, and if you need a game that you can just quick walk away from (to tend to the pets, or your kids, or do the wash) then this is the kind of game for you, things will still be (usually) where you left them.New features added just this past month include AUTOMATONS!  Yes!  Gnome-cyborg-robot things that do the work for you!  Prosthetic Limbs can now mend limpy gnomes back into action again.Did the goblins attack your kingdom and now you're angry and want to throw a stone back at them?  Do one better, have one of your gnomes hand-deliver 1000 Goblin-meat Sandwiches to the Goblin kingdom and watch the mayhem ensue!Build a mud temple that Adam Ant would long to live in, a Stone temple or pyramid reminiscent of civilizations of yesteryear.   ... or just a bunch of red brick townhomes that look like a gov't housing project!  It's all up to YOU!Combat is handled in the beginning with sticks, stones, logs, soon onto swords of various materials (yes, material each has different strenth), bronze, iron, and steel being the best options.  Research can be done via Tinkering at a specific workshop to research various new technologies.  Just a few are ranged weapons (bow and arrow, blunderbuss, pistol), prosthetic limbs, traps of various types, power-plant type devices to power mechanical walls, and now automatons.You can (after researching) even build pumps to move water, make water, or move LAVA and make a volcanic eruption!Water+Lava=Obsidian, a very very tough stone.Basically, the skinny on all of this is, no matter what you want to build, if you like a game where the goal is only to survive and the rest is up to you, this is totally it.  You are limited only by your brain, and ability to cope with situations that arise.  A little bit of simcity, a little bit of warcraft (1 and 2), a whole lot of inspiration (admittedly so) from Dwarf Fortress... and new features all the time.After you spend a few dozen hours figuring things out and getting yourself adjusted to this game, to peruse the discussion forums for cool kingdom seeds and figure out how to use the custom-map-generator in the game,  With the right digits and a bit of trial and error you can have a map that's 40-50% water and easily surround your kingdom with a moat... or dig enough small holes on any map and eventually they'll fill with rain water and you can make it that way.  This is what makes Gnomoria so fun...there is just so much to it.  So deceptively simple, yet so deep.  The combinations are endless.  Smart Kings can also make their kingdoms self-sufficient to a point, or just wall in for total safety and stand atop the kingdom walls to watch the wild animals beat each other up.  Either way, give it a shot, it's only a few bucks and what's a few bucks for what may very well be thousands of hours of fun."
76561198002745943,Recommended,224500,16360784,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,NF_Spasp,"By far the game I've played the most the last decade! And it's great!Other than appearance of a gnome without armor, you can customize everything about a gnome, even its name. Want a Miner to tend to the Farm when no stone-working is needed? Sure thing! Want the warriors to do menial Hauling after training for half a day? You bet. Want a guy who does nothing but slouch around all day? That too!Crafting stations can also be assigned to a specific gnome, so no other gnomes will take jobs from him. Great if you want to train a single gnome in a job. Gnomes need water and food though, else they die. Make sure those jobs are a priority.Gnomes can also be given default uniforms, which means any armor and weapon you want. You can design a military formation with ranged and melee gnomes, which has their own custom uniform as well, even the quality grade can be set, keeping the best armors and weapon for your best gnomes.There are Position Perks which give you bonuses to almost whatever you want, and there is synergy between perks. You can set one position to Knock Em Down, which will result in more knockdowns, and another position can have Finish Him, which does more damage to knocked down enemies. Ranged units can be set to aim for the eyes, making it easier for your melee units. Having at least some diversity is important, and that counts for weapons as well! Enemies are stronger and weaker against certain weapon types.Lastly, putting gnomes in a squad will allow much, much greater control over them, and a squad can be given a Perk as well, which becomes more powerful the more gnomes are in the squad.Lastly, a gnome have skills in every weapon and every profession, but they need to be trained. Your starting gnomes start off with good skills in their profession, making the beginning a bit easier, but nomadic gnomes who want to join you have random skills. If you want someone to be really god at a specific thing, you need to train her by setting her to train or work as often as possible. Don't allow your gnomes to idle!Personally I take it slow, and just build stuff. I really like the building aspect of the game. Gnomes just chop down, mine ore or stone, and you can use these to build block walls, effectively allowing you to create your ideal fortress or any other building you want. There is a huge variety of trees, farmables, stone types and ores as well. And everythinghas value of different kinds. A Gold sword will be worse than a Steel sword for instance, but will sell for more. That's right! There are merchants who can visit from time to time!There are so many, many, many more layers to Gnomoria, so I recommend going to the steam community and read some while you play. The controls become very easy after a while, so study them a little to avoid annoyances. There is also a gnomoria wiki online with valuable information. Also, watch some videos on youtube; some of the castles and creations are really good.9/10 would read bloody combat log again!"
,Not Recommended,224500,26367707,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,0͜3̷1̨,"MAKE IT OPENSOURCE IF YOU THREW THIS PROJECT.Repost, please."
76561198081083011,Not Recommended,224500,29917673,Posted: 14 February,all,Cradess,"Great game, but many future features left unfinished. small bugs, poor optimisation, et cetera. All stuff that's 100% fine for a game that's regularly updated, but we have not heard anything from the dev for a year. Lacks polish despite really good management and a fairly good UI. It pains me to not recommend it,"
,Not Recommended,224500,24343066,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Finny,"It seems the developers have abandoned the game. I played a lot during the early access, but got frustrated with the AI and decided to wait until the game was finished. There doesn't seem to be much improvement."
76561197999318868,Not Recommended,224500,26639221,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,p24t,"I loved this game. Unfortunately, the ""release"" version is very terribly buggy, and every new game eventually becomes unplayable. I've tried over and over, but I just can no longer play it due to the issues it has - the game literally grinds to a halt and usually crashes, saving and reloading makes no difference."
76561197995171991,Not Recommended,224500,24178478,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Minus,"This game's AI is some of the worst I've ever seen. Constantly building walls closest to them, and then blocking themselves in with that wall until they starve to death. Carrying 63/64 blocks of stone in a wheelbarrow and would rather walk past the stockpile to get 1 apple the other side of the map to fill it up first. THEN he decides ""I'm tired"" drops his stuff all over the floor and then comes back... WHILST HE WAS ON HIS WAY BACK ANYWAY. My gnomes then go out to clean up his mess, and no-one uses his wheelbarrow. They pick it up one at a time...BLEEDING GNOMES who are dying would rather bandage a sprained ankle than stop the bleeding. 3 bandages used and my gnome sill died...Digging, a major part in this game, is something you have to manage constantly! You can't leave the gnomes to do it themselves because they can't do it right. Telling them to dig a square out of the ground, they end up going for the closest line, which cuts off access to the rest. Or worse, they trap themselves in the middle, stuck on a single block.Bandages are insanely important in this game where gnomes hurt themselves daily just trying to eat and drink or sleep. Don't even bother having one try to fight a wild animals for food, because you'll lose 4 gnomes trying. Except, you HAVE to kill wild animals to get bones, which you need to make needles, to make bandages...This game is like babysitting 9 children that live in a knife factory. It's not fun. Basic tasks are like trials. Everything has to be micro managed. In a game where you have no control over your gnomes, it needs you to control them, constantly. This game needs to either have it's play style overhauled totally, or they need to hire a programmer who's not lazy to fix the AI.I wanted this to be the Dwarf Fortress with a decent UI that it claimed to be. It failed horribly. The UI is staggeringly basic and makes me think back to the days of Windows 98. Menus and submenus in awkward places with unhelpful icons. The one thing this game is meant to be better at than Dwarf Fortress, and it's awful. Seriously, for a game I PAID for, I was expecting more. DF is 100 times better. Gnomoria is nothing more than a cashgrab aabusing the pupularity of DF.If you want a decent DF style game with graphics, I suggest RimWorld. It went for a scifi theme probably to avoid copy-pasting from DF, but keeps that gameplay. Focused more on a small colony and survival, it's different, but is fun for the same reasons. It's still in Alpha, but has a thriving mod community and hard working programmers.----Another playthrough later:5 months ago this game left early access, implying it was finished. This game as it is, is how they think it should be. I'd be more understanding if it was still a beta.I gave the game another go today and found a gnome sitting at the bakery, I guess trying to pick up some bread? Only they couldnt, their wheelbarrow was full, so they just got stuck. Until finally getting too tired and dropping all 30 items on the floor. Which disables a workshop...I've also noticed in combat that no-one has any health. The only way to kill an enemy is to make it bleed out. Even after injuring every single limb on an enemy, my gnomes will keep whacking away at it pointlessly. Sometimes even bleeding to death themselves before the enemy does. This lack of HP is why I just had my 15 dwarves killed by 4 beetles. Goblins are easy, but beetles which give no loot are as unkillable as any wild animal. The combat is simply broken.I just still can't get over the fact this is called a finished game. I played it again just now because I thought I was being too harsh. And I'll probably do the same thing a month or two from now. Only to keep proving I wasn't being harsh enough."
,Not Recommended,224500,24598733,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Drac_30,"Extremely dissapointed. Hadnt plaid this game for a long time because I was waiting for improved AI and UI... Was very excited to notice that it had left early acess, figuring that they must have fixed some of the problems. They didnt, as several others have noted v 1.0 is a lie solely intended to drive sales. Nothing is better, the developer simply wanted to call it finished. I wanted so much to love this game, and i have over 180 hours of play time. Its just not done and never will be."
76561197995380276,Not Recommended,224500,25368841,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Maledictio,"Game breaking bugs (try deconstructing a steam engine -http://forums.gnomoria.com/index.php?topic=8590.0)Bugzilla site no longer exists.Game author (seems like a single person) no longer ""around"". ie, it's now in ""take the money and run"" phase.Get ""Dwarf Fortress"", it's better, is supported (and has been for the past 14 years). Seehttps://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Dwarf_Fortressandhttp://www.bay12games.com/dwarves/This game is a bad clone of DF. None of the depth, just graphically better (barely).Save your bucks for an author that deserves it, or give a donation to Bay 12 Games for DF.(And as Malkevin kindly reminded me to mention - Dwarf Fortress"" is free. But do consider giving the DF developer a small donation if you enjoy his game)"
,Not Recommended,224500,28336667,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,Fringe Point,"Abandoned DevelopementLast Posted UpdateFebruary 23, 2016Forumhttp://forums.gnomoria.com/index.php?board=1.0Last Update Topichttp://forums.gnomoria.com/index.php?topic=8475.0I have rss feed to the forum site that i check every so often (weekly/monthly) and if I see ""update"" activity I will change this review to reflect thatIf the links are bad the site is probably toast (wayback has a copy if your just looking for info)"
76561198009173373,Recommended,224500,12823655,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Hundred-Man Guts,"If you like dwarf fortress, and always said to yourself ""gee, this sure is fun, but I'd rather suffer a tantrum spiral than deal with this interface,"" buy this. Also, if you have a weird fascination with decorating things EXACTLY how you like and ""no I want the chairs blue and wooden and the table stone and red in my room shaped like a cactus,"" buy this game. Unfortunately, it's just not as deep or ambitious as dwarf fortress, so there is potential for dissapointment there.If only we could get the developer of gnomoria and the developer of dwarf fortress trapped in an elavator, or force them to work together at gunpoint, they could make the perfect DF-thingy."
,Not Recommended,224500,32557622,Posted: 18 June,all,Benson,"If you are interested in this game I'll give you two options. Buy Rimworld. Totally worth the money. However if you are against the sci-fi theme of Rimworld and want something more akin to Gnomoria, go straight to the source. Get Dwarf Fortress. Do it, it's free!I spent about five years on and off trying to get into Dwarf Fortress. Finally, I found PeridexisErrant’s Dwarf Fortress Tutorial(https://df-walkthrough.readthedocs.io/en/latest/)and it helped get me past all the issues I had. It has a place to download the tutorial game files so you're starting in the same world and all as the tutorial and you will bypass the world generation and embark screens so there is no confusion. Also it uses the Lazy Noob Pack which includes tilesets as default which give the game enough graphics to be more friendly to newcomers.I spent a lot of time looking for games like Dwarf Fortress because of the difficulty of getting into it. Rimworld is the only game I've played other than Dwarf Fortress that has that emergent gameplay I crave, stories that pop up in your colony, the emotional connections.TLDR; Avoid this game. If you are interested in a similar game get Rimworld. Or take the plung and follow PeridexisErrant’s Dwarf Fortress Tutorial. With the improvements in the game over the past few years, once you get familiar enough with the interface and menu layouts and odd behavior it really opens up and is totally worth it."
,Not Recommended,224500,28810035,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,Cranem,"Promising in alpha-beta, sadly ""abandoned"" by the Devs after release with lacking content, bugs and a horrendous and non-intuitive UI. Isn't really worth the full price, pick it up on a sale if you got the money to spare and maybe have some hours of fun.If you like hardcore RPG micromanagement and world building games with a touch of old (REALLY OLD) graphics and menus/interfaces, you'll like this one if you manage to crawl through the bugs. Needs a lot of time to learn to play properly, so I'd recommend using a guide.Not my cup of tea, but maybe yours."
76561198030738170,Not Recommended,224500,23425470,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Mrs Brisby,"Extremely buggy. Worse than it's ever been.Gnomes regularly fail to path right and starve to death. Gnomes regularly fail to path right and get stuck doing nothing. Pathing in general is atrocious. Gnome AI for stocking items is horrible, they will travel 200 tiles distance to grab a single item, take it 200 tiles to stock it, and repeat, when theres dozens of wheelburrows, buckets, and sacks laying around.The game is playable... up until you get some bug seriously ♥♥♥♥ing you over. And it can ♥♥♥♥ you over massively. Akin to wasting real life days worth of played time. The only way to manage avoiding this is manually going into the save files to make backups because the game wont let you do it from the menu's.There are a ton of other flaws, but I can't really complain about those. Their cosmetic. I could accept the cosmetic / UI issues if the base game itself would at least ♥♥♥♥ing play right, but alas, it doesn't.TL;DR A potentially great game ruined by cripplingly damaging bugs.RIP Gnomoria."
76561198004665953,Not Recommended,224500,29410558,Posted: 21 January,all,bonesbro,Abandonware.  Buy Rimworld instead.
,Not Recommended,224500,28105386,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Mephiston,"A great and promising game, sadly abandoned by devs. That's a down."
,Recommended,224500,12690654,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,Astyrrean,"Fun indie game. If you love the concept of Dwarf Fortress but find that game too complex and the ascii graphics too off-putting, give this game a try."
76561198041880512,Not Recommended,224500,23644085,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,Esoteric Wombat,Apparently abandoned. Turns out learning Dwarf Fortress is far more worthwhile.
,Not Recommended,224500,25462018,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,SynfulPagan,"Had promise, then was abandoned. Pick it up if its on sale, otherwise look up Rimworld or Stonehearth."
76561198133957018,Not Recommended,224500,29771935,Posted: 7 February,all,Sarge,"I am a fan of Dwarf Fortress so I purchased this game for $10 a few years back when I first heard about it. And although initially I enjoyed playing Gnomoria it got boring quickly during my second playthrough. There just isn't enough content to keep me interested in playing anymore after 18 hours(a chunk of which being spent AFK), which I felt was disappointing. Even with the excellent mods people are producing for this game, the developer abandoned the project leaving it lacking and unfinished."
76561198064488597,Not Recommended,224500,29363533,Posted: 19 January,all,Psyckosama,"Abandoneware. The Devs hit release, then cut and run.It's basically a playable alpha."
76561197993007479,Not Recommended,224500,25211938,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,Kanij,Developer abandoned game by releasing it out of early access basically unfinished so he can wipe his hands of it.
76561197996209581,Not Recommended,224500,27906980,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,OwenStarkiller,"This was part of the grand quest to make an accesible Dwarf Fortress.  It failed.  It was buggy.  And it the developer steadily got cagey about working on the game they took money to work on.Don't buy this.  Get Rim World or Dwarf Fortress or hell, Prison Architect."
76561198041020327,Not Recommended,224500,25567029,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,Jaduggar,"I have been playing this game off and on for the past two years, and have been loving it, but I'm going to have to delete my positive review and replace it with a negative one.I dont know what *exactly* happened, but this game has become unplayable. It worked fine back when it was in Early Access but, with every patch, a few more crashes were introduced and never resolved, and now, well after the game has been finished, I can scarecely finish the first in-game month without it developing some fatal error that prevents me from continuing, and ruins my save file.Basically, the game will run just fine for at least fifteen minutes, but never more than a couple of hours, before it crashes on me, and when I try to load my save file, it will proceed to crash again a few minutes afterwards *EVERY* time. There is no getting past it... once that first crash happens, too bad, that game is over.The forums and customer support pages are riddled with various fixes and solutions so numerous that trying to go through them all one by one to figure out which one is causing the problem *this* time would be like browsing IMDB completely at random in the hopes of running into that one actor that you kind of remember from when you were a kid, but can never remember his name. It is a joke that this game runs more poorly now than it did when it was still in developement, and since the developers are no longer supporting it, you can safely bet that this is just going to be the state of things from now on.What a shame... this game used to rock, but now it's just a frustrating mess. How can I recommend it, based on how good it *used* to be, when all it does anymore is make me mad?"
76561197979780951,Recommended,224500,17629387,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,AjaxtheMad,"First review ever here - Gnomoria is just a game that has inspired me to add my two cents for the first time.Gnomoria is an excellent game.  I'm made several tries at Dwarf Fortress (DF) in the past, and each time I'm just bounced off.  Though Gnomoria lacks some of the intricacy DF is always credited with, its user interface is really quite friendly once you've spent a little time with it, and it puts solid tools at your fingertips for competent Gnoministration.If you enjoy more personalized, hands-on management games, particularly those with a fantasy setting, I can't Gnomoria strongly enough.  Also, in terms of return on your purchase investment, there are few games out there that can rival its bang-for-the-buck.I'd also like to tack on a shout-out to the music track for this game - it's extremely pleasant to the ears, and I find it very soothing for those late night Gnoministration sessions."
,Not Recommended,224500,28528573,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,[old] birdskull,"Promising, buggy and abandoned. Do not buy."
76561198067300109,Not Recommended,224500,32455914,Posted: 15 June,all,Tannacity,"I loved this game when it was first released and played all through Early Access.  It would be a fantastic game if the devs had ever completed it.Unfortunately, it's abandoned now and feels half finished."
76561197987781365,Recommended,224500,22819281,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,The ASP,"Normally I don't do reviews but I felt that w/ all the negative reviews since release I should do so. I have 528.5 hours in this game, so I can safely say that I've been through a few releases up to version 1.0. I can't speak for the bugs folks mention, as I have never run into any that were game-breaking myself, but I can say for the folks complaining about lack of tutorial is that it's difficult to write a tutorial for a sandbox game that leaves the details completely up to you. I can recommend you watch youtube videos, there are some excellent let's plays that will teach you the basics. You're also able to turn off enemies if you want to go through the learning steps a few times.Some cons though: Now let's be fair, this doesn't have the complexity of Dwarf Fortress, I don't know if that's possible for any game right just because of what I know about DF. But it doesn't say that it's trying to be a DF clone so that's OK. One other thing is I hope the developer continues to develop the game and add new features, such as more workshops, more armors, more weapons, more traps, etc...right now the game has JUST enough material to justify $15, but I can only say that because I've played it. If I did not play it maybe I could not be convinced to pay that amount, I don't know.All in all I DO recommend this game, if for nothing else but a step towards Dwarf Fortress."
,Recommended,224500,4056242,"Posted: 19 June, 2013",all,ｓｕｎ ｂｏｙ,"You start with couple of gnomes that do different tasks — some of them are wooductters and miners, while others are builders, farmers and ranchers. You gather resources and start digging, making your own underground base. As I'm huge fan of Terraria, I bought Gnomoria on Steam Sale. And you know what? I don't regret it! It can be unfinished, it may need to be polished, but I like it! Without in-game tutorial it was quite hard to understand how things work and yet I enjoyed thinking what I can do and how. Now, I am able to defend myself from randomly spawning enemies, make huge caves and nice looking houses. If you're looking for something similar to Terraria but with managing people — get Gnomoria ASAP. You won't be disappointed!"
76561198121066809,Recommended,224500,14548993,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,horsebrackets,"Excellent game. Outside of DF itself, this is the closest anyones come to capturing the essence of Dwarf Fortress.I've had a great time getting my little gnomies to build grandiose structures for my amusement. Its like commanding your own ant colony. Even when you dont have any mega-projects going, its still fun to watch them run around in their daily chores.It also runs very smooth and stable for an Early Access game. The ""meat & potatoes"" of the game itself is all there, & it all works, the game doesnt crash all that much, in fact im not sure if its -ever- crashed on me. The devs are still tossing in new things from time to time and seem very dedicated to their vision for the game. But theres already enough there to have loads of fun with.Highly recommended."
76561197967219027,Not Recommended,224500,32777307,Posted: 25 June,all,sandybeach,"Bought the game as it was greenlit and the developer was positive and keeping the game going i knew it was a beta.Quite annoyed the developer just upped it to a v1 and saying the game is finished when it was just a beta, lots of bugs and items not fixed.Not a finished game and would not be buying another green lit game again period."
76561198010060335,Not Recommended,224500,29677187,Posted: 3 February,all,random noob,Got it for $7 years ago It could have been worth it but as others have said many gamebreaking bugs still exist and have for a long time and are most likely never going to be fixed. Don't click on what I assume is a tunnel made by the goblins it will crash your game.... You'd think it wouldnt be that hard to make a couple of lines of code that either displays a box that says goblin tunnel or something instead of crashing your game. Also I don't know if it was ever fixed and dont feel like playing for 20 more hours to see if it happens again but as of .97 there was still a bug where your world would randomly flood the entire map all the way up to the tallest mountain and never go down ending your game. DO NOT PAY $15 FOR THIS.... maybe 5 or less if your ok with a bad UI poorly designed AI and a buggy crashy game.
76561198006618426,Not Recommended,224500,19263748,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Sariour,Even though it seems to be a bit simplified game based on dwarf fortress i bumped into massive issues with AI and everyone going idle and ignoring jobs. This has destroyed any intrest i had in this piece of software. Im going back to DF and i recommend the same to anyone that wants complex machanics and non garbage AI.
,Not Recommended,224500,30220663,Posted: 27 February,all,Einer Von Denen,"I had lots of fun playing the game back in early access and I accepted many of its flaws knowing it was early access and the developer would fix them. For personal reasons the developement of Gnomoria stopped however and it just got released as is. I wouldn't consider it finished or polished and it get's boring rather quickly. It isn't a terrible game and I respect all the work that was put into this but it is lacking.If you are interested in the concept, check out Rimworld or if you are feeling like it, try Dwarf Fortress. Gnomoria was heavily influenced by it."
,Not Recommended,224500,24842963,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Kurayami Ankoku,"This game was fun and exciting for a while, until I grew frustrated with the countless amount of bugs. As a colorful and user friendly clone of Dwarf Fortress, this was very promising. However, I would like to stress out that I would never be playing this game again. Incidentally, my plan was to wait until the game gets updated with the latest bug fixes from the one and only dev before playing it back. That will never happen anymore because the dev disappeared into the aether.Yes, the dev literallydisappeared. No updates whatsoever after the last hotfixes for v1.0 was done. Last time I noticed activity from him, it was when he deleted his reddit account this June (or July, I forgot). That was the time I lost hope for the game.Yet still, this game gave me loads of fun, for the time being. So this is what I think of the game:Likes:A simpler, less complex isometric clone of Dwarf Fortress.User friendly UIAmusing combat logFantastic pixel graphicsDislikes:Buggy AI pathing, especially in buildingSeasons look the same (4 seasons mod no longer works)Lack of updatesCountless other bugs that I won't enumerate hereThis game is far from finished. Don't be fooled by the version. That was the dev's technique of Houdini-ing his way off the stage without getting that much negative impact. It was a clever ploy to not break his promise of not leaving the game until it's release. The modding feature does not help with the bugs either.Conclusion is that I don't recommend buying it. If you want to see what the game is like, you're better off watching some YouTube videos. This game belongs to the same pile as Towns and Spacebase DF-9. I have learned my lesson of not trusting devs who make building crafting management games until they absolutely finish the game. I'm glad I bought this game on sale."
,Not Recommended,224500,26428786,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,CoreyInDaHouse,"It's too bad, I really do enjoy this game, but the bugs are just frustrating enough for me to have to recommend against it."
,Recommended,224500,7738177,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,NIL0S,"A more ""graphic"" version of Dwarf Fortress. As in, it *has* graphics."
,Not Recommended,224500,29727749,Posted: 5 February,all,SirThompson,"After a sale a long while back dev stopped doing anything,claimed completion and not a word since....sad had alot of potential and was good"
76561198052263507,Recommended,224500,12855363,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,nighteyes,"It took me a while to get into it, but i've become slightly addicted. I enjoy the ability to set my Gnomes to whichever tasks i wish, their skills increase over time and they work pretty well. The game is addictive and fun, relatively easy to learn, although there is no 'tutorial' to speak of, you soon pick up on what it is you need to do. Weather system makes it realistic and you can adjust the level of the 'enemies' when you're first learning to play. Would i recomend the game? Yes, yes i would.The game is still in it's 'early access' stage and it is improving. I look forward to seeing the final product :)"
76561197984185834,Not Recommended,224500,34435872,Posted: 23 August,all,Irimi,"Looked quite promising but ended up as shallow DF clone. Get Rimworld if you want more fun than depth with proper interface, get DF with LNB if you care for depth and can stand steep learning curve as an investment for FUN. Agree with other comrades on this subject. DF still rules in the end )"
,Recommended,224500,8816445,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Fizgig,Gnomoria is an interesting game with a dedicated developer. Starting out with a small crew of gnomes and a few necessary sundries your goal is to survive and grow into a thriving community. In a sandbox environment you can build to survive and grow however you want.I feel it has a fairly steep learning curve however not as challenging as many other sandbox style games that are available and the settings allow for a simpler or more challenging playthrough.One of the best features in my oppinion is the seed sharing feature. If you find a map you like or that a friend likes you can keep or share the seed and play that map again and again.Gnomoria is already a good game and is growing better with every update.
76561198006985948,Not Recommended,224500,20615839,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Steadtler,So the developper's solution for the unfinished state of the game was to implement mod support and let others finish their game for free (they wont). I'll always remember gnomoria as the game that convinced me that early access is a terrible idea.
,Not Recommended,224500,28853282,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,ExLax,"I really enjoy playing this game, and still pick it up a few times per year and enjoy it for a short time.  Haven't played much else in this genre, so I don't know what to compare it to.Typically, I'll forget how heartwrenching the remaining bugs are and give it a go... get 20-30 hours into a new world and things just start devolving to buggy madness.  :(-Gameplay-I call it macromanagement, as you can't give any direct orders to the gnomes.  Instead, you configure the gnomes to do certain tasks, then make sure the necessary workshops and resources are also configured.-Bugs-""Retreat to equip uniform"" is THE most frustrating of incomplete features.  Always happens... a key gnome rushes into battle with a wheelbarrow instead of retreating to grab a crossbow and gets murderized by an ogre.  This isn't a ""quirky bug"", it's sheer frustration.  Absolutely nothing you can do about it.  That gnome that spent 10 years perfecting his crossbow skill and is a wicked shot?   He's going to kamikaze against a two-headed ogre weilding a pine bucket full of hooch cuz... reasons.Cascading stockpiles... doesn't really work, sadly.Beetles.  Maybe not buggy, but definitely bad mechanics.Mant SFX will get stuck on a certain location, and continue to chitter away, years after you slew it.  One of several reasons I mostly play without sound.Floating helmets?  I dunno why.  They dance merrily about my kingdom.Performance... Not great.  Single-threaded and will crush any PC once there are too many objects.  The better the PC, the more it can handle, but I've seen redditors set up big battles when they know they can let Gnomoria run 3-4 hours uninterrupted.-Overall-I LOVE THIS GAME.  I wish some of those bugs got fixed.  :("
,Not Recommended,224500,21846207,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,Alskari,"Overall if it's on sale for <$5 and you'd like to ease into Dwarf Fortress I'd say consider it a paid tutorial for the free game.  Gnomoria's gameplay is pretty straight forward, but there's not really any endgame, or enough variety to maintain much replayability.Back in 2013 I had high hopes for this game, and put a fair amount of time into it, although a lot of that was seeing how long self sustaining kingdoms would take to die to FPS.  Unfortunately the creator followed the typical EA method of stalling out development after the first year, entering into a long phase of minor updates, and then releasing a partially developed game.  If you can brave the UI of Dwarf Fortress with a starter pack, then that offers a much better game for free."
76561198048280754,Not Recommended,224500,23050505,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Conc,"Gnomoria.It is hard to review this game. I love this game and have played many hours in it. It is in my top five games of all time. But that is where the good parts of this review end.This game is a backstabber. It is like one of those people you meet in high school or college. They seem to have everything together, and you can't bear to be away from them. Any flaw you can see is outshone by their shear awesomeness.The trouble comes after knowing these people for a while. The quirks and the minor flaws start to dominate their persona. They can't get out of the frat boy phase. They never seem to have found themselves on that soulsearching trip they were taking.Gnomoria is the same way. It promised a fun game and sure it was fun. But when you build up in those first few years you ignore the bugs where the gnomes stop to pick up something on a tile where there is nothing. You ignore when the gnomes don't seem to understand that they can't pile an entire mountain of stone on a single tile without spawning golems. You ignore when items become glued to the ground and it seems you have found the sack that arthur will have to come pull out and become your king. You ignore this until every minute you have to go and change a profession or else a gnome will die of thirst trying to pick up that sack.I used to play this game almost every week, but I just can't stand it any more. Boo I say. Booooooo! your true love lives! yet you marry another. :*("
76561197981525208,Not Recommended,224500,31889624,Posted: 21 May,all,Deus,Broken and abandoned by the devs
76561198000406394,Not Recommended,224500,29774377,Posted: 7 February,all,Mr. PJ Waffles,"Had potential, but it was abandoned after ""release""."
,Recommended,224500,21411183,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Navato,"There is no way to recommend this game enough. This game has taken so much of my time over the years, and now that it's out, it's more feature rich, more stable and more amazing than ever."
76561198011520451,Not Recommended,224500,25456023,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Ovrad,"Having played Dwarf Fortress a long time ago, I was interested in this title, as it clearly wear it's influence on it's sleeve. This game is literally trying to recreated DF but with actual graphics and UI (and vaguely replaces dwarves by gnomes, but that really easy to miss). Sounds great on paper! ...however, it fails in execution and content.- While it's trying to emulate DF, it keeps very little of the charm of the original, and only covers about 2% of it's content. The only feature that seems to be unique to Gnomoria is the tinkering mechanic, which I haven't been able to really use as it takes literally hours to produce anything.- The isometric view, while prettier than looking into DF's matrix, makes it pretty damn hard to see and target constructions correctly. Half the time, you realize you just ordered to build a floating staircase. A lot of the UI could also be improved, it's serviceable but not very good.- The game might be promising if it was still being updated, but the developer disappeared about 2 years ago. Currently, it's bare-bones, and there's a serious lack of diversity in the content.- Balance also seems pretty poor. It could just be bad luck, but a single goblin naked wielding a door (that he broke down), killed 2 of my fully armored and armed soldiers that had been training for 1 year straight.- Bugs, lots of them. ""Oh what's this odd thing on the ground? I never built this"" No clue as the game crashes everytime I click on it...I know the learning curve of Dwarf Fortress is basically a cliff, that has been oiled up... and is on fire, during an earthquake... BUT trust me, it's way more worth it than this poor imitation, and it's also free (with optional donations). The DF wiki has lots of info for beginners (meanwhile the official Gnomoria wiki has it's domain expired...).If nothing else, encourage devs that care about their games instead of devs that runs away with the sale money without saying a word."
76561198042194056,Not Recommended,224500,25180412,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,acpacpacp,"Game is not completed, dev jumpped ship.dont buy 100 hours and i cant get myself to play again even though i want too so badly"
76561198142272263,Not Recommended,224500,31895847,Posted: 21 May,all,murdockscott,"Beware!At this point I have started 4-5 games and all of them have become corrupt and failed to load or load with part of the world glitched so it is not visible. I am sad to say that I don't feel the game is playable for me, which is sad because it really seemed fun. I have 59 hours in the game and have lost all my work one too many times to ever waste any more. I see from user reports that this seems to be mostly a problem with Mac and Linux. I also see that it does not look like its getting fixed."
76561198008022448,Not Recommended,224500,25759730,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,myartar,"This game used to work and was pretty cool.Then the dev kept trying add more stuff, broke it, called the game finished, and vanished.Avoid."
76561197989594474,Not Recommended,224500,22267933,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,Carton,This is very playable but it wasn't ready to leave early access.  As an EA title I could recommend it  but it doesn't cut it as a full release. The game just isn't finished.
,Not Recommended,224500,28267892,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Ares,"Gnomoria first drew me as a sandbox management game with a more intuitive user interface than other titles such as Dwarf Fortress, but after all the time in alpha/beta and now after launch it still seems ... lacking. The visual quality of the game is underwhelming, there are few to no animations, I couldn't stand the music for more than five minutes before turning it off, and even with a mouse-driven interface, the management/interaction menus were not as intuitive as I had hoped. The game crashed on me several times and after the last crash I found myself relieved of the need to continue this drudgery."
76561198012449622,Recommended,224500,22133757,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,skinner.david,"This game can be very addictive. You choose whether to settle in the flatlands or the hills or mountains, you can preiveiw the area or just jump in for a surprise. You choose the difficulty of your enemies and whether they get strong. And you plan and build. I just when you think that you are getting bored, there are mods that change the game up, easier, harder, more variety. But be warned, this game can be addictive.If you get stuck, look at the wiki or the guides online on steam, check out the screen shots, or ask for help, there is a very active communitiy. Once you learn to play the game, get out your graph paper and design the perfect town then you can go in roman camp style and throw down a design that will be efficient and easy to remember. Only you have to adapt to the terrain, and you have to survive long enough to be able to change what ever you want to change. And you may have to adapt to mods that introduce new workshops.While the game is not multiplayer, you can agree to start in the same location of the same map with same settings and then compare screenshots of the results. If you both should survive so long."
,Not Recommended,224500,12354279,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,hotmatrixx,"This is a tricky one. It needs a Neutral review. If you are going to rate this, at least read it first-ThanxIf you know what Dwarf Fortress is, and liked it, you will love this game. The learning curve is more of a cliff face, it's a long, hard slog to figure out what everything does, what order you should craft in,  learning how to use the dwarf professions, Military, Stocks tabs, and how to use Priorities to create effective farms. I suggest that 6-10h of play time will get you to a point where you are proficient enough to be able to enjoy this game. Be aware of that going into it, and you shouldn't be dissapointed.Being Early Access, one needs to remember that bugs that I mention here, will likely be fixed by the time you read the review.So the screenshots that you see of vast  fortresses? don't expect to get that far in the game for  a long, long, long time. What you are looking at there, is beautiful, but it takes a lot to get there. I'm sure I'll persist with it one day, I will manage it myself, but not today.There is one particular thing in this game that I dislike above everything else I want to say about it, good or bad; Mining isn't as intuitive as it needs to be to make this game align with more casual players, such as myself (I'm not really a casual gamer, but I play this game with a Casual mentality). This game is not ready for casual players. Read the reviews, and you will see they are filled with fanboi's. This is fine, as it can be a great game, and it deserves it's positive following. All I am saying is, prepare for something hardcore, or look elsewhere ATM.Mostly, I'm gettting OK with this game, and the more I persist with it, the better I get at not having my Gnomes Derp out. It's the ONLY realy frustration that I have right now, otherwise I would say it's an OK game.ControlsYou dont control Gnomes directly. you give sets of instructions, and they prioritise their tasks. So if a Gnome is hungry, he will go off and eat from the Food Stockpile, before he will pick up that strawberry off the ground. (its just a bug that needs to be looked at.) mostly they manage their own sleep/food/drink needs and you ensure they have enough supplies. I actually like this idea.The UI is clunky and slow. it uses the same system as Win95 where you have to track your mouse across several dropdowns to get what you want. you have to double click lots of things that should be single click. you have to click - move click to select, rather than click drag. I keep hearing from fanbois ""it's better than DF (Dwarf Fortress)"" That may be true, but it doesn't make it OK. You can't pause if you have a menu or context box up. you can only pull up the context menu if you click on a blank area of the map.This is understandable, as designated areas/ objects/enemies are interactive via said rclick. but still annoying.Graphics.Although I get it, i do - it's a throwback nod to the 8bit era of DF, it's not right. I feel the art style is archaic and unclean. tiles have a lot going on in each one and it can actually make it hard for less experienced players to 'read' the layout of the land, especially as we are talking about a mining type game with multiple layers of rock face and myriads of tunnels. I feel that this game would benefit from a clean, crisp tile set. I just looked at the gmae Project Zomboid, and it's graphics are simple, but clean, allowing you to focus on the gameplay. I feel this title here would benefit from such a make over.Sound.Turn it down, turn it off. Play your own. It gets tired quickly.Gameplay.Back to the brutal. I think this game is meant to be fun, but I'm not having any. I think that once I figure out how to mine without getting my miners trapped with no way out every 5 mins, I will like this game more.-->Pathing: gnomes getting stuck is because it's possible to work them into a corner. If, say you were to ask them to dig a pond by selecting an area that is wide, they will potentially dig themselves into a 1 tile island. because they have done this, the dirt that they need is down below their reach, so they can not build themselves a bridge out... you have to get another gnome to come resue them, and this may mean retasking a farmer to become a miner for a little while, etc etc. The pathfinding itself seems not too bad, but it pays to dig / mine in small areas/strips..-->Mining;It's hard work. not from the perspective of it's a grind... it's actually very accessible, and you can get pretty deep, pretty quickly... just remember that depth = harder monsters. Monsters Spawn anywhere that is dug that is within about 12 tiles of a gnome that is not lit by a torch. Pro tip, right there. Anyway, what I find hard, is the pathing. building stairs up/down isn't always easy. gnomes get stuck/freeze. they can remove their only way out, and then they don't build stars back up afterwards. Maybe I found a glitch, maybe I'm doing it wrong. It's annoying. There is a key (E) to make all uncovered tiles invisible, so it's supposed to make deep mining easier, and in some ways it does, but it's still really easy to lose track of where your little minions are. Then there is the whole stock piling and stacking mechanic, which is currently broken. EG. Dirt can be stockpiled, and can be stacked to 64... but gnomes will not stack dirt on a stockpile. you have to make a stockpile, get them to fill it, then destroy your pile, and the game will then stack your dirt for you. I hope this is addressed in the future.Survival.It's meant to be a Rogue-lite Procedurally Generated Crafting Survival Game With Permadeath. this is achieved with map generation at the start of the game, and a Save feature, but no Load... so youcan't go back to previous Save games. really it just feels like it's missing the load feature. I think it's because the game talks about saving so much that it becomes a thing, something that you think about, rather than just lettign it happen so that you can focus on gameplay.On enemies; figure out how to craft a bone needle, and make yourself some bandages. Minor cuts during combat will have your gnomes bleed to death if not treated. Enough Said.Crafting.I like the crafting in this game. You can see what the prerequisites are for items, you can even order an item, and your gnomes will make all the prereq's for it... if you have created/farmed all the needed Craft stations / ingredients for those (wood, stone, bone, cotton, etc) you can see what can be created and what's needed. I Prefer this to the Terraria / MindCrap style of play where items only become available to craft (aka you know of their exsistence) once you already have all the items needed to create it.The Negative Reccomend is mostly because I feel that this game is not yet ready for the Casual gamer, even though I will likely persist with it for now.Casual: well, it's Don't Starve again, but with a steeper learning curve at the start - a science machine in DS wll get you through winter if your an OK player... so, one crafting table, basically. In Gnomoria, you craft 1 table specifically so that you can craft the next 6 that you will need for winter / food / drink / stone / wood / butcher etc etc. And i pretty well need them all. Then once I have them I need to use those tables to build a loom and a  tailor, just so that I can make bandages for when my guys get injured in battle. That's 8 crafting tables in the first 6-10 days, pretty much. I've learned this with about 10h of play time, so it takes about 10h before you can start to learn the game well enough to begin to enjoy it... Thus - not for casual gamers - those who want to pick up a game and know how to play it in 5 mins. If a tutorial is good enough, even if it is really long, a player can feel like they have freedom in the game, and yet still be taught as they go. hints that pop up on events, like yak @ 50% hunger... start the ""build a trough"" tutorial... etc"
76561198153736040,Recommended,224500,22527701,"Posted: 19 April, 2016",all,Yankiman,"This game is a micromanager's dream.  Though the interface is somewhat cumbersome at times, once you are able to organize and create proper workflow you will enter skillfully combines the sandbox and strategy game genres."
76561198069205063,Recommended,224500,17206470,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Sir Derpface,"It's good for everyone.It's the game of your dreams if you like Dwarf fortress.To all those morons that say that the game isn't updated,CHECK AGAINIt's updated every week in indev."
,Not Recommended,224500,25644676,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,Sputnik,"This game had a lot of promise as a DF-lite, but it's been abandoned by the dev. It's by no means a bad game, but it does have it's problems and is definitely not complete by any means.Here are (IMO) the problems:- Lack of end-gameOnce you have things up and running, there just isn't that much to do. This was a problem I ran into in all of my playthroughs - I'd have a blast fending off the initial goblin raids and getting my basic setup, but after that it was just wave after wave of goblins, and the only real threat that they pose to you is lagging your game to death.- CombatCombat is pretty terrible, mostly due to enemies being able to stack endlessly on a single hex. What this means is that you'll have a hundred-goblin doomstack running around, one-shotting your soldiers because they're getting hit hundreds of times before they can do anything. Now there are ways to devise traps so that enemies will trickle more slowly into your forces or eliminate the need for a military entirely, but that doesn't detract from the fact that the core mechanic - combat, is lacking.- Crashes/game breaking bugsI've lost a few of my kingdoms due to this. Most of the time it seems like something specific is causing it because I'll get crashes at the exact same point when I reload the game.- PerformanceThe game is pretty badly optimized, especially once you get to about the mid-game. Goblin raids are also pretty bad once they pick up in size.- CommunicationWhile this doesn't relate directly to the game, I thought it'd be worth mentioning. The developer, Robob0b, has disappeared off of the face of the earth, deleting his social media accounts. There was also a developer roadmap on his website listing promised features, but it's since been removed. Not a very professional attitude."
,Recommended,224500,8034093,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,John Smith,(Dwarf Fortress - hard stuff) + isometric engine = Gnomoria
,Not Recommended,224500,24762279,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Major Witty,"I played a little over 70 hours in early access. Bought four copies for my kids. My two youngest sons still play the game and get continuely frustrated with AI issues outside of the player's control or combat issues that cause your wonderful gnomes to die. My boys solution is to play a few hours to get their community started then start a new game or play on easy mode. I would agree with other reviewers that game should really be early access until some basic things like AI and combat issues are addressed.The AI and combat issues aside. Caring for and managing your gnomes, even with the outdated UI, is entertaining to our entire family. We don't play as much as we would like due to issues stated above. The game is 90% finished and enjoyable. I just can't give the game a thumbs up when some very frustrating issues can ruin my 10+ hour gnome adventure and I lose my precious gnomes.Dev should add ability for player to manually take over a single gnome with full control. At least that would give the player the ability to mitigate problems when AI bugs tend to clog a workshop or even worse, kill your gnome."
76561198065531039,Not Recommended,224500,21424767,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Domite,"The game has changed very little since Feb 2015, still feels incomplete and only half finished. Since then it has mostly been bugfixes and and mod support for a game that is basically dead in the water for development. (Its still buggy and sometimes quite annoying to play.)Positives:A lot of the basic features are complete, you can build a decent enough base for your gnomes.Gnomes that have fought in battles can lose limbs that impair thier abilities which helps give some of your gnomes some character which they otherwise lack completely.So long as you only build unerground, building can be quite fun and easy to do, planning storerooms and workshops seperate to your living quarters and dining halls.The visual style and overall presentation including the UI is nice to look at and faily easily interpreted.Negatives:Being that no preferances exist for food and drink, there is no incentive to vary production and create a variety of food and drink and instead produce the same stuff for the entire playthrough.Controlling your gnome squads is difficult too, only being able to give vague suggestions of what you want them to do which can be frustrating when combat often leads to serious injury a single gnome can run into a fight before everyone else and die immidiately leading to an entire colont collapsing because you no longer have enough gnomes to fight back and the few remaining goblins take down your civilians with little resistance.Gnomes get stuck a lot unless you remove tiles in a very specific order to prevent them removing thier only escape because they can't walk on solid blocks if they have no tiles on top. Sometimes you dig down and get them stuck or they construct something in the wrong order and get stuck on top of a wall. You have to micromanage them as best you can despite only being able to designate jobs to be done, this leads to a lot of watching them do a job then designating the next tile(s) for construction or deconstruction, the larger the project you intend to build, the more tedious the process gets.The games hospital area just does not do its job, gnomes do a better job of patching themselves up after a battle. I have had gnomes who would otherwise have lived die in hospital of thirst despite having plenty of drink available. Plus they stay in hospital untill they are fully recovered and since there is no medicine in game this takes a very very long time, time which would be better spent doing work so we don't all starve.Currently missing or lacking features:No animal taming.No personalities, life goals or religions.No magic or enchanting.Diplomacy overly simplistic, either friend or hostile monster kingdom with no way to change thier disposition. Friendly kindoms exists purely for trade and hostile kingdoms will only attack you. No communication and barely any interaction outside of trade or fighting.Items, plants and animal variety feels lacking, very few rare plants and animals exist.I've never seen a random event besides being relentlessly attacked by goblins and the Mants have never attacked because I don't make too much food.Medical treatments besides bed rest and bandages, without any other forms of treatment the hospital is pointless. (Artificial limbs exist but they are quite late in the game and are not produced at the hospital.)The game is fun enough to pick up on sale but not worth a full price purchase."
,Recommended,224500,21746870,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Orillion,"This game can be correctly called ""Dwarf Fortress lite,"" but it has several rules and mechanics that prevent it from perfectly capturing a lighter version of that experience.The big one, I feel, is that there's no real way to avoid the overworld. Dwarves can stock up on an absurd amount of wood, then bid the sun goodbye forever. Gnomes are not so lucky; They can grow mushrooms underground for tea, but underground pastures are a ♥♥♥♥♥ to make and there's no other way to grow crops purely underground. Also, most furniture can only be made from wood, meaning you will have to leave eventually. This is okay; it gives the game its own sense of identity, but it's important to know that strategies that serve in Dwarf Fortress are often not replicable here.Also of note is that, while the interface is substantially easier to use than Dwarf Fortresses', it's still awkward as hell. Most commands are selected mainly from a right-click drop-down menu that has a habit of closing menus if your cursor drifts off for even a second. The placement of a lot of tools is also questionable at best, making large projects of mountain-levelling and fortress-building take much longer than necessary as you need to remember the logic the game uses for its tools. I suggest Tacyn's Base Mod, located in the Steam Workshop, to fix this. It adds a lot of content, but much of that is cosmetic choices (such as new tree types which result in different coloured wood) but it mostly feels well-implemented and the alterations to tool logic are, in my opinion, hard to live without.Finally, this is sadly a game you can't really help but play with the wiki open; workbenches are used to craft every type of good in the game, but they follow a tech tree which the game itself does not really offer for viewing: Crude workbenches can be made without processed materials, and are used to craft your first few real benches. You need to make a stone cutter to process stone into the form used by the stone mason. You need to make the stone mason so you can craft the cutting blade required to craft the sawmill. You need the sawmill because crafting a single plank with a crude workbench takes ages, and only after you have one is it worth building your carpenter bench.The more infamous example is the creation of beds: You need a loom to process cotton, a carpenter to make bed frames, and a tailor to make matresses. To craft the tailor, you need a bone needle. To make a bone needle, you need a bonecarver. Bonecarvers have -very few- uses beyond crafting a bone needle; just creating trade goods and low-grade armour. To make the stone needle at the bonecarver you need a butcher to extract the bones from a corpse. To get a corpse for the butcher you either need to have had your yak pastures up and running for a full 12 days or you need to luck out and win a fight against goblins or honey badgers, which is far from guaranteed when you have so little armour and no experience. That means that, before you can make your first bed, you need to have eight different workbenches and either a ranching industry or a large amount of luck.That said, if you can accept the minor niggles of the tech tree being what it is and the interface being sort of screwy, Gnomoria is definitely a game worth your time. Whether it's worth your money is another story; I would probably not buy  it for over $10 USD."
,Not Recommended,224500,25504451,"Posted: 14 September, 2016",all,DJ,"This game seems awesome at first. Starting with 6 gnomes you collect wood and stone and, from nothing, build a bustling empire complete with blunderbusses and automatons. What can go wrong?Turns out, a lot. Once your kingdom gets big enough, crashes WILL happen. There's really nothing that can be done since every kingdom uses a single save slot with new saves overwriting the old ones. There is no way to go back to an old save.Also, market stalls are currently bugged. 95% of the items you craft will have 0 worth in the market so buying from a merchant is almost impossible. With a developer that effectively vanished, its safe to say this bug will probably never get fixed."
,Not Recommended,224500,32029003,Posted: 28 May,all,mgspecter,"I want to love this game, I really do it has the prospects of being a really good one. That being said it is extremely buggy, and characters can get frozen in spots until they die from starvation or dehydration for no reason at all. It can be an enjoyable romp for a little while but if you're looking for a dedicated colony building sim stick with rimworld until Gnomoria's dev's get their heads out of their @$$es and fix this game. I'm leaving this as not recommended unless you can get it on a really good sale."
,Recommended,224500,8477657,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Viss Valdyr,"I can recommend the game!The start is a bit difficult, but after ready one or two tutorials on theWWW,you get the hang of it.Also some ""trial and error"" can improve your experience. Just try stuff out.The game is very like dwarf Fortress. Not as good, but also not as complicated. Since DF is free, you can either try to go directyl to DF or stick some hours in this game, before advancing to DF. This gane is an early access game, much more stuff is getting into the game day after day.I expierenced zero bugs and one or two crashes! I recomment it fully to fans of DF for an ""easier"" game. I am very happy with this game, you should try it out. Especially when there is a sale, a must have!"
76561197985968121,Not Recommended,224500,24849422,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,TheLegoMan,"This was the first every early access game I brought and is the main reason I'm really, really careful when buyng ones now.  Most of the time I won't buy them any more.  It was abandoned a long time ago and only seems to have managed a full release for financial reasons.  My personal recomendation would be not to buy this game.  Go look for one of the other completed dwarf fortress clones."
76561198061846868,Recommended,224500,14408982,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Sharkboy,"With enough time on this game to write a review i decided to finally get to writing one.Lets start with the good points: The developer listens to feedback and works on bugs extremely fast, You can sell pet rocks for yaks, Dress up your gnomes in the skulls of your dead enemies, For some reason goblins shank your yaks instead of you, Extremely fun and good to play in spare time and keep your kingdom looked after, Willing gnome sacrifices come at the start of every season to ""work"" for you, Combat system that shows where your gnome is hurt and how it will affect its battle, Skill called ""way of the gnome"" assign this to a group of 5 gnomes and watch them kill everything you see until you run out of your early supply of bandagesThe bad points: It only has a single developer so progress for updates is slow but still frequent, Can't stop yaks for bleeding so if one of them grazes its hoof you get to watch it slowly bleed out over your kingdom until you finally eat it, High difficulty curve to the point that most new players won't realise that placing torches will save your life and digging deep will be the end for a new player.Overall this game is amazing and something i keep coming back to and finding new updates each time. 10/10 m8"
76561198103927085,Recommended,224500,12878442,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Gauliaean,"Very, I mean, very fun and interesting sandbox/kingdom management game, plus the Developer is really nice and sincere guy, who's hardworking and cooperative with the whole community."
76561198005432173,Not Recommended,224500,32742072,Posted: 24 June,all,echoshatter,"Had potential, but buggy as heck and suffers severe performance issues in the later game. Just buy Rimworld and checkout the mods for it."
76561198023168606,Not Recommended,224500,16929404,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,DirtySocrates,Gnomoria is a exceptional idea that needs to be finished. The game has a lot of content so far and bulding a gnome empire is fun but as other people have stated updates are slow to come and the game feels dead. Bug fixes take forever and the game is indeed using old tech that makes the game hard on the cpu when it doesnt need to be. The guy who started this needs to get a group together to help him finish it and release a finalized copy of the game.Definitely follow and if a release comes along look into getting it. Until then I would look for something else.
,Not Recommended,224500,22640225,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,Count Blackula,"Gnomoria was an addictive early-access 'Dwarf Fortress Lite' game centered around an isometric view, actual graphics, and the titular gnomes. The game is charming in its own way, the varety of gnome sprites brought a modicum of life to what would otherwise be smiling icons. But aside from Gnome looks there isn't much else varied in the game.You have your standard farms and produce, your varieties of stones, a smattering of metals, a few AI 'kingdoms' to trade with and that's about it.No, really. Unless you count the monster varietes, all of which but three can be countered by simply lighting your mines with torches. Skeletons, Zombies, Beetles, and Spiders simply aren't a threat to any player (read: most) capable of planting torches on the floor. The rest are periodic goblin & ogre invasions that scale in size and armament with the 'wealth' value of your realm. Not that the scale of these will kill anything other than your framerate when you reach a point where you can trap them in corridors and let them starve to death. The last enemy is the mant, chitinous men-ants who spawn in numbers based off your food storage and can be completely circumvented by killing a scout spawned a day or so before a raid.These threats do not become more challenging over time as much as they become higher in number. Attack frequencies never increase, there are no bigger threats, and they're routine enough to be completely predictable. The difficulty curve in this game stems from the lack of a tutorial and the creeping FPS death and bugs (both beetle cascades and crashes).If you're wondering if the game has any mystical or otherwise big events/features/content, I can say there's none. Once you learn the mechanics (and the gnomish mechanisms), the game becomes trivial in the extreme. So yeah, 'Dwarf Fortress Lite' in the negative sense of the phrase.The game lacks in significant and essential content it sorely needs to justify itself as a finished game, such as a deathcare system, expanded economics and management(No royalty/nobility! Though you might consider that a good thing) , and a meaningful way to interact with the game world outside your kingdom.To top it all off Gnomoria does not support resolutions higher than 1080 and the developer has not and will never make any attempts to ever support them. Enjoy playing in windowed mode if you've a higher resolution monitor.Gnomoria was good for an early access game. It is not a finished game worthy of release. Sacrificing the last 2 years of development to focus on mod support at the expense of sorely needed content made this game another warning against Early Access."
76561198086972632,Recommended,224500,7848959,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Mahoosive,"If you enjoy building and simulating a kingdom of gnomes then this is the game for you! Assign tasks to your gnomes to construct a castle, farm the land, mine precious gems, build strategic mechanisms, and much more. Prepare your kingdom for hordes of monsters or play on peaceful and expand your wealth. The possibilities are endless. The developers of this game release constant updates and have made the game controls very user-friendly, although they do require experience to master. Overall, an excellent game - especially for early access - and well worth the investment."
,Recommended,224500,27439866,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,The Misterious Trixie,"People here complain about developer abandoning the game... Actually, the game's complete enough to enjoy it (and been that way since its first appearance on steam). And not only enjoy it, but spend 300+ hours playing. And before the Robobob (dev's name) ceased working on game and disappeared for good, he managed to make a game open enough for workshop-devs to actually enable them to polish it to perfection.Definetely worth a try. Incredibly addictive and relaxing. 9.5/10 on ""fun"" and ""quality"" scales amongst the games of this kind."
,Not Recommended,224500,24253897,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,Sniper Fox [DLS],"Changed my review from positive to negative.  Developer just said ""I want to do something else so I'll just declare the next version to be 1.0 and delete the dev roadmap. I'm out!""DO NOT BUY THIS GAME!"
,Not Recommended,224500,30046666,Posted: 19 February,all,Felix is Lesbian,"SHORT VERSION: ***Game is buggy, seems to be no fix - Game abandoned with no fix - Do Not Buy***LONGER VERSION:I put many more hours into Gnomoria than what is shown; possibly over double.And I enjoyed the game - never played anything like this before. No DF experience, ect.However the last update for Gnomoria - in my opinion - left the game upstable. I have worlds that are corrupted due to my Gnomes climbing scaffolding. I sometimes am hoping that opening a workbench doesn't crash my game, I hope any bug doesn't crash the game, and then hope that the crash doesn't corrupt my world.It is a shame RoboBob left this project, as it was one of my early purchases being new to Steam - and I had a good amount of casual fun.The game is riddled with bugs, that forums, and those on the workshop community, even the Reddit sub, know not how to fix the problems. And it is a shame. I hope the community find a fix, but I'm not going to keep checking up on that."
,Recommended,224500,955954,"Posted: 23 June, 2013",all,Varaosa,"ENG:Nice smaller and lighter, and survival of minecraft style of building game on Steam. Referral!FIN:Kiva pienempi ja kevyempi selviytymis ja minecraftin tyylinen rakentamis peli steamissa. Suositteluni!"
,Recommended,224500,34651602,Posted: 31 August,all,godsmokescronic,"Firstly, I'm a little split on my recommendation here.  Gnomoria is fun and interesting but it is far from the best in the genre.  If you don't want to take the time to learn Dwarf Fortress or if you want something lighter every once in a while, start with Rimworld which is by far the best DF clone I've found.  However, if you're like me and want to keep exploring the genre past DF, Rimworld, and Prison Architect, this is a worthwhile title.  It's good, not great, good.  The beginning of the game is repetitive, the enemies lack variety, and the mechanics are a bit simplistic and predictable.  However, the graphics are wonderful for the genre and this is the only worthwhile 3D clone I've found (waiting for Timber and Stone to get improved on)In short, only buy this game if you've already explored the other titles in the genre and want to mix it up.  It has nothing on Rimworld or DF.Pros:3D graphicsGreat job priority management system (by far the best in the genre)Great mechanical system (it's a bit simplistic but it beats other games)Generally a really good building systemGnomes are pretty cool I guessCons:Serious lack of variety in enemiesPredictable (this is a huge con in my opinion as these games allow for great stories based on their unpredictability and this just doesn't have any of that)Very little strategic variety (you're going to want to stick with the same basic strategy each playthrough)Somewhat clunky interface (not too much of a con, since clunky interfaces are a staple of the genre)Gnomes just aren't as cool as dwarfs(Worth noting that at least half if not three quarters of that 205 recorded hours was the game on pause while I worked on something else)"
,Not Recommended,224500,34985568,Posted: 15 September,all,A Pile of Owls,"Fun, but abandonned. The game is fairly buggy and half the features promised in the original roadmap were never included."
,Not Recommended,224500,23255884,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Tartelette Gourgandine,"Meh. I have the game since a ♥♥♥♥ing long time, and the developpement is verryyy slow, and it's still an early access imo even if they claim it's released. Not worth 15$/e, if it's on sale on like less than 5$/e and you like this kind of game, go for it though. It's for me the closest successor of Dwarf Fortress (which is sad to say since it's a pretty meh game)"
,Recommended,224500,33709305,Posted: 21 July,all,Pantothenate,"Be forewarned: This has an absurdly steep learning curve, with no tutorial and minimal documentation.You'll probably need to look up either a YouTube tutorial or a Getting Started guide your first time through. Also, expect to lose. A lot. The game has an enemy mechanic that rapidly scales in difficulty, and when your kingdom dies, it's meant to stay dead.That being said, it can be extremely fun, and rewarding once you get the hang of it. (Right up until the point where your kingdom gets steamrolled and you have to start over again.)It's like a visual version of Dwarf Fortress. There are tons of user-created mods out there that add tons of dimension to the game. And, most important, the developers are fairly active, regularly updating and adding features. I've been playing this game since it first came out (hence the stupid-high hours played), and there has been a steady drip of improvements--enough to make it worth picking up again every few months and starting anew.Gnomoria definitely isn't for everyone. It's very involved, pretty complex, requires a good deal of micro-management, and includes perma-death not only of a key member of your society with one unlucky spawn or swing, but also perma-death of your entire kingdom.But if you can deal with those, this game is bloody wonderful."
,Not Recommended,224500,25417696,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,Nilfsen,"This game is for me another example of what's wrong with Early Access.Thing that looks great on paper, have great potential to grow in to nice game.It even developed at begining in interesting way but with time, promises get forgoten.Will for futher development dies out and what we get is half finished product sold as 1.0 and leftto it's own sad end."
76561197996183136,Not Recommended,224500,15849418,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Punko,"I love this game, but what inevitably breaks the experience for me every time I really get into it is the inexplicable crashes.It is an absolute blast to craft sprawling cities adorned however I want, mine deep into the earth for precious resources, develop my gnomes into skilled warriors and craftsman, BUT when you lose hours of work to random crashes attributed to things like ""too many items/enemies"" or ""That gnome is building a chair"" or ""I don't even know because there are too many variables that could be causing the crash,""  the fun factor is instantly replaced with frustration.  I've spent a lot of time on some games simply trying to figure out what factor is causing the crashes.  Is it the market?  Is it a specific building?  Again, there are too many factors, and its painful to figure out.   It's Early access at the submission of this review, so I get it: crashes are to be expected.  Regardless, crashes are never fun, so take care if you decide to purchaseThis is a fun game and will be better when/if they ever finish the game.  If the severe stability issues are eventually addressed, you can bet your bum that I'll switch my recommendation to ""yes!"""
,Not Recommended,224500,25765657,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,denis_pro,"не хватает духу начать в dwarf fortress? потренируйтесь в гноморию. к сожалению игра заброшена.или в Rimworld, но там нет ловушек и механизмов и она плоская. зато развивается.Had promise, then was abandoned. Pick it up if its on sale, otherwise look up Rimworld or Stonehearth."
76561198038541697,Recommended,224500,23641747,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,modomario,Development is pretty slow but the game is good.Has Linux support which is great and overall is a nice timesink.
,Recommended,224500,15191238,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,thewolfnextdoor,Goblins attack my townKill the goblinsMake sandwiches out of the dead goblinsSend said sandwiches to the goblin kingdomsRepeat until dead
,Recommended,224500,25022392,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,[QC] ophten,"The developer of this game was very active during early access and addressed many, many bugs. He has disappeared of late, which is unfortunate, however this game is still a great purchase. I can't recommend it highly enough. As a town management game its solid and is an approachable alternative for many players to Dwarf Fortress (also a great game). It lacks a little depth but I much prefer the isometric graphics.For $15 you can log hundreds of enjoyable hours."
,Recommended,224500,8668213,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Psyva,"Gnomoria obviously takes much of its inspiration from Dwarf Fortress, but with a user-friendly interface and colorful graphics, it is much more approachable.  While this may not have the complexity that Dwarf Fortress does, it offers an extremely enjoyable experience and has been well worth the small price currently being charged for the game.  Fans of Dwarf Fortress or any other village management games should definitely take a look."
,Recommended,224500,11414974,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Pappy Dage,"Goblins kept killing my gnomes, so then I invented the crossbow and shot the goblins in the face instead. 10/10"
76561198008015972,Not Recommended,224500,31158675,Posted: 15 April,all,Kelt,Broken and abandoned by Devs
76561198060655354,Recommended,224500,34382301,Posted: 20 August,all,batminseok,"Overcomplicated, micromanagement hell. I lov it"
,Recommended,224500,32723210,Posted: 24 June,all,Lox 縛,"First, let me warn you that this game could be better. The gameplay isn't instinctive and there's no tutorial so you'll have to rely on internet. After you went through this kind of boring phase where you just figure out what you're supposed to do and how to do it, you'll have plenty of fun for hours and hours if you like giving orders and planning the survival of a group of gnomes from scratch. The visuals are good except for few occasions where it was hard to figure out where the enemies were, the gameplay needs knowledge but is very functionnal and the OST is good but you'll probably want to play your own music when you'll get bored of it."
76561198026620591,Recommended,224500,7903765,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,The Duck Knight,"After 700+ hours of gametime I have to say: DO NOT BUY IT! This game is the devil! I might be addicted. help me...please.....Buy this game if you:-Have at least a minor God complex (Sandbox-games *yay*)-Don't care that much about graphics.-Are ready to mute the freakin ""music"" (I love the game, but the music is just *urgs*) *small update* the orchestral music is okay, no worries. *update done*-Like to be freaked out by a game a few time (unexperienced players may thing it could be to hard. Be a man, get used to it!)-Are not that much of someone with a plan or stuff.-Are always thinking ""My minions are stupid as hell, I'm lovin it.""-Sometimes just want to send some stupid, little, worthless Gnome into a sensless Death, just because you don't like his freakin face or something.The more of the points above are fitting you, the more fun you will have with this game."
76561198000223386,Recommended,224500,18282034,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Ultra,"This is a game much like dwarf fortress, but much more dumbed down and with a far better UI.Pick this up if- You liked Dwarf Fortress' idea, but not so much the ASCII UI- You like settlement management games such as The settlers, and want a new twist.- You like City building game- You prefer gameplay, over graphics- A game with semi regular updates,Dont pick it up if:- You enjoy every aspect of dwarf fortress including its UI; your going to be disappointed- You prefer graphics over gameplay- You have never played a city builder or resource management game, this ones tough on newer players to this genreHope this helped someone out there make their mind up about this interesting soon to be cult classic."
76561198031225897,Recommended,224500,32490719,Posted: 16 June,all,Adicon,"555 fun filled hours and counting and loved it all. Not sure where the unfinished game hate came from when it went to 1.0 because its a complete sandbox IMO.  Not an easy game to get started, definitely required me to watch some youtube guides/getting started videos but I loved the challenge and getting wiped out many times before I got the hang of starting a thriving gnomoria."
,Not Recommended,224500,25547526,"Posted: 17 September, 2016",all,TheGuide,"It's a shame really.This game has a lot of promise, Dwarf Fortress but easy to jump into. And it can be fun for awhile. But the game doesn't feel finished. Modding's nice, but it's a poor crutch and doesn't help that much. If you really really want the game it can be fun but I'd recommend getting something like Prison Architect or Rimworld before you get this, and definietly just wait for a sale.TL:DR - Games been abandoned without really being finished. Fun for a bit but the holes are clearly there."
,Recommended,224500,25801203,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Cassinai,"Very good dwarf-fortress clone, but unfortunately abandoned by developer... Few bugs are around, further development is not expected, but the depth and quality of this game is still sufficient for many hours of fun (and many playthrougs). If you see it on sale, go ahead and grab it."
,Recommended,224500,9980144,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,weemcast,"Frustrated. That was my initial reaction to this game when I tried it months ago. ""What is going on here?!"" I thought, before uninstalling it. Recently I gave it another shot and I am so glad I did. If you are considering this game, do yourself a favor and watch a tutorial video covering the basics. A good 30 minute video should do, but give it a shot, it's an amazing game. Additionally, you can watch my first experience with the game here:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uHKQaOX8ArQ"
76561198043853922,Not Recommended,224500,24720226,"Posted: 4 August, 2016",all,Yrie,"Fun Game, but unpolished. More develepment is required for the game to become a decent gnome colony simulation game."
,Not Recommended,224500,22348531,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Vladislav,"Does fun when you know what to do.Non understandable and frustrating issues e.g. gnoms aren't picking up their tools, are idle instead of transfering items to the stockpile....etc..and you don't know why because UI gives no information.No tutorialHighly complicated and confusing UIGame is far from being finished, it should be pushed back into Early Access.PS: It's abandoned by the Devs"
76561198064206553,Not Recommended,224500,25501388,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,SneakyGunz,Unfinished game! Do not buy!!!
76561197991861398,Recommended,224500,30534993,Posted: 15 March,all,(✪) Verse,"Understand, first and foremost, Gnomoria is something unheard of to the crowd that likes these kinds of games; Fully released. As of this writing the version on Steam is the released product and the game is not abandoned as some have claimed. Many of the negative reviews currently on Steam have nothing to do with the game itself and are about the developer stating he has finished development and this has led some people to decry the game as an unfinished product. This is not the case, and many of them do not state or list relevant detractions from the game aside from their feeling it is unfinished. The developer did not finish all the features he intended to, but he left the game in a well-beyond playable state that is beyond a fair few other Greenlight games that never make it out of alpha or beta states.I first heard of Gnomoria a few years back and at the time it had a small bit of hype for it's aspirations to be an in-depth but still penetrable city and resource management game. The premise is simple enough; You start as a group of gnomes, you have a small amount of starting resources and your goal is to build and maintain a prosperous settlement. To do this you need to mine for ores, clear forests, farm food and materials such as cotton, build structures and outfit your people. You manage what each individual Gnome can do via a Profession system that ties certain tasks to each profession (A miner mines, a woodcutter cuts wood, and a rancher fruitlessly tries to corral your animals) and understanding it, as well as the game itself, will be your key to victory.Let me state, I love this game. It's one of my favorite games to just turn on and let run when I need to kill time and it's perfectly easy to pick up and put down, yet like most city and civ management titles it's hard to actually stop playing. I spend a lot of time doing projects to reach some goal and find myself needing to do other projects to shore that up and it turns into this interconnected maze of projects that each feel fulfilling when you complete them.Each Gnome has it's own skills and each profession uses certain skills which makes managing your gnomes a key and fun part of the experience. The game has wild animals and monster invasions which provide most of the incentive to militarize your settlement and add an extra ticking clock to the survival of your settlement.It is not an easy game to dive into. Your first few settlements, without the benefit of Steam guides or other resources, will crash and burn. You have to keep food stocks up, drink stocks up and your kingdom has a Value which is the combined total of all the resources and structures on the map. This value attracts more Gnomes to your settlement, but also factors into the strength and rate of enemy attacks which means you have to be able to adapt your defenses as your population and value increase. This makes each settlement lost a learning experience and very rarely will you not take something away from the experience.It is not perfect by any means. Despite it's light feeling, the calculations and processing required can make bigger maps or older computers chug a little and sometimes the AI feels a little clunky in how it determines pathing, often leaving gnomes taking the longer routes or unsafe one when shorter/safer ones are available, but this rarely impacts the experience for me.There is a lack of variety in some things such as metals and farm-able resources but what is there is easy enough to understand and the combinations/products you can produce can easily be enough to overwhelm yourself with. There are some small complaints like the music being a bit chippy and the sprite work being basic, but they both work fine and they do not detract from the experience.Overall, I highly recommend this game and urge you to give it a chance in spite of the negative reviews currently in place. I do not deny the game has problems, but the game is absoltuely playable and a good, easy to slide into game for this genre. In terms of cost versus enjoyment, it is well worth the money and you could easily have less fun and less time spent in much more expensive games. You can benefit highly from the guides and resources in place and mods will add some depth for those seeking a deeper, more varied experience, but this does not take away from a great game."
76561198020794017,Not Recommended,224500,35167769,Posted: 23 September,all,Som,"Dev's  abandoned the game, i loved this game but now its just dieing game with no content"
,Recommended,224500,7727890,"Posted: 23 November, 2013",all,Aurumlamina,"An excellent game that at this point in time (the writing of this review) is still being improved on frequently.  If you're a Dwarf Fortress fan, this game is basically a stream-lined version with significantly better graphics.  It is simpler, with less actual content, though still a very well done and entertaining game in its own right.For those who are not familiar with Dwarf Fortress, this game is basically a combination of a city-builder, roguelike, and strategy, though that may be oversimplifying it a bit.  You start with a small band of gnomes and with them you construct homes, workshops, pastures, and more while making sure that they have the neccessities to stay alive and happy.  As they work their skills pertaining to that job will improve, whether they are farming or killing invading goblins.I highly recommend this game and consider it a must for any who enjoy this genre."
,Recommended,224500,8247259,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Jakethesnake,"I bought this game and in the first week put an embarassingly large amount of time to.  It is a simple to play, difficult to master game that will just keep you coming back for more.Just don't get too emotionally attached to your gnomes, because they are going to die."
76561198090131606,Not Recommended,224500,24765714,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,rcagravel,it had huge potential ..... I hope robobob comes back but right now it dosent look that way... the wiki is abandoned as well the sectuity is lapsed ...... I thought it was a beautful game it just needed some more AI work for me and a little more fleshing out... if the dev comes beck this could be a awsome game so keep it ona watch list not a buy me now list ....
,Recommended,224500,8361510,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,TooNu,"Dwarf Fortress light. That is how most people explain Gnomoria and I can't disagree. It's more accessible and easier to manage than DF, it already looks better with no need for mods, it's a similar principle without the headache and massive learning curve. Where as DF takes a very long time to master and is ultimately worth while, Gnomoria fits into that gap between a game that wants to be as good and deep as DF but for more casual players, or, a wider audience.I enjoyed this so much that I made 2 Gnome forts. My first was eaten from the inside by giant bugs I couldn't stop. My second is still a work in progress some 30 hours in. It's a fun game, it's time absorbing and micro management heaven."
76561197991603176,Recommended,224500,18808951,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,Tyggna,"This game was so good, it got me into Dwarf Fortress.I had no idea what I was getting into when I bought this, and it is very rare that a game is so well done that it actually causes me to reconsider my paradigm on life.  It is a wonderful game and you should play it.Only one negative thing about it: dev on it is kinda slow.  I came back after almost a year of not playing to find only a handful of new features.  Fortunately the game is already quite complete and perfectly playable despite what many ""early access"" releases might lead you to believe."
,Recommended,224500,12785389,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,SC.Vith,This is the game of kings.
76561197971948490,Recommended,224500,13248237,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Wraith_Magus,"Highly addictive and highly playable, even in the unfinished state.  This game has been described as ""Dwarf Fortress Light with a twist"", which is... honestly really accurate.  If you've ever wanted to try DF, but couldn't get past the ASCII, then this is a good way to start.That said, it still doesn't hold your hand by any measure.  In fact, since it tries to be more ""gamey"" than DF's bent towards ""realism"", it can actually be somewhat harder to start, since there's a real penalty to just walling yourself off, and you can't just go with pure traps and crossbows behind fortifications from day 1.For those of you that don't play Dwarf Fortress, the nature of this game is that it just plunks you down smack in the middle of some randomly-generated grassy field with no particular instruction but to try not to starve.  Dash for the tutorials/guides/Let's Play now.  If you want to live, you better be planting some wheat, pronto, and it's not a bad idea to do a little foraging and deforestation, while your miners dig a ditch around your encampment and burrow into some hills to set up a little cave to huddle in.  If you find some stone, congrats, you can make a ""crude workshop"", which bootstraps your economy from pounding rocks together to having a couple basic workshops like the sawmill and carpenter to finally getting basically one of every workshop in the list as you can find the materials it takes to make them, and have the space to squirrel them away.  After that, goblins come to kill you, so hopefully, you created a military and trained it, or you die.  You didn't? Oh, well, it's your fault for not taking time out to train your troops, rather than using their labor to farm to survive the coming Winter.That said, it's not THAT hard, and there are difficulty sliders, but it's not a walk in the park, and there's basically nothing there to tell you when things are about to go seriously wrong.  (Kingdom Wealth, determined by what goods you produce, brings stronger enemies, and at 30k wealth, which is VERY easy to hit, you get very strong enemies starting to spawn in seiges... fanatically keeping wealth down is critical to survive.)  At least you have options to tone down the enemy...The crafting system is also somewhat detailed to a somewhat pointless degree.  There are intermediate steps for many crafting projects that seem redundant.  You can't simply make a torch out of some log you chopped down, you have to first saw the log into a plank, then split the plank into a stick, then turn one stick and one coal into a torch.  Making a shield takes two intermediate products, a shield boss and a shield backing, the shield backing only being used in that one specific recipe, so there's no reason to stockpile them.  Hypothetically, it can make certain projects take longer, but why not just make specific workshops slower to compensate?  It can wind up with clutter, both on the map, and in the menus.There is a significantly drop in variety from Dwarf Fortress, but they do at least make the individual monsters, creatures, and plantlife mostly unique.  Goblins attack based upon kingdom worth.  Mants (giant ants) attack for food. Golems are created inside your mines when you don't clean up your mine debris. Skeletons, zombies, and beetles are found in unlit deep mines.That said, there's definite room to grow here.  The game seems mostly focused upon the survival aspects, so the game is more based upon offering harder and harder fights at this moment than DF does.  However, it is not (yet) as sophisticated when it comes to engineering/physics exploits, or the capacity to create a compelling story.  Dwarf Fortress is such a great game because it allows for drastically different playstyles, from the challenge of modded super-invaders to crazy terraforming to creating a narrative from randomly generated characters.  The challenge is here, but the story is missing.  Gnomes differ only in what skills they have power-pumped so far, and there's no sense of a world beyond the boundaries on your play map.In total, it's more akin to what Dwarf Fortress was back in the 2D era, where it had more obviously ""gamey"" elements, and a clear sense of progression when you cleared obstacles like chasms that spit out tougher monsters as you progressed, but rewarded you with better ores to build weapons.  DF has gone on to be more a ""Performance Art Project"" about being a simulation, while Gnomoria tries more to be a game with a difficulty curve.If you want to have challenging fights and a sense of progression, Gnomoria has what you're looking for.  It's yet to even start on the epic world-building that DF has, so if you're more into playing a game to grow attached to some of the characters or see a story play out or play dollhouse or pretty princess dress-up, it's not there yet.  It has yet to even offer any terrain but grassy hills..."
,Not Recommended,224500,30111224,Posted: 22 February,all,Baphomet,"Gnomoria was a “best effort” at making a more easily accessible clone of Dwarf Fortress that unfortunately falls flat on its face due to lack of developer support and the clunky isometric view that makes doing things like building vertical stair columns really awkward.It’s hard to argue in favor of this game when alternatively, you could go download Dwarf Fortress with a tile set for free and just watch a few tutorial videos to learn the ropes."
,Not Recommended,224500,24840600,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,Some kind of a Gentleman,"Decent, But now abandoned"
,Recommended,224500,7970869,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Crash,"When I saw this game I judged it as being ""cheap and ugly"".  I ended up playing Craft The World and was strangly addicted.  Which (long story short) caused me to pick this up because of the command and build aspect.  I now play this over every game I own, very fun and worth the price :D"
,Recommended,224500,28675569,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,elijahjns,"This game is way to hard to learn.  It's difficult after you learn but it's fun.  I played a lot of this game.  Prolly not as much as the games says because I tend to leave games on overnight idling.There's a lot of fun while you're learning how to play.  It's lots of fun to build a great fort and hone you game.All that said, the dev did for whatever reason give up on the game.  The hopes for this game were prolly always out of reach but there's not really enough different types of baddies to fight.  Apples and oranges are the same thing in this game!  Yes, the iconic comparison to show how different things are are actually the same thing in this game.  The spawning of some of them is nonsensical.I can look passed all that and recommend you get this game on sale."
,Recommended,224500,23974503,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Audish,"Ever heard of a little game called Dwarf Fortress? It cast a long shadow for a one-man ASCII project, but if you could get past the atrocious interface it was a bewilderingly deep fantasy sim. Unique projects like that tend to attract imitators, and that's where we get Gnomoria from. But don't write that off as a bad thing just yet, because there's plenty of room to fiddle with the original formula.Gnomoria plops you in the middle of the wilderness with a band of eight stubby settlers and a few supplies. From this humble beginning it's up to you to help your little friends find food, shelter, and purpose in life. There are extensive commands to have them effect change in the world around them, including numerous digging options, room designations, workshop placements, and foraging orders. You might notice there are no direct movement or action commands, and that's because everything in this style of sim is treated like an open order. When you mark walls to be tunneled through, one of your gnomes that can mine and has nothing better to do will scoot over and start tunneling for you.You have further control over the order system by assigning jobs to your petite populace. There are several roles like Woodsman and Miner that can be further customized with granular tasks like ""hauling wood"" or ""stonecarving"", giving you full control over the workday. Of course, your gnomes will wander off to find food or drink or catch a nap if their needs persist, but they tend to be diligent enough in their tasks to not cause any headaches.What WILL cause you headaches is the steep learning curve in Gnomoria. I know all of this sounds simple thus far, but the amount of production systems to come to grips with is staggering. The number of workshops alone is utterly gobsmacking, including professions like bone carving and weaving. Production chains can be frustratingly complex, and the best example of this is making a single bed. A bed is made from a frame and a mattress at a carpentry workshop. The frame is made from planks cut at the sawmill from logs felled outside. The mattress is made from cloth woven by your tailor, using cotton grown on a farm and a bone needle from your bone carver obtained by slaughtering animals. Thus to make a single bed, you need four different workshops processing goods from forests, farms, and livestock.There are helpful tooltips that will explain where to get component materials, at least, and if you have all the workshops set up then materials will be auto-queued when ordering a finished product. Little quality of life features like this help make Gnomoria easier to come to grips with, but it's still very much a game that requires a wiki. A tutorial walking you through the foundations of production would be a godsend, and it's a shame that will likely never happen.You'll run into other difficulties like trying to dig stairs and ramps in the chunky isometric interface, or rooms not functioning and not really getting any feedback why. However, I maintain that there's enough charm and variety to keep you pushing through the rough spots. You are given impressive reign to tunnel and build as you see fit, and sprawling underground kingdoms are not out of the question. It never quite reaches the bar set by Dwarf Fortress, as you don't have a wider world to explore past your immediate map and your gnomes don't have the psychotically detailed personalities of DF inhabitants, but the accessibility goes a long way towards balancing that out. Gnomoria makes a great entry point for this particular brand of ultra-detailed sim, with enough features and polish to keep you digging for hours.Did you enjoy this review? I certainly hope so, and I certainly hope you'll check out more of them athttps://goldplatedgames.com/or on mycuration page!"
,Recommended,224500,33147466,Posted: 2 July,all,Neschalk,"Most people say it's buggy.  It's not. If you want to say this is buggy,  cite a damn example.Overall:  Very playable and feels more complete than others will give credit."
76561198163838125,Recommended,224500,31964986,Posted: 25 May,all,Sigmar,"Gnomoria is a very unique game. Its a game that you can play for a dozen hours, then simply just walk away. But you always come back. I have had the game for less then 6 months and have already 332 hours invested. You can plan out your buildings on a CAD system, or just gather ideas from the internet. Yes the devs abandoned it, but you can still reap hours of enjoyment out of it thanks to a wonderful modding community."
76561198390925375,Not Recommended,224500,34785697,Posted: 6 September,all,skelotorghostsniper,"Game is unfinished, animations are trash, which in such a graphically simple game should be very easy to do. No tutorial, plays badly, no real objectives a messed up camera system, and terrible/boring mechanics. This game would be overpriced for $4:99, nevermind 15 dollars. Get something like Factorio instead, which gives you all the basebuilding you want and more along with multiplayer."
76561197991230661,Not Recommended,224500,30456201,Posted: 11 March,all,DeAurion,"At some point in the past I binge played Dwarf Fortress, enjoying the experience as far as the interface and graphics would allow. Seeing Gnomoria I had high hopes that this would be more or less the same game but with a more tolerable interface and graphics.Starting out, the game seemed solid. The interface is better, if still far from perfect, the graphics are tolerable and everything seemed fine at first.Similar to Dwarf Fortress you will fail a couple of times before you get the balance and learn what to build in which order. Pretty soon you realize that the game is a lot shallower than Dwarf Fortress however (for better and worse). Less to build, less to manage, less “to do”.This would be an okay game with a potential for many hours’ enjoyment, if it was not for the HORRIBLE PERFORMANCE BUGS. The developers have failed at the implementation of the AI/pathfinding to the point where a game with as few as 20 dwarfs/gnomes can become unplayable even on high end hardware.Prepare to lose your colony to the “performance death” (e.g. if you happen to block the path of attackers or your dwarfs) long before you reach the “end game”. The UI becomes less responsive and over a few minutes the game slows to a freeze. No error message or crash, just a freeze that cannot be avoided or recovered.  Do not get me wrong, there are plenty of crashes too, but those are recoverable. But once your colony has started to freeze, you can only start over. Until it happens again.Do not waste your time on this game. It will only bring you frustration and disappointment. What a shame./DeAurion"
,Recommended,224500,12255077,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Mr. pouding,I ordered a gnome to dig a hole and die in it and he did.most awesome game ever
,Recommended,224500,32826630,Posted: 26 June,all,s0ra,"The majority of the negative reviews state that the game was never finished. This is not the case. The developer released the game as feature complete after he met all of the goals he started out with. It's not fair to review a game negatively if this was the case. We should not review the game negatively based only on this aspect which is overlooked.Gnomoria was not meant to have all the intricate features found in Dwarf Fortress, for example (which people thought this would be compared to). Yes, it's very light on personality, it does feel empty sometimes but the gameplay is solid and addicting. For anyone still interested in this game, they should check out Ingnomia, whch is a rework of the original game:https://www.reddit.com/r/ingnomia/"
76561198034294181,Not Recommended,224500,21654966,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,cetrei,"My king and half of the army decided to take a nice, long, nap in their shiny armor while goblin raiders killed the other half of the army. Why? Because you can't wake a gnome up by... shaking him or tapping him. You need a bell.Edit: Got a bell. Tried sounding the alarm with out enemies. Took some one three hours to do it, but after no one would leave the great hall to sound all clear after that, so they permanently stayed in the great hall.Full game my♥♥♥♥♥Edit 2: Most jobs don't require tools, so I decided to make almost everybody a permanent soldier and keep weapons and armor on them on all times. Why not? After all, my kingdom was themed after Rome, with all its marble and long noble titles. But apparantly, if everyone is a soldier, then the moment someone sees a bear or lizard minding its own business they'll drop everything and bum♥♥♥♥ charge the thing. Simply because they never bothered to put in a system where you can just avoid certain enemies. Also, I've had seven gnomes die in one battle because half the army left to get a drink."
,Recommended,224500,11941733,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Kurosauce,"Has alpacas, 10/10."
,Recommended,224500,13957306,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Cain,Watched my alpaca get stabbed to death by goblins.10/10
,Recommended,224500,12524890,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Amorandron,Awesome game
,Recommended,224500,11775851,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Mon Sewer,"This game is fun enough, but the learning curve is super steep. There's no tutorial, so expect to dig into Youtube and/or the Steam community for how-to videos if you want to do even the most basic of tasks, like making a farm or building a wall. Once you have a handle on things, it's entertaining, but if you want something you can jump right in and play, this is not the game for you."
76561198044056040,Recommended,224500,7771030,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Vari,"A lot of people consider this to be 'Dwarf Fortress Lite' - and the description is at least relatively accurate. While it doesn't have anywhere near the depth or personality of DF, it does have plenty to keep you entertained, and more on the way. If you've always wanted to get into something like DF, but couldn't because of the complexities of it, Gnomoria is definitely worth a look. Even if you've never heard of DF, if you like simulation games, you should check this one out. Worth every penny and more."
76561198071974996,Recommended,224500,10770961,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Eriktheread,Think Dwarf Fortress with minecraft style graphics. Strangely addictive early access city builder. Lots and lots of fun.
76561197981843900,Recommended,224500,33732795,Posted: 22 July,all,lyzzard,"Love the game. The mods aren't a necessity, but they make it a lot more fun to play. I wish I hadn't lost all my saves, that part sucked, but it wasn't the games fault!"
,Not Recommended,224500,35203549,Posted: 25 September,all,SJ136,Abandoned development by the devs.
,Not Recommended,224500,35158905,Posted: 23 September,all,Angus,It looks like the game is abandoned
76561198071613923,Recommended,224500,8896457,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Elfions,"Probably one of best games for me, I've always liked the concept of Dwarf fortress, but the looks of the game have always terrified me. getting this game was probably one of best ideas I've had! Although with weaker systems you can have problems once you grow your empire large enough."
76561198049007407,Recommended,224500,8375076,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Tjsoup,It may not seem like it at first but this game is great!real fun game only down side is there is no tutorial but non the less it is an amazing game once you get into it.Worth the buy.
76561198121752988,Recommended,224500,33057338,Posted: 30 June,all,morriskend,"this is a great game sure, the dev didn't get to implement all that he wanted to but, it's a lot of fun and very re-playable."
76561198058335119,Recommended,224500,22477259,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,Sean Wagemans,The gateway drug to dwarf fortress.
,Recommended,224500,1578030,"Posted: 15 May, 2013",all,Highwang,http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SP24_Ex1ZQk
76561197968052198,Not Recommended,224500,22130480,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,kumquats,"This is a great game that I very much enjoy.  Unfortunately it has been released as 1.0 with far too many extant bugs and missing content (i.e. 'Armor' skill does nothing, at all)  for it to be a 1.0 release.  As such I cannot reccommend this game despite my enjoyment.  I expect that the minimum of content will be modded into the game with the workshop however the number and frequency of bugs make this game frustrating to play for any length of time.  Me review is a dissapointed ""No"" for this game due to playability, and nothing else."
76561197993643809,Recommended,224500,22901770,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,Cardboard Decoy,"I haven't really played since mods were allowed but I will say if you liked Dwarf Fortress but hated the excessive granularity of it, then this is the perfect streamlined experience of that. Of course, streamlining something like Dwarf fortress is a little bit of a complicated proposal, but Gnomoria does an excellent job of being infinitely more approachable, at the very least."
76561198062358574,Recommended,224500,12885475,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Lavinathael,"Addictive.I start this game up to play for an hour or two, and end up spending 4+ hours in it per sitting.10/10 Would lose track of time again."
,Recommended,224500,21511610,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,pumaFGT,"Came in expecting Dwarf Fortress Lite, got Dwarf Fortress Lite. Everything I could want and more without getting over-the-top complicated. Worth the purchase to support the small development team."
,Recommended,224500,8950352,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,SwarmUlleh,I don't remember buying this game.
,Recommended,224500,21043393,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,flux.faraday,"740 hrs.  Good game.You direct, the gnomes do the work.  Has lots in common with Dwarf Fortress, Towns, Craft The World, Timber and Stone, Stonehearth.  Check this out if you liked any of those."
76561198014276784,Recommended,224500,7880665,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,stephen,"Addictive. Really, really addictive. There's active development, with little bumps in improvement all the time. There's also an active community (both on and off Steam) to help with questions."
,Recommended,224500,10587143,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Z҉A҉L҉G҉O̚̕̚,Build things with gnomes!
76561198000803130,Recommended,224500,8263750,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,LeafyMoon,its pretty fun
76561197970748244,Recommended,224500,8488441,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,ZZEZ,"A Dwarf Fortress clone, a proper one, yes."
,Recommended,224500,8871467,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Jingo,"This game.. where to start.. I love it, the ability to reshape the land to your liking is grand, and if that wasn't great enough, they made an option to input your own seed, and create your own world, this option gives me unlimited possibilities, inside the world, you control a group of gnomes, who can create absolute wonders for you, starting from making holes in the earth and chopping down trees, to building the largest fortress in Gnomoria, anything and everything is possible, you just need to know where to start.10/10"
76561198035622077,Recommended,224500,10084728,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,legowaldo1,"Gnomoria is a game for the people who want to play Minecraft in a RTS setting. Its like an easier Dwarf Fortress, but with graphics. Even so, its by no means easy, just easier. Your first colony will die, and so will your second, and probably your third. But each time its something different, something that was just out of balance this time, but wasn't last time. But you start again, because its not about the destination, its about the journey. Plus you get to complain to all your friends who have no idea what is going on about how your entire colony was overrun by a zombie infection, or starved to death in the dead of winter, or was obliterated by a swarm of Mants. And then next time, you won't that mistake. Gnomoria is easily one of the best purchases I've ever made."
76561197984082091,Recommended,224500,8386486,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Stickman,"A very promising sandbox game that's currently in beta. There's no tutorial at the time of this writing, but there's a wiki out there with enough information to get started and plenty of guides on Steam. If you're not up for a read, which you probably are if you're browsing recommendations, then you can still jump in and explore. The controls are intuitive enough to go through a lot of the basics."
76561198042249578,Recommended,224500,18323308,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Foxer,"Strategic, City Management, Sandbox, simulation, survival, fish watching* style, replayable fantasie game where your imagination is the limit of the creations the gnomes are making for you (who said GodGame).Gnomoria is a Jewel made certainly by a crazy genus, and he made a beautifull child really.Don't buy Gnomoria because of the graphics they are cute but far away from big production 30h playtime game.Buy this game because he has a soul by the right complexity, the mechanismes that lead you to discover the fun of it even after 100(0) hours of play.The begining is hard as you need to learn the basics, but after that all is fun.* The game run alone on the PC almost all the time, that making my pc the nest for my personnal virtual little world...Cheers The GnomesPersonnal recommandation to Langus : ""Stop playing with lava, you gonna die.. again ..."""
76561198100606283,Recommended,224500,10623282,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Smitty Werbanjagermanjensen,"Whenever something happens in the game, you have a complete log of it written somewhere. A goat can lose its head, then in response die from it.Would recommend for the lulz overall."
76561198000916032,Recommended,224500,8812538,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Mumboejumboh,"Gnomes.  Everywhere, gnomes.  This game is frankly amazing for an early access product.  It has a rather solid development rate and offers up so much content for a management style game.  Learning the ropes is a daunting task but an investment in reading through in-game information is all you need to get started...and that's simply part of why this game holds its own so well.  I've invested over a hundred hours in this game at time of posting and I'm liable to invest a hundred more.  The frustrations of the game's innate challenges only seek to spur me on and drive me to build my kingdoms bigger and better.  I can't promise you so many hours of fun, but if this style of game is your bag then the $8 price won't break your wallet."
76561198027895010,Recommended,224500,8776934,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Rutni the Dwarf,"If the idea behind Dwarf Fortress ever appealed to you but the ASCII graphics were a turn-off, then this is the game for you. There are still many differences between the two games, namely that Gnomoria doesn't quite have the same level of content that Dwarf Fortress offers, but then Gnomoria is also still in early access and still recieving updates.If you're not aware of what either of the above games are, you are essentially put in charge of a group of gnomes and must see to their survival by building a settlement.  Instead of controlling things directly, you assign tasks and the appropriate workers carry them out.  The entire thing plays out as a sort of checklist: You want this, so to get this you must make that which requires the other thing.  Because of this, the game starts out a bit slow but it definitely picks up later on once all the workshops are set up.Now, I've mentioned Dwarf Fortress several times which may seem a bit unfair to just compare Gnomoria to another game, but the style of gameplay is exactly the same.  Aside from the difference in graphics, Gnomoria definitely improves on what Dwarf Fortress lacked in approachability.  The UI is a big improvement and makes things very easy to understand due to working off of lists and menus as opposed to exclusively hotkeys.  Gnomoria still has a bit of a ways to go to be considered ""approachable"", however due to the lack of a tutorial of any kind but as I said previously the basics should be easy enough to understand for a new player if they take the time to skim through the different menus.Overall I have to say I really do like Gnomoria for giving an old favorite game of mine a bit of spit and polish.  I'd recommend it to any fans of city-builders. Especially those that love heavy resource management."
,Recommended,224500,8794952,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Redlyfs,Spent hundreds of hours. And it's still early access! Loving it!
76561198061650067,Recommended,224500,12880339,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Oplindenfep,"NEW: Gnome just died of thirst because he dug himself into a hole and refused to dig himself out... because he was thirsty. Survival of the fittest strikes again!Good game. Like people have said; it's Dwarf Fortress lite. Use this to expand onto that, and you'll be fine. As this is though... there's not a lot of depth.And... I don't know if it's unoptimized or something, but I'm getting some pretty bad lag on my glorious desktop that can run the Total War series on high settings with huge battles and the Crysis games on high settings...Seriously, the lag confuses me."
,Recommended,224500,4670266,"Posted: 8 May, 2013",all,Saint Jiub,GET THIS
,Recommended,224500,11435937,"Posted: 27 July, 2014",all,Nialscorva,"Yes, it's very much like Dwarf Fortress, and that's a good thing.  Novelty becomes ""clones"" becomes ""genres"", and genres can only flourish when there's diversity and experimentation.  Gnomoria hits all the right notes, is very approachable, and is a great addition to the genre to burn a few dozen hours on.  Worth buying at full price and a complete no-brainer purchase on sale."
,Recommended,224500,10210051,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Apple,"To make it quick, you manage a logarithmicly increasing amount of gnomes. You assign tasks to be done and hopefully one of your gnomes will do it. There are enemies, mechanics, pretty deep smelting and metal systems, farming, and pets. It's watered down Dwarf Fortress.Its a great game."
,Recommended,224500,10212259,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,K.L. Starr,"I can't even describe how amazing this game is. For being early access, it's incredibly bug free too (except for some that can be easily fixed by deconstructing the workshop and reconstructing it). With bi-weekly updates, I can see this game getting a lot of content, and I'm really excited for it.BYE IT NAOW."
76561198058578811,Recommended,224500,10217778,"Posted: 24 May, 2014",all,Sheev Palpatine,"It looks basic and boring looking but my god this is truley a addictive game the mechanics of this game are quite hard to get used to seeing there is no tutorial for Newbies but once you get used to it, it is quite hard to put down or walk away from 97 hours and counting :D"
76561198074870632,Recommended,224500,10862110,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,mattbug21,"I bought this game on sale expecting something to sink maybe 20 hours into at the most and then never play again. Now at about 7 months later, I have over 260 hours into it. The game is addicting, and the developer is fantastic at putting out updates, and even better at putting fixes out if something should break. I highly suggest that you throw your money at the screen. NOW!"
,Recommended,224500,10194632,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,onealmond,A very addictive resource management/ empire building game.Very difficult to master... you'll find yourself swearing at your gnomes half the time for bieng dumb and then realize you were to blame for their deaths... oh and expect a lot of gnomes to die.
,Recommended,224500,8703999,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,pirhotoe,"This game is awesome. It takes some getting used to, and it could probably use a tutorial, but it became incredibly addicting once I got the basics down. At this stage in beta there are very few bugs and it feels like a complete game. I cannot wait to see what they add to it before release."
,Recommended,224500,8486401,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,MetalTorsion,"Horrendously addictive. The early access status shows, but it's not so prolifically pre-alpha as some games that dare to charge you money. While somewhat difficult to start with as you figure out what's going on, it’s not overly complicated. This has what Anno2070 lacks. Soul. Every gnome counts and you’ll find yourself grimacing as the limp body of yet another fallen gnome civilian, viciously slain by goblins, is carried away by his comrades. Your rag tag band of little survivors soldier on with missing eyes, and legs. Scarred and worn, often collapsing of exhaustion, they build on; improving defences and economy so that no further comrades fall victim to the bleak winter where nothing grows, or the vicious mountain bears waiting to pounce on unsuspecting apple pickers."
76561197980523260,Recommended,224500,12675182,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Stone_Templar,"Simplistic dwarf fortress clone you say? Well.... yeah maybe. But it does it well. Makes it easy to move around, see, build and change your fortress.All in all? Awesome and worth it, if you like/love building castles. Takes no time at all to learn and get into it and I'm assuming in the future the potential is unlimited for new objects, stones, animals, etc."
,Recommended,224500,8560649,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,PvtSandvich,All my Gnomes bled to death because the guy making bandages went to sleep.
,Recommended,224500,10513504,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Ryan Dorkoski,"Gnomoria is literally perfect. I have played ~80 hours of Dwarf Fortress and loved it, but Gnomovia is a perfect mix of DF and GUI. I think I have dumped more hours into Gnomoria than any other single game in the last year or so (other than perhaps Minecraft).The price is honestly too low - and updates are still rolling in. This is an instant classic. I should also mention that the music is 10/10 super good."
,Recommended,224500,10258805,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,10Snipershot,This game is in EARLY ACCESS??? Well♥♥♥♥♥♥ i would of never known if i didn't recheck the store page. Why? Because this game is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing and is WELL worth your money...why are you even reading this...GO BUY THE DAMNED GAME.
,Recommended,224500,10262756,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Thantos,"Amazing Game! It takes time to learn what you need to survive, but 200+ hours in and I can finally keep a pop of 30 alive into year 3.Time waster and a good one."
,Recommended,224500,11266062,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Meadhands,"Gnomoria is an isometric civilization builder. It is clear that Gnomoria is heavily influenced by (because saying 'steals from' is frowned upon) the incredibly popular but also incredibly difficult and intimidating game Dwarf Fortress (which I also love) but makes it more user-friendly and forgiving.The game can be both brutally punishing and immensely rewarding. Playing your first game will end in inevitable death, probably during the first enemy invasion or your first winter. It is to be expected. As you gradually push further and further with each new civilization you found, you become more attuned to the importance of certain resources and the nuance of city design. Finding ways to optimize building and planning are not taught to you by the game, but learned through bloody trial-and-error. Six or seven games, you'll find your stockpiles bursting before the start of your first winter and the initial goblin invasion cute at best.Gnomoria is a game where you need to be willing to fail (and fail hard), but also be ready—perhaps even eager—to try again. You'll reach a point where all of your gnomes have tasted delicious goblin sausage and are waiting, steel armor and swords gleaming in the summer sun, sweating with anticipation at the next attack, ready for their next meal to charge into battle with them like the little monsters they are.I should point out that your gnomes are the monsters in the scenario, not the goblins, and you will be proud of them for it."
,Recommended,224500,11925461,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Garnet,Absolutely fantastic.
76561198071916726,Recommended,224500,10440566,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Glavenus1,Just amazing. I can't stop playing it. I highly recomend it if you like dwarf fortress but find it a little to difficult
,Recommended,224500,7701252,"Posted: 19 November, 2013",all,BRAK (ง°ل͜°)ง BABALITY,"first hour was confusing and horrible the next 30 have been greatedit: updates are now months apart and it may never leave early access. there's enough here to qualify as a full game, though. still reccomend it for the asking price of 5 to 10."
,Recommended,224500,10419394,"Posted: 10 June, 2014",all,I AM THE LAW,"Urgh, you wont dislike the game if you are into city building and managing the people in your city...get this game if you cant handle the fact that dwarf fortess has little options for graphics or is too complex for you.  If you havent heard of dwarf fortress and you like this game, search for it in google and download it from bay12 for free."
,Recommended,224500,9356928,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Ayelin,"I loved playing Gnomoria, until a zombie infestation wiped my whole population. I will play again, just have not made peace with the fact that I lost my kingdom because of ONE zombie that contaminated ALL of my gnomes."
,Recommended,224500,8576735,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,wilpig,While still quite buggy and the interface has some refinement needed this has been a lot of fun and only slightly frustrating.  I wish it was available on Mac and Linux as well though.
,Recommended,224500,13502068,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Ickthedeadlyfish,"A bit of a stiff learning curve compared to most games (which I like, no babying), but this game is very addictive and fund. Even when things go poorly for me in game I still want to play more.Just make sure you go into the audio settings and turn on Ochestral music rather than the default."
,Recommended,224500,10204522,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Ogachi,"Dwarf Fortress: LiteDwarf Fortress: AccessibleDwarf Fortress: JuniorDwarf Fortress: GraphicsBut really, if you are interested in the Dwarf Fortress concept but couldn't get into it or perhaps are a veteran of Dwarf Fortress and would like something a little different, this game is an excellent way to spend you time. Worth the $8. Then go play actual Dwarf Fortress."
,Recommended,224500,12021799,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,BassDropsYou,"Great game, little bit of a steep learning curve but a blast."
,Recommended,224500,11850258,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Brody,"Casual version of Dwarf Fortress that seems to lack some of the finer mechanics. I feel like there needs to be a triple speed function instead of just normal and 2x. Your gnomes won't really think of using other workshops if you build them after starting an order and they usually try to make everything out of wood. The mason shop will sit empty as they furiously use one carpenter bench to fill out an order for 8 chairs and tables. The UI is pretty good, only thing that bothered me was you can't right click for orders when you're highlighting a stockpile. Combat is alright but you have to manually access the event logs to read the fight details in a tiny window. Overall a pretty solid game if you can't get into DF because of its interface."
76561198023403802,Recommended,224500,11611793,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,BLONK,It's like Minecraft combined with SimAnt. So much fun!
76561198062926125,Recommended,224500,11718040,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,TheRose202,"Basically a less complex Dwarf Fortress with tiles and audio, but still fun."
76561198021344675,Recommended,224500,8583864,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Malikaia,"Amazing game, especially if you like dwarf fortress."
,Recommended,224500,8540332,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Laonious,Hits the same sweet spot of creativity and base-building that minecraft does without the tedium of mining it yourself!
,Recommended,224500,12115724,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Zero-Sum,"Gnomoria is a surprisingly fun and addictive game. If you've ever been curious about Dwarf Fortress, but were intimidated by the lack of UI and graphics, Gnomoria is a fantastic game to jump into. Orders you give to your gnomes will be followed according to the guidelines you set. You do not directly control them, but you affect how they behave by determining the gnome's professions, priorities,  and other parameters you impose. It becomes an extremely fun balancing act of figuring out exactly how to acheive true efficiency while also struggling to plan ahead. The more expansive and 'worthy' your empire becomes, the greater dangers arrive to destroy it. It takes hours to finally feel like you've gotten a foothold in the world you've generated, but when you do, you feel a great sense of pride in what your tiny gnome society has accomplished.The only gripes I would have would be the lack of variety in environments as well as the flora and fauna. New biomes as well as new animals and trees would make this game way more replayable. Also, this game has no form of tutorial so the learning curve is quite steep. It took me 3 different restarts before I fully understood the importance of key aspects of the game like action priorities, training a strong military, and proper item storage to name a few. The wiki and video tutorials should definitely be used when first starting off. Beyond that, the game is definitely worth the eight dollar inevestment and is worth your time. If you've ever been inquisitive about these types of strategy games, Gnomoria is a charming and enjoyable place to start."
76561198082622857,Recommended,224500,14002960,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,narmophin,"Well. As you can see I have a Gnome problem.Updates are always on the way. The community is active and great. (The actual game forum, not sure about Steam's). The developer is really working to make a spectacular game.It's horrifying to watch goblins and two-headed ogres stomp through your entire army, only to bleed to death, and you survived with two gnomes. But it's so gratifying to see all the new recruits so you can fix the mistakes and try again.This game made me interested in trying Dwarf Fortress. This game makes me wish Dwarf Fortress was Gnomoria. I can't wait to see how far along Gnomoria goes. I'll be watching the entire time."
76561198010246076,Recommended,224500,14106017,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Wolfgang,"This the best version of what I'd call an ""Accessible Dwarf Fortress"".Pros:Relatively easy to pick up and learn.  The wiki helps.In depth terrain generation controlsFairly intuitive controls (could be better, but far better than some that come to mind)Very nice isometric graphicsCons:This game (especially early on) has a lot of waiting, but that sort of comes with this genre of games.  The fastest you can move time forward is 2x speed.Music is repetitive.  Some sounds can be particularly jarring or otherwise seem to clash with the game's atmosphere.No combat animations.  Unless you pause the game very frequently during fighting to check the gnomes' health it can be difficult to tell if a battle between your gnomes and an enemy is going poorly or not.For all the DF-likes I've seen on Steam, this one is the best."
,Recommended,224500,15467139,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,XxBlAzExX01,"Amazing Game, Dwarf Fortress Like, But, With Graphics and UI, very userfriendly!A lot of free creative potencial!What Your Waiting For?!Become a Gnome OverLord NOW! x)"
76561198039804716,Recommended,224500,11060929,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Mobile Battle Elcor,"Honey Badger slaughtered half of my population. 11/10.But in all seriousness, it's a fun game.The amount of options you have before you as far as create and manipulate is wide and varied. The controls are good (the U.I. is a little clunky, but very workable). It's an all-around fun, challenging, frustrating experience that I'm already hooked on.The only issue is a few minor problems with actions being performed in the order you want them or some of your commands being ignored, but most of these can easily be resolved.I would highly recommend that people that enjoy games like minecraft or terraria and are interested in a top-down god-game with a similar feel try this game out. Just make sure you look over a few tutorials and have the wiki handy."
76561198038660269,Not Recommended,224500,19866202,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,mickthathick,"It's an awesome game, but saves randomly become corrupted which really makes you have not a good time.I have finally said goodbye to a game I really loved today, as my latest save just became unplayable at Year 10 for some unknown reason.It's a sad finish to a game I have had had a lot of fun playing, unfortunately the game becomes unplayable the longer you spend in each world."
,Recommended,224500,8023813,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,meauxdal,"Update 7/16/16: Ultimately not deep enough and not enough updates to properly provide an answer to Dwarf-Fortress-but-more-acessible. Try Banished.Delightful take on the Dwarf Fortress idea. More visually stimulating and accessible, this game is a lot less daunting than its obvious inspiration. More content still being added regularly. Highly recommended."
76561197998776029,Recommended,224500,33914428,Posted: 30 July,all,[18nd AD] KIAD,"It's big fun to play tgis game BUT it is abandoned by developers. So no updates or fixes, jsut what they left. Basically it is pretty fun to see your little town/bunker/whatever growing and surviving through years. It is classical build strategy game where you manage resources, people and other stuff. Fun for me, but little dissapointed by developers.+Retro style+Good strategy+Building system-Developers-Fun for limited time-Music"
,Recommended,224500,12933910,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Gene Parmesan,I divorced my wife and left my kids so I can spend more time playing this amzing game. I love it.
76561197985700639,Recommended,224500,18388126,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Canek,"So, starting with the obvious: you might heard or know of another game called Dwarf Fortress. This is indeed very similar, yet it's very worth your time in its own. Think of this as DF a hundred times more relaxed and less complex, but a thousand times prettier. I would call it a friendlier Dwarf Fortress.Now, if you really don't know anything about either game, this is a management / sandbox game. You start with a crew of settler gnomes, and that's pretty much it; you're thrown into the wild and after that it depends on you; these gnomes can and will use materials around them at your command, build structures as complex as you can imagine, fight your battles and of course, deplete your alcohol and foods. Doing these simple things plus all the intrincate delicacies will take most of your time, and as you expect from any good game... you won't know how much time you have sunk in here.10/10"
76561197962100857,Recommended,224500,15396022,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,six-P-,"UPDATE: With Dwarf fortress newest release 42.05, it really blows Gnomoria out of the water in terms of depth. Still recommended, just less so. I've probably spent 2-3 times the hours played in Dwarf fortress than Gnomoria since I last wrote the Gnomoria review, so I definitely prefer DF.If you loved Dwarf Fortress, but wish it was just a little easier on the interface and the eyes, look no further than Gnomoria.Gnomoria vs. Dwarf Fortress Comparison:Interface: Average versus Horrible.Graphics: Average versus Horrible.Overall Depth: Good versus Amazing.Combat Depth: Average versus Great (Upgraded DF's combat depth due to recent release that have mercenaries and more usable war animals).Mechanism/Trap Customization: Average versus AmazingSimulation/Realism: Average versus Amazing.Learning Curve: High versus Colossal. (2 hrs versus 12 hrs)Pacing: Superb versus Good.-----Further comment on pacing: Gnomoria imho has amazing pacing, it takes forever to achieve things in Gnomoria, but it doesn't feel that way until you stare at the clock and realize you just lost 5 hours setting up 5 rooms because of the four intervening goblin raids with Ogre support and food shortage. Yet, you were having a blast and didn't notice how much time went by. This sort of time loss never happens to me these days; it says a lot that this game is able to recreate it."
,Recommended,224500,7340991,"Posted: 8 October, 2013",all,Walter Sobchak,Most addicting game since the original Sim City.  Constantly being updated by its developer and cheaply priced.
,Recommended,224500,11159923,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Stubborn Deer,"Do YOU enjoy planning massive and well thought out underground structures and then watching the people supposed to be buliding them instead hauling dirt back and forth?Do YOU enjoy building a hospital only to find out that your gnomes are all hemophiliacs and don't have any bandages and the only way they can get them is if they make bolts of cloths and then get A TAILOR to ♥♥♥♥ing cut them up all special like and THAT THERE IS NO POINT IN HAVING A HOSPITAL?Well this is the game for you ♥♥♥♥nuts, this is the game for you.You can attempt to light up an area you've just mined to stop golem from spawning and then have the gnomes instead HAUL DIRT AND STONE BACK AND FORTH FOR DAYS AND WHEN THEY FINALLY GET TO IT, IT TAKES AS LONG TO BUILD ONE TORCH AS IT DOES TO MAKE A CABINET.Ok but to be serious, this game is basically low tech dwarf fortress with a VERY tolerable GUI.6/10 in comparrison to dwarf fortress,7/10 just by itself."
76561197975419605,Recommended,224500,28647211,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Handbanana,"Wonderful game. Not as buggy as many reviews indicate. I would consider the game complete, it has plenty of content to stand on its own. Once you master the game plenty of mods can expand the game even further."
,Recommended,224500,10551030,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Ivan The Remover,What is this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t there are no gardens in this game where am I supposed to put my gnomes
,Recommended,224500,5213648,"Posted: 6 June, 2013",all,Sheep™,Lovely little sandbox game. Also very frustrating. And addictive
,Recommended,224500,9016723,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Wao,"Mants, wild animals and forts made of dirt this game has art by Rhopunzel (sorry about spelling wrong :P) and amazing art that is . but the thing that made me love this game is everything, its just plain fun.8/10"
76561198042087760,Recommended,224500,9057256,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Paragon,Very fun and provide hours of fun times if you enjoy the building type of games.
76561197985367998,Recommended,224500,8650816,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Death Dealer352,"This is one od those game that can suck you in for hours and hours, and every update make it more fun to play. i never played Dwarf Fortress but i played Towns and Gnomoria beats Towns by far! For example  micromanagement is awesome every single gnome does what you tell him/her to do. Plus for $7.99 its must have in your arsenal of strategies"
,Recommended,224500,8665286,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,[KOR] Jake,"I recommend this game for those searching for a game similar to DF (and a lot of patience). Among indie games, I find this more polished and fun than others. Recently, I've seen many early access games on managing a town/castle like this but Gnomoria is the one that has basic features implented for now.Gnomoria is also quite challenging, 45 hours of playtime is merely at the stage of grasping the basics of this game. For me, it took 5 hours to understand digging and building, 10 more hours to understand creating items and extra 25 to know I was doing it all wrong.On the other hand, this game is rather unfriendly; no tutorials, no explanation except a little bit of text that can be found in Help menu. Around 30-40 different buttons to utilize, yet without any description on what it does. Some are straight forward, setting up a farm area is one. But other buttons such as Dig Stairs Up and Mine Stairs Down may be a little bit confusing combined with 3D textile map in which tiles overlap each other.For those who likes to rage quit or play very casually (playing most games on normal or easy difficulty), Gnomoria is not recommended."
76561198035633018,Recommended,224500,8682774,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,exninja,"This game plays alot like a simplified 3D rendered Dewarf Fortress. I say simplified because the starting supplies and location are pre-defined based on starting conditions when rendering the world. Over-all this is a most interesting game that harkens back to the age old saying of ""loosing is fun."" The richer the gnomes the larger one's workforce becomes and the more likely it becomes that one will be invaded by outside forces."
76561198122156506,Recommended,224500,10165270,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,happinessisadd,I love this game!!  Buy this one!
,Recommended,224500,182113,"Posted: 16 June, 2013",all,Mab,Steep learning curve but it's incredibly addicting once you get rolling.
,Recommended,224500,1302922,"Posted: 11 June, 2013",all,Kenji_03,"Different than dwarf fortress.  Yes, less complex and less to do.  But the difficulty is much higher due to the minecraft style ""enemies spawn in low light"" factor and goblin raids starting before Winter."
76561197989289521,Recommended,224500,8399806,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,G3orge26,"Warning: This game is highly addictive and could cause loss of girlfriend, real life and job. Seriusly now, this game is epic! it never stops to be amusing. Anyone who like towns or dwarf fortress and or (i dare to say) Dungeon keeper will defenitely fall in love with Gnomoria :)"
,Recommended,224500,8472270,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Slyvr,"Brilliant dwarf-fortress type game.  Better than Towns in my opinion, and I've played a ton of each.  As always with games of this type, though, the prioritization of the gnomes' tasks can be a huge pain the♥♥♥♥♥  I find it's easier to focus on accomplishing one main task at a time and distribute their work assignments correctly and constantly"
76561198043888656,Recommended,224500,9106637,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Fuck Trump,Great game very much like Dwarf Fortress. Its more user friendly and but just as stragedy oriented as Dwarf Fortress. Its depth and complexity it quickly being dveloped to be up to par with DF's gameplay and lore.
,Recommended,224500,8265949,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,BILLY MAYS DID $19.99,"THIS REMINDS ME OF THE GREAT TIMES I HAVE IN LAWN ALLIANCE AS A LITTLE GNOME, EXCEPT I CAN DO WHAT I WANT AND ♥♥♥♥ING CURBSTOMP NERDS AND NOT BE BAD"
76561198012822015,Recommended,224500,8302433,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,GM,Gameplay is reminiscent a combination of 1) Final Fantasy IV graphics and music (If you remember gaming in the early 90's) 2) Minecraft resource management and 3) Sim City - city building.Game learning curve is fairly steep and basic aspects of the game are painful to work out at first (such as finding rock) but the effort is rewarded and the game quickly becomes enjoyable and challenging.
76561198016829255,Recommended,224500,8611111,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Ullysses Omega,"Its like Minecraft meets the Sims meets Dwarf Fortress.Resource gathering and crafting like Minecraft.  Dig holes, carve stairs, collect and smelt ores, harvest trees, collect food, create tools, weapons, armor, traps, furniture, and more.You don't do things, you tell your gnomes to do it, kinda like the Sims.  And the best part is, you can set the task or an area of tasks and the best qualified gnome or gnomes will do it.  Clear cut that forest!  Mine that 10 x 24 area!  Make 20 chestplates!  And the more robust your kingdom, the more likely you are to attract more suckers!  Ahem.  Gnomes, more gnomes.Invasions, enemies, death and dismemberment.  The combat logs show quite a bit of data and some rather unexpected things can happen, unexpected and permanent things.So and so slashes the goblin's left arm.  Goblin drops its shield.Goblin stabs past the cuirass, through the chest, through the ribs, and into the heart.  So and so is bleeding.  So and so is dead.Honey Badger bites so and so's leg and tears it off.  So and so lost their left leg. (permanently for now)But dismemberment doesn't mean death, but it does mean limited functionality for your gnome.  Do you let the one legged wonder hobble around and craft in the workshop, leave their job as is and wonder how good a one armed woodsman is, or do you tell them to strip and go attack that bear's stomach from the inside?It might look limiting at first because the surface world doesn't go on seemingly forever like Minecraft, or all that far at all.  However, it does go down quite far (-100 and still digging).  I haven't seen how far myself, but think the Mines of Moria from LoTR.  Yes, treasures can be found deep, but so can other dangers...  Bring lots of torches!Anyway, I've logged roughly 40 or so hours, and even in its rough and unfinished stage, it is a blast that I can't get enough of.  Well worth the investment in this indie title."
76561197993334597,Recommended,224500,8872559,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Alicoman,Very fun game. Definitely recommend it if you are into strategic management style games. Basically a more approachable Dwarf Fortress
,Recommended,224500,8893995,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Arthenius ®©™,"So far so good, im only into it a little ways but after reading some very valuable guides posted by others, i quite enjoy the game. Its challenging to say the least. I play ""A Game of Dwarves"", and ""Terraria"", etc. So this fits right in, but i like all the little features of it for strategizing.Worth the price in my honest opinion."
,Recommended,224500,10183191,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,NamcoBadguy,"Writing as of version 9.11.ROBOTRONIC has created an outstanding city management/survival genre game. i persoanlly think 'ROB' could ship this out as a full release now and continue to implement changes as he see fits. This is by far the best game ive played of this genre. the goals are simple, difficult to master."
,Recommended,224500,8407029,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Salt Factory,"I strongly recommend this game. There are so many possibilities and it's pretty addictive.When I first started playing it, I knew nothing about this game, I never played anything like it (for example Dwarf Fortress) but it seemed interesting. With help of the Gnomoria wiki I now know how to play this game; and it only got better.If you want to find a game that you like as much as you like breathing, buy this one."
,Recommended,224500,3534472,"Posted: 1 April, 2013",all,Stealth,basically DF with a GUI.. Very nice and entertaining game :)
76561198011620981,Recommended,224500,11329107,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Xartavion,"Highly enjoyable, very developed internal economy with the various shops and resources, excellent backwards-compatibility as each update rolls out, too. I haven't had to restart my savegame in a while. Widely adjustable difficulty from zero enemies up to punishing yourself. Excellent interface with fully customizable keybinds. Well-polished visual elements, excellent notification system and a great customizable ""tracked items"" list in the display.In short, the massive leap forward Towns was over Dwarf Fortress was a small step compared to the leap Gnomoria takes forward from Towns."
,Recommended,224500,8931775,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Stage-IV,"This game has opened my eyes to the glory of sandbox civ-builders. I loved minecraft but this just takes it to a new level, I find my self running it on a separate monitor while doing my work or even playing another game. Watching your gnomes go about there buisness in a cave/town that you sketched and they made, its a different feeling than just you doing it. The goblins are aggravating but the combat logs always give me a laugh. *Pro-Tip* Dont fight Monitor Lizards without lots of bandages and proper armor, i've lost to many gnomes to the bane that is unstoppible bleeding."
,Recommended,224500,10922912,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,SirCrowley (Kevin),"No tutorial , good game just REALLY confused on how to do anything. Next update it'd be nice to have one or when it's possible to put one in.."
76561198142024321,Recommended,224500,13622484,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,a young depressed snake,Great game. Takes some time to get used to. Rest in peace to the gnomes you will lose.
,Recommended,224500,8259585,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Barantor,"Slow development cycle, but it is everything I wanted from Dwarf Fortress but less complex. If you like DF but are daunted by it's UI then this might be the game for you."
,Recommended,224500,17622860,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,MuffinManDan,"My gnomes chopped off a skeletons leg, the skeleton then picked up the leg that I had chopped off and proceeded to use it as a weapon. Get this game."
,Recommended,224500,13383712,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Litcube,My *actual* play time is ebarrasing.
76561197976417956,Recommended,224500,8474180,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,DRevD,Dwarf Fortress but with a better lazy newb mod pack. Get this game if you know what that all meant.
,Recommended,224500,17625273,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Powse,"A lighter version of Dwarf fortress which is a lot easier to get into.The game is nicely done even if tagged as Early Access and will provides hours of entertainment,Best 6€ I ever spent!"
,Recommended,224500,3636557,"Posted: 28 June, 2013",all,Moving Target,Fun little game in the vein of Dungeon Keeper and Evil Genius.   Super addictive once you get the hang of it.
,Recommended,224500,8860363,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,PsyonicReaver,"If you liked Dwarf Fortress, you'll love Gnomoria. While not quite at the same level DF is (I mean, DF has been around for years and years) Gnomoria is well on it's way to achieving the same level of awesomeness. If you like controlling little people, this is the game for you."
76561198010479045,Recommended,224500,2649021,"Posted: 1 August, 2013",all,Peter Pan,"A nice indie game that has not yet reached it's full potential but has me engrossed in it for 100 hours already.Gnomoria has been closely linked to dwarf fortress, and is in the same genre as minecraft and terraria where you build blocks out of resources like dirt, stone and metal.You lead a group of gnomes to forge your own empire, harvesting resources and constructing buildings while fighting off various enemies.At this time Gnomoria isn't finished but it is a steal at it's current price of US$8. Wait for a sale and it will go lower."
,Recommended,224500,5536600,"Posted: 31 August, 2013",all,ERAT,"Great game, but the learning curve is very large. Watching videos, though will help a lot."
76561198078942544,Recommended,224500,11116977,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Sixxed,"A gnome I named after myself chopped off a goblins leg. The goblin then picked up his own leg, and beat ""me"" to death with it. 10/10"
,Recommended,224500,8357652,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Generalryan,Awesome game just needs to kink out some bugs :)
,Recommended,224500,12168700,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Lowne,Fun little game!  It starts off easy and ramps up in difficulty a little bit as it goes along but not so much that it beats you down.  If you enjoy games like Towns then you'll like Gnomoria just as much if not more.I recommend taking your time for your first couple of maps by deselecting some of the enemies in the creation screen.  This will allow you to get your feet wet without being frustrated.
,Recommended,224500,12850053,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Toya,It still needs polish even if it has been on early access for like 2 years. still what is done is so much fun. they update often and the updates arent pointless but really do address the issues that need to be address. if you like building games it's very much worth the 8 bucks. it's very slow paced so be ready for that. still once you get everything set up the way you like it is shockingly satisfying
,Recommended,224500,11543274,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Potassium,"Urist McDrunkbeard tore a goblin's arm off, picked it up and killed him with it.10/10"
,Recommended,224500,10693005,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,HamSandwich,"get to play god with gnomes. i locked one out and let him die to goblins just for the fun of it.seriously great game, 11/10"
,Recommended,224500,11543553,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,SirArchdukeEsq,I played this game before i got it on Steam and recently downloded it for Steam. Its basically DF (Dwarf Fortress) with a better user interface and texures. I give this 9/10
76561198055506429,Recommended,224500,8255784,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,MagnaFlux,this game is the♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,224500,11798848,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Phicksur,"This is a thinking game.You play the 'overseer' of a band of gnomes. You cannot control the actions of the gnomes directly, you have to assign tasks and the gnomes will complete them in order, based on the priority of their occupation and the priority of the workspace, both of which can be customized. You can trade with other nations, which show up on your Kingdom list, for things you need that you cannot produce yourself, or just choose not to produce. If your gnomes die, there is a good chance that some, if not all, will be replenished at the beginning of the next season by new immigrants from these other nations.The first year is fairly simple, as you won't encounter too many hostile challenges unless you dig too deeply. After that, the Goblins come. Their strength is based on the value of your kingdom, so the more powerful you become, the more powerful they become. They come to slaughter your livestock, kill your gnomes, and steal whatever they can carry away... and they will love every minute they are murdering your gnomes. Building walls is no absolute security either. If they cannot find a path to your gnomes, they will employ 'diggers' after a while to get through your walls.As if goblins were the only problem, underground you can encounter beetles which breed terrifyingly fast, zombies (which infect your gnomes!) and skeletons. Allow your food or drink stockpiles to grow too large, and the smell will attract mants, which are man-ants (gnome-sized) which will also come to steal your food, kill your livestock, and kill your gnomes if they get a chance.To defend yourself, you can have your gnomes craft armor, weapons, traps, and even design elaborate death-traps to kill off invaders, if they work, once you have had a gnome research the tech they need. They can build practically anything out of the materials they find around, even bone can be a building or armor material.A good game that requires almost no hand-eye coordination but a great deal of planning."
,Recommended,224500,14404662,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Kebab,Like Dwarf Fortress but with a grapical interface that you can make sense of right away.A lot of fun and deserves more attention.
76561198009772573,Recommended,224500,10708021,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,[HMRD] Archcraig,"Update 12/4/2016: Well, game is ""complete"". I had such big dreams of what this game was going to become. I wanted a game that was going to be as complex as dwarf fortress, but easier learning curve and graphics. Cant always get what you want i suppose, and to be fair, that would have been so much work for one guy. He made some bug fixes, added more mod support, and called it a day. I still enjoy the crap out of this game. I have no doubt i will play this again, i love sandbox games like this. Review stays positive because i still think its worth it for whats in the game, unlike most early alpha games that get to their ""completed"" stage.Update 11/5/2015: There hasnt been an update since febuary. Thats 4 months with no new content, bug fixes or anthing. Its still defined as early access, telling me that the sole devoloper doesnt feel he is finished yet, but come on man! I want a government for my gnomes! Id still recommend this game, I just like to keep people updated when games arent being updated.23/5/2014: I have felt burned many times buying early access games. Gnomoria is not one of those. One guy develops it, and he does a great job pumping content out (except those couple months when he had a baby *shakes fist*). Its Dwarf fortress, but with graphics (currently not as complex as DF, but hopefully we get there eventually). Game is worth the asking price, or wait for a sale if you are unsure."
,Recommended,224500,4450168,"Posted: 29 March, 2013",all,CreepyMultay,this game is just epic 1000/10 points xDdas spiel ist einfach geil 1000/10 punkten xD
,Recommended,224500,13176570,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,bagels,"This is kind of my favorite game. I don't know why, because it's not at all what I normally play and I don't know why I bought it all those years ago since I thought the whole idea of 'early access' was just begging for scammers, but years later and I still love it.I started playing this on a very old laptop that died, then a very old desktop that died, and now on a super amazing new desktop. I've never encountered any glitches in the game on any of those devices.Other people are complaining because the developer never added... something. I don't remember any specific promises. Instead the game was opened to mods and released.The mods are like endless free dlc packs and completely overhaul it into entirely new experiences. It's awesome, I don't know what promises made that would have been better than that.The only complaint i have is that it takes a very long time to generate a map. I would say sometimes an hour. I just set it up to generate and go out for a while."
76561198038593861,Recommended,224500,12832195,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Abra'zil,"This game is, simply speaking Dwarf Fortress for human beings. Great and not unnecessary overcomplicated."
,Recommended,224500,2932649,"Posted: 3 September, 2013",all,Twisted,"Beware... this game will sap your life right out from under your mouse.. 'just 5 more minutes' at a time!Edit - Post 1.0I've got more than 130 hours into this game and I still keep coming back to it.  It's far from perfect, but it has more than enough to provide endless sandboxian entertainment.Be aware thought that the game is FINISHED in that the dev has moved on to other things.  He has stated openly that after 1.0 he would be leaving this project.  I have yet to encounter any gamebreaking bugs and the only thing I don't really like is combat.. it seems too difficult.Other than that.. buy it and add it to your sandbox collection. Worth every dollar!!"
,Recommended,224500,10979043,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Narl3y,Tooooooly Recommended. Awesome game.
,Recommended,224500,10096436,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,Gunschlinger,Do you like Dwarf Fortress ? Do you like Pixel art ? Do you like rapidly updated games ? Then Buy Gnomoria !
,Recommended,224500,17191730,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Hasbetack,"Gnomoria is a great Game It is one of the Games that you can turn on and play a bit but u can also play it over a long period of time and see how ure kingdom grows and how you establish trade routes with other realms.The pros of the Game are that it is a replayable game and that you can play it actually over a longer period of time on the same map and it isnt like in lets say minecraft that you can achive easily the highest level of tool and whatsoever and the enemys in the Game are Quite ""annoying"" but i have to say in a good way.The cons are that you can easily get addicted to it and play a few hours straight (i played 12h without rly noticing it (i thought i only played a hour or so)).I guess the Game is grate I would give it something like a 9/10I recomend the Game for everyone how wants to see his kingdom rise and who wants to get in an everlasting war against the Goblins ;)."
76561197977719222,Recommended,224500,13477394,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,paff,"If one does know Dwarf Fortress, he will fall for Gnomoria. Its like the transition from the console mod to tiles.Yet it is a beta, it has still quite some features. Im still always looking forward to the next update, see it developing even more deep strategic options.There are bugs but periodically fixex  with the updates, my only problem is the really loadingtime. On games with 10 years+ playtime it can take over 5 min to load.Still looking forwad to new content. Thanks"
76561197998629414,Recommended,224500,10550546,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,TheRogon,"After more hours than I could ever possibly get back I whole heartily endorse this game... That said I am not married and have no children, play at your own risk^^"
,Recommended,224500,11408710,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Yorick Brown,"This is a very very awesome economical mircomanagement game. clearly a clever rip off of dwarf forttress, but thats ok becuase ""DF"" is quite the a complicated game with a terribly out dated UI. that being said if you like DF and want to give something similar a try this would be a game for you."
,Recommended,224500,8769172,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Crossmas,"Oh my god, this game is f**king awesome!!! (am I allowed to say that here?)It is really hard, getting into the gameplay (I watched a video on youtube, bcs I didnt get it...), but once you know how it works, you can't stop playing! You have this little gnomes, who you use for building your own little underground empire. You can set the jobs the do individually on every gnome. And once you have your first weapons and armors, you want to kick some goblin♥♥♥♥♥ ""Oh, goblins are getting boring? Here have some ogres"" and you are excited again :3Although it's an alpha, it is really good. If you have some good ideas for the game, then go to the Gnomoria forum, maybe it will be integrated in the game :)"
,Recommended,224500,10115153,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Loras Frywell's Beard,"I sent a goblin kingdom some sandwiches I had made out of butchered goblins. A week later, thirty and some ogres showed up and trashed my fort.11/10 because my gnomes died like dorfs"
76561197984165201,Recommended,224500,11060844,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Rafaiska,"Despite its simple graphics, Gnomoria will hold your attention for hours, specially if you are a fan of economy focused strategy games like ""The Settlers"", ""Beasts and Bumpkins"", or ""Cultures"". It can be very hard to play if enemies are set to spawn frequently, but this issue can be overcomed by the versatility of the game's difficulty settings."
76561197971426896,Recommended,224500,9133529,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Mal,"Steep leaning curve, but hours and hours of micromanagement fun"
,Recommended,224500,4869456,"Posted: 27 April, 2013",all,[Hobid Roon],A nice game with a fair price!
76561198007165194,Recommended,224500,8905310,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,[38NC.H]Patrick World-Star,"This game is very fun if you like to have control over people in the creation of a grand kingdom, but do not like to micro-manage them. The AI is very smart and I've yet to see a glitch of a gnome not doing their job or not healing themselves after getting stabebd or anything like that. Lots of stats for each gnome and ways to make your kingdom grow and prosper the best it possibly can and defend it from the evil goblins and agressive animal life as best as you can. One day you can have a kingdom of 30 gnomes, the next you could have 2, walling them off and keeping them alive as best you can until next season where 20 more gnomes will arrive, completely unaware that they will be just another name in the ""Deceased"" tab by the end of the season. (happened to me multiple times) Haha"
,Recommended,224500,10527389,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Томв the Ram of Thunder,Love it.Spending time with my gnomies has provided us with a lot of laughs!
,Recommended,224500,12484902,"Posted: 13 October, 2014",all,Tanilu,"Gnomoria has a large time investment if you want to reach the late game, but it is amazingly fun!"
,Recommended,224500,15062652,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Tristan,"When im writing this, i've played about 70 hours in gnomoria.I still dont understand this game, and this is in beta. That much content for only 5.99 €.If you like strategy games, you will spend good few hundreds of hours in this game.Worth every penny."
,Recommended,224500,16725366,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Marcow,"1. Game: Everyone got slaughtered by a Mant invasion2. Game: Everyone died, because I destroyed a wall and flooded the Room.(I tried to place a block there, but then everyone else drowned...) They were thirsty, ok?!!!3. Game: I got Armor, but I forgot the weapons and the goblins♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me with their Swords.After 40+ Hours of gameplay I can say it is easier than Dwarf Fortress, but it can still ♥♥♥♥ your whole work into pieces in about 5mins. I WASN'T PREPARED!!♥♥♥♥ MANTS!!!,water and my mind for forgetting to make a single sword, when I created an Army.R.I.P Land of Crescents.Would flood everything again.10.1/10"
76561198009009984,Recommended,224500,17792876,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,peewee214,"I really enoy this game but find myself getting frustrated a lot with it too!  I find that my gnomes frequently suddenly refuse to do any work and wander around aimlessly and my squads never seem to respond to the command to attack.  They only do battle if they can see the enemy.Yaks and Emus never get moved into new pastures so they just wander around the map.I think it would be useful if new gnomes should be automatically set professions according to their skills.  Or there should be a way to easily determine which gnomes have nothing set.I love the challenges of this game but when your two most reliable miners, who seem to be the only ones who ever DO any mining, get attacked by a golem and no military back up turns up to help - it is SO INFURIATING.The gameplay itself is great and I enjoy it.  I sometimes feel that a quicker spped setting would be helpful and perhaps a way to directly tell a gnome to stop what it's doing and do what you need it to would be a blessing.Keep up the great work, I've only been playing a week or two, so haven't picked up on any changes but I am sure I will!  It is an awesome game, the bugs just make it difficult at times!"
,Recommended,224500,17630527,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Esch,"I bought this game pretty early on and I have to say this game has infinite replayability. I have clocked more hours on this game than any other I've purchased on Steam. People have claimed this is ""Dwarf Fortress Light"", which is true in one sense, but I feel it's kind of gone off on its own path lately and you can't really compare the two that much anymore. This one is WAY easier to get into whereas DF (despite it's tremendous depth) is hard to start out because it's all in ascii characters and not graphics. I -want- the depth of DF but I'm quite content with an ever developing Gnomoria where it will one day get to that point."
,Recommended,224500,17631321,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Kitsune Dzelda,"Warning: This game will devour your soul for days on end.  Despite being an Early Access game, it is not only quite well made, but you can prettymuch just run it in the background while you do work.  I think my favorite aspect is just wtaching things slowly take shape in the world.  A fortress, a castle, whatever you dlike really , long as you keep your gnomes fed and healthy.That said, Ive laso gotten quite attached to my settllers.  You should too.  Play Gnomoria! ^^"
,Recommended,224500,12342249,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,2ndhorseman,"If you like inventory/population management games with a pause feature, this game is the game for you.  I can't believe it is still listed in early access, its well worth its price and is probably one of the most under appreciated games on steam; at least the ones I own.  One of the greatest things about this game is how it plays off of your greed.  If you want a lavish kindom with a big population, you need to build it wisely while being careful not to overexpand your empire.  If you want to play conservatively, it will take you forever to get anywhere but there is no time limit that I am aware of.   I will warn you, there is no tutorial in game so you have to turn to youtube or the forums for beginer tips.  There is a high learning curve but do not let that get you down, once you get the hang of it (your first few kindoms will die as the result of your poor planning) you will be constantly thinking of ways to improve on your mistakes and it may eat you up inside.  This causes you to restart and even quit for weeks on end but in the end, this game is truely fantastic.  I would wait for a steam sale since it seems to be on sale every now and then but id be happy paying $20 for it as it is right now."
,Recommended,224500,12413205,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Pail,"there's a lot to love in this game and a lot to be desired.  i love sim games and this one has some great aspects going on with building up a kingdom, keeping track of resources and upgrading your arms.  its good to see that it's still getting patched so if you are looking for more sim, give it a try."
,Recommended,224500,13965404,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Primaris,"Dwarf Fortress, but actually playable. Losing is fun!"
,Recommended,224500,10368281,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,djuk,"gooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooooood, buy recommended :D"
76561197984987486,Recommended,224500,10296714,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,TheRas,"This is a gem of a game.  First (and only) game I have bought pre-release and I can only say good things about it.    It probably took me about 30hours of gameplay to come to grips with the mechanics.  THe developer has been regularly addiing, updating, fixing things with this game for quite some time.  These often mean I am starting a new game simply with the aim of trying one of the new features."
76561198014558445,Recommended,224500,10263870,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,Mial,"Overall, awesome game that will only get better- 10/10. I played this game for close to 15 hours within the first 24 hours of purchasing (thankfully it was on a weekend).It takes a little time to learn what's going on - but not too bad for anyone that's used to sandbox/city-builder games. Very fun and very addicting - especially for an Early Access Game. Developer updates frequently and works on any bugs. Good price as well."
76561198072657135,Recommended,224500,10278571,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,DeathBrokerz,I LIKE HOW I WAS IN EARLY BETABUT STILLIT A GOOD GAME JUST NEED TIME TO LEARN HOW TO PLAY ITAND HOW TO ENJOY IT I RATE IT 7/10 FOR NOWIT WORTH YOUR MONEY : )
76561198072720545,Recommended,224500,10436844,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Nigel Blackiston,"Love the concept, love the presentation. I will always like games like this, done this well. There are a couple of bugs, but they only ensure that micromanaging is the most effective way of playing.Excited that this is still being worked on and that new content comes out every now and then."
76561197969870097,Recommended,224500,10783903,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Sarkent,"I grabbed this during a Steam sale a few months ago and have been playing it since.  For what is still classified as an ""incomplete"" game, you are getting a stable and polished product.  Sure, there are some aspects that still need to be further expanded, but the developer adds new content on a regular consistent basis and this scratches almost all the itches Dwarf Fortress does in a far better graphical and UI environment.  Even if it never is finished, I've certainly gotten more out of it than most games I've ever played - just look at my hours on record and then look at the price!  If you get 1/4 of the fun out it I have, then you are still coming out way ahead.  Just buy it now."
,Recommended,224500,8112745,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,wayf,Gnome Fortress
76561197976263148,Recommended,224500,8160129,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Snorlax,Best early access game I have yet encountered. Top notch dev work
,Recommended,224500,8163018,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Korin,"gnomoria is hella cool, I bought it during one of my spending spree, I had no idea it was just like Dwarf Fortress until I started playing it. A really great game, I hope it gets as much support as DF has."
76561197963258232,Recommended,224500,8087077,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Drellgor,"There's a lot of work still to be done, but it's turning out to be a very nice Dwarf Fortress clone.  I'm glad to see that it handles the biggest shortcoming that DF had.  GUI and Graphics.  Of course it still lacks the insane amount of depth that DF has.  This is expected, and the dev is on the right track.  If you enjoyed DF and want better graphics for it, then this is the game for you.  I feel that this game could eventually be much more than DF not only because the dev seems to have a better head on his shoulders but the game will probably have really awsome mods.BTW, the game seems really stable, the Dev is just adding features."
76561198055623240,Recommended,224500,8111950,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,GodTech,"A greate game if you've got some time to waste and a little cash to spend,DEFENETLY WORTH THE BUY"
76561198071835384,Recommended,224500,8258018,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,SlashBack,good game could use work though espcially on the drink making
76561197999490677,Recommended,224500,8583930,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,VolvoBattousai,"I'll keep this short, if this game is not in your inventory YOU'RE MISSING OUT!I got this game on sale and with the joy i've gotten outta it over the constant new content and updates being released it was easily worth 3x normal price.Sidenote: be prepared for a STEEP learning curve but it's worth it (like redstone in minecraft ^.^)"
76561197962635609,Recommended,224500,8288633,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,StrawberryJusticeShake,"Once you get past the learning curve, this game is REALLY fun.  Perfect little ""world builder"" and I'm happy for two bucks YEAAAAAAA CHRISTMAS SALES"
,Recommended,224500,8255877,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Emilio Estevez,dorf fortress for humans. fun game
76561197972187617,Recommended,224500,9061244,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Sterfry01,LOVE this game. Great concepts and a ton of fun to play!
76561198106351240,Recommended,224500,9045126,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Wardy,Not my usual type of game but this is an absolute bargain countless hours of entertainment and replayability - not to mention regular updates and patches. Well worth the cash.
76561198030904072,Recommended,224500,11061143,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,t_shak,"I really love this game because it's a a challenging sandbox strategy mash-up. Some times it can be frustrating when bad things happen, but other than that it's a really enjoyable experience. I love seeing the little dudes run around doing my bidding, and it's especially hilarious if you save the combat logs and read those.Be warned: this game does not hold your hand, so you'll have to either figure things out through trial and error, or look up a guide online to get the basics down. That being said, it's still worth it. Don't be afraid of the 'Early Access'; it's still a robust game that can keep you entertained for hours.  As of writing this I'm at just under 90 hours, and I feel like I've barely scratched the surface (which may or may not be from restarting more than a couple times....)Be wary of digging too deeply and too gredily..."
,Recommended,224500,8249879,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,bober10,maybe early access but updates are quite regular and game is constantly improving
,Recommended,224500,7921877,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,smartbombradio,The best visual Dwarf Fortress Style game currently availible (with full features.) Cannot stress how fun this is once you pass the steep learning curve.
,Recommended,224500,8473677,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Juxtavarious,"I'd like to start off by saying that I noticed a trend in the negative reviews for this game.  Mostly that nearly all of them have between 4 and 10 negative votes and I'm willing to bet it's the same 4 to 10 petty people who abhore critisism in any form of something they can see only as being unequivicably perfect.  That being said, this game still has some serious faults but considering that it is still in the development phase I think at least most of them are forgivable.VISUAL: Retro, pseudo-3D, 16bit.  I grew up on this kind of game art style so I particularly like it.  It's cheap but effective.  This game is often compared to Terraria but if I had to choose it would be this game.  I like having a small army at my disposal over a singluar character.  The graphics and sprites are probably still being tweaked and after looking at earlier screen shots the game is only getting better in that regard.AUDIO: I like the music, but I'm weird.  I don't like all of the tracks but it's more than one singular song that plays repeatedly so I have to give it that.  I try to keep away from where my Gnomes are working because the sound effects are a bit grating but other than that it has a nice retro feel to it that keeps with the art style.GAMEPLAY:  And now for the meat of the review.  The part of the game that has the most issues but also the most potential.  Let's kick this part off with the elephant in the room.  There is no tutorial for this life sim strategy based game.  There is a good reason for that, the base game is not finished yet.  It's still in development and making a tutorial would take away from getting the game to a finished, balanced, and polished state.  The tutorial will--hopefully--come with the v1.0 update.  Beyond that, there are several guides on YouTube that are easy to find and easy to follow to learn how to play this game.  Even finding older tutorials is enough to give you a basic grasp of the game.The game starts paused.  You need to clear a large area of flat land for farming and pasture.  Start with foraging, then clipping trees, then fell some trees, then replace any clay spots with dirt, and mark off your farms, pastures, and groves.  You also want to dig into the hills and start building your fort.  Designate a small stockpile for soil and stone, and larger stock piles for everything else you need.  You need to start building up your workshops once you get inside.  Start with the crude work bench then find your way through the other workshops until you get to the tailor so you can make beds to sleep on.Here's what the game doesn't tell you and several older guides don't cover:  You need to go into the population menu, pick a Gnome, go to skills, go to Misc Craft, and turn on bone carving.  As far as I have found, this is so far the singular skill that is not immediately attached to any class and has to be manually turned on.  There is NOTHING in the game so far that indicates that this needs to be done or how to do it, but it is crucial to advancing the game.  Once it is turned on, that Gnome should eventually go to the station to make the bone needle.  You will have to wait until at least your first summer to slaughter a yak to get the bones to make the needle but this should give you time to do other things.Once you get into the game, the strategy is fairly straightforward.  Keep enough food and drink on hand for your gnomes, enough wheat straw for your yaks, keep your groves going and your tunnels deep.  Just like Terraria and other digging games, the deeper you go the better materials you find.  There's no story that I've tripped over and the Gnomes have no individuality and don't have relationships.  They work endlessly, new Gnomes finding you over time (apparently linked to your Great Hall in some way) and join your clan.I recommend this game if you can get it rather cheap.  I bought it for $2 and got a few copies for my friends.  I really want to see where this game goes.  The workshops seem to be overflowing and a couple seem over stretched at times but I think that it works.  The longer I played the more I noticed that the characters seem very obsessed with rearranging the dirt in my stock piles until I can find them all and turn them off.  The priorities don't seem to be as effective as they should be.  Even after turning off stock piles and fields there are a list of jobs marked as highest priority that just never get done.  Perhaps it will run more smoothly in a future update.  Until then, if you see this for cheap, add it to your inventory and let it stew."
76561198057997653,Recommended,224500,16657548,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,elorpes,Buy it when it's finished. Already a fun game but let's give the developers a reason to do bugfixes and content updates and enhance performance.It really uses a lot of resources for a game with like max. 7 fps. Lagged on my old laptop with 30+ gnomes. I don't know the exact specs but it ran Borderlands smoothly on mid.+ settings.
,Recommended,224500,8966738,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Valhi2,"Gnomoria seems like a simplistic game by what you read, however It's a bit more complex than that. It's that game in the center of the scale, balancing between Dwarf Fortress and SimTown in difficulty. Aside from that, Gnomoria is a quaint little title, that is decently good. The game (As said by the description in the Shop) Is a game where you manage a small group of Gnomes who've left their past residences to form a new kingdom, and you must play that ""God-like"" Entity and help them thrive in this dangerous new landscape, by giving them orders to designate an area living quarters or Farm and have them construct such. However, the game is a bit stiff in that it's a tad difficult figuring our how to mine at first, as well as finding a source of water and how to stop a Gnome from building somewhere they should not.Overall, Gnomoria is a fine little game, not as good as others of it's genre (It's still in the begining phases) but it is getting there.Originality: 7Mechanics: 6Polish: 6Rating: 6.3/10Tips for New Gnomes!To mine use the ""Mine Wall"" option under ""Terrain""To stop someone from building a designation where it shouldn't be, use ""Cancel Job""And don't dig further than depth 7. (Spiders will start spawning below 7 and you can find stone in the depth 7.)"
,Recommended,224500,9195078,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,Tallios,"This game is pure awesome.  If you want a city builder; do not be decieved.  This is it.  Simple to play, but ruthless to control.  I previously played ""Towns"" and this blows it out of the water and then destroys the water.  I feel it would still be a good deal at $25."
,Recommended,224500,9350292,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Owl,"well, whats there to say? for a game still in its early testing, this is shaping up to be an absolute gem of a game. if you are a fan of micro management games such as dwarf fortress, i reckon you'll get a kick out of this. I'm still trying to break the gnomoria habit i've developed so recently, definately worth a few quid!"
76561198011642712,Recommended,224500,2722468,"Posted: 3 September, 2013",all,Professor Anthrax,"Requires that you do a little research (youtube and/or wiki reading) to play...but once you get how it works it's pretty addicting. Also expect to fail earlier on and restart a few times before being able to run a military and set up a decent kingdom...but considering it's still alpha, gotta give this game a huge thumbs up.If they keep updating like they have it will be a real winner by end of the year!"
76561198017342370,Recommended,224500,7764036,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Tezzap,"Well bloody done.i started this game when it was in early Beta and it was already more pollished than a fully released game. (For example the failures of Citadels and Stronghold 3).   It was perfectly stable, clean and best of all, fun.  This gnome management game has only improved since then.  Gnomoria is a top down, micro management game all about the balance between defence and your economy.  To help describe this game, it may be easier to think of it as a simplified dwarf fortress.  So far Gnomoria has recieved numerous and frequent updates throughout the entiety of its developement.  (As you may have noticed, this fact is quite rare.)Graphics:The graphics in this game are nothing special.  That being said, its simple, 2d and nice to look at for quite some time.  It fits the gameplay and overall feel of the game.  It doesn't become an eyesore after a few hours like a bad minecraft texture pack.  The only real complaint a perfectionist could have with the graphics is the animation of gnomes moving through tiles, But trust me when i say it irrelavent for this type of game.The Gameplay:This is why you play this game.  All the way from the growth rate of trees, to the construction pathways for needed tools and weapons.  The only item that needs work is the settable priority for starage zones and work benches (which the developer has been and continues to work on.)The core gameplay is all about setting tasks and then the allocation of gnomes to that type of task.  More like running a business than a typical rts.I must advise all new players build a terrain wall around thier settlement and get the basics before managing combat.Strengths.As addictive as minecraft.Once you set up your economy and defences, its quite easy to play whilst watching a movie or anime.Weaknesses:For those who are not patient, do not bother. Completing a task can take days ingame and real time hours.Can be annoying to debug why a specific task is not being completed.Summary:One of the most unique games that i have played in the genre.  Once you get the hang of it, its an excellent game. (just do not expect your first try to do anything other than fail miserably.)I have easily put over 50 hours into this game.  Its amazing to see a game in beta that is already near the top of its genre."
,Recommended,224500,8962388,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,LubeKing,"This♥♥♥♥♥♥is Dwarf Fortress with graphics, you get hella attached to your little gnome ♥♥♥♥♥es and then when one of them gets♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by an ogre or zombie you swear by your deepfelt tears to avenge them. WHY CANT YOU MONSTERS JUST LEAVE EM ALONE, THEY JUST WANNA START A NEW LIFE FREE FROM OPPRESSION!"
76561198018428757,Recommended,224500,9159788,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Wildcard Hendricks,"Great game, needs little more stuff inside to be the best game.EDIT Stuff: Game looks like abonded by the devs."
,Recommended,224500,8325964,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,HogwartsBro,"Very fun, time consuming game. Took awhile to get the hang of it, but was very fun! Can't wait to see what happens with it!"
,Recommended,224500,10065157,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Sirus,"Steep learning curve for some, but well worth learning. I used to play ""Towns"" which in some senses is about the same... but ""Towns"" lacks a LOT of what this game has to offer.  Especially love the raids of goblins, mants, etc to keep you on your toes. (Giving you don't CAREBEAR a wall on the outside borders to prevent spawning lol) Plus each game has a lot of ability to customize various settings to go from easy, carefree living to tooth and nail blood bath scraping by to survive.Best of all, this game is still under active development and very playable during that time. Each patch normally comes with some pretty good updates to increase and enhance various aspects of the game.Some things I would like to see?# More Kingdoms, with ability to go to war with more than just the Goblins# Ability to send a war party to other kingdoms to raid for supplies, with settings to determine when to pull back so you dont lose all your Gnomes# Ability to incorporate player created modifications to the game to massively expand the creavity of the game#Ability to control gnomes to give direct commands (Toggled option, as some people probably wish to stay with the default roaming gnomes)#MMO Server with kingdoms that you can trade with and go to war against to raid (Far off dream I'm sure, but hey I can dream)There are other things I could think off, but I'll just sit back and enjoy the game while I watch what unfolds in due time.Recommended purchase? Certainly, as long as you are paitent and willing to learn a game that may have a somewhat steep learning curve."
76561198039396891,Recommended,224500,14050719,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,dykstsam,Best Early Access game I have ever played
76561198042234000,Recommended,224500,12213427,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Mr Moopsy,"Very fun game!A real gem, and wonderful way to pass time.The learning curve can be steep. Expect to fail all the time.But in this game, failing is fun.Any fan of dwarf fortress owes it to themselves to try this game."
76561197962077032,Recommended,224500,10993877,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Astarti,"Nice, fun game. Best clon on Dwarf fortress."
76561198047077770,Recommended,224500,26988249,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,subtleMayhem,This is one of my favorite game of all time.  It is heavily inspired by Dwarf Fortress but is still unique and in some ways I prefer over Dwarf Fortress.
,Recommended,224500,9835211,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Yugo Boss,"Amazing game, you have to try it, it's not very new player friendly but once you get the basics the game is extremely fun and challenging."
,Recommended,224500,9989553,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Theophrastus,"Gnomoria is a game in which you start out with a small team of 9 Gnomes and are tasked with giving those Gnomes various jobs with the ultimate goal of turning the wilderness you start off in into a bustling kingdom. As the value of your kingdom increases, you will attract more ""Gnomads"", and gain the attention of other kingdoms, both friendly and hostile. If you don't want to deal with the latter, you can set the difficulty to ""Peaceful"", which eliminates enemy spawns. The game only ends if your kingdom is completely wiped out, or if you get bored and give up. This might sound a bit familiar to some people, as Dwarf Fortress (and Dungeon Keeper, The Settlers, and Anno) was a big inspiration for the game. The developer clearly states this in the FAQ on the game's official website. This game does not have the sheer, unbridled complexity of Dwarf Fortress. It makes up for this by being much more accessible while still having a good amount of depth, and having its own innovations and ways of doing things compared to DF.Now, the game currently lacks a tutorial, so you will need to either spend the first few hours experimenting to get a feel for things, or consult a guide/wiki while you are playing to speed things up. If that's a dealbreaker for you, I'd suggest waiting until the tutorial is actually implemented, whenever that is. That all being said, the game is still more immediately accessible than DF in my opinion due the graphics and simple mouse-based interface. The game also does not have any actual animation for character movement, somewhat true to its inspiration, but I have personally never found this to be an obstacle to my enjoyment. All it means is that the sprites ""jump around"" from one tile to the next rather than spending frames actually animating their arms and legs moving, which actually speeds everything up. There's also only one biome available right now, but there are plans to add some more eventually (the two specifically mentioned in the development roadmap are ""Desert"" and ""Jungle"").The game is under active development, with updates coming fairly regularly with a schedule of one update every 2 weeks (minus the occasional hotfix). New features are added often, and as is often the case with such things new bugs will pop up. That being said, the game is very stable and the vast majority of bugs are a mere annoyance. There's nothing truly gamebreaking to worry about.A common question that comes up on the Steam discussion forums is ""how does this game compare to Towns?"". I have not actually played Towns, but I know enough to at least say that the gimmick of ""attracting Heroes and having them clear out a huge dungeon for you so your citizens can bring up the loot"" is not present in Gnomoria. You have to dig your own mines, and you'll have to organize your own military to deal with the problem if you find yourself encountering monsters while you're doing it.Bottomline: If you're the type of person who is enamored by the idea of Dwarf Fortress, but really just don't want to deal with learning how to wrangle with DF's unintuitive keyboard interface, or if you find DF to be essentially unplayable without throwing a bunch of mods on top of it and just don't want to deal with that, I cannot recommend Gnomoria enough. If you have no idea what Dwarf Fortress even is, but like the concept of the game described at the top of this review, I'd also say it's worth checking out."
,Recommended,224500,6502126,"Posted: 1 September, 2013",all,IllIllIIIlIlIllIlllIIlIllIl,"A great strategy game where you build your own ""Kingdom"" of gnomes. Very tricky to understand at first but once you get past the basics, lots of fun. Great for a low price!(~'0')~ KAYYMANN64 ~('0'~)"
,Recommended,224500,10386692,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Clocktrap,It's a fun game for people who like building and commanding and learning as you play. This game is not for everyone.
76561197974379049,Recommended,224500,18524421,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Meow,It is pretty hard to understand and to get into at first but once you get going it becomes a great game that i always go back to
,Recommended,224500,9863196,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Aurustius,Dwarf fortress with graphical user interface. Sounds like the best thing ever. IT IS THE BEST THING EVER <3
,Recommended,224500,7797198,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,MaGicBush,"The best Dwarf Fortress type of clone I have found so far, and it far beats out other games in this genre. Bi-weekly updates, and a ton of detail make this game shine. I highly recommend any strategy fans to check this game out!"
76561197960426753,Recommended,224500,14254209,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,-CML-Hasbrok,"One of the best and most frustrating moments is when is when you set your military to get armour and weapons when attacking, but they dont... Watching a gnome run after a bear, no armour. His weapon of choice, a fist full of wheat. The fact he has no armour, makes him 5 times faster then the smart people who do. He proceeds to try and punch the bear a few times failing each time (because of the wheat), bear turns around and mauls his face, killing him instantly. Dying cold and alone.Everone compares this to DF but simplified. True it's very much like DF, but i think this game found it's own area of that type of game that makes it great.Right now 8/10 but I expect my rating could go up as it gets developed and some AI issues get fixed"
76561198065466867,Recommended,224500,14457217,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,zuluna,It's a great no-assistance no-guidance city management game. The gnomes are awesome! Unless a bear gets into your underground hold somehow and slaughters half your guys before discovering the exit.
76561197996138563,Recommended,224500,17586231,"Posted: 17 August, 2015",all,}SoC{Monkeymedic33,"Very fun base builder, heres the best example i got. Imagine you're the leader of an anthill. Now imagine those ants are mentally handicapped. You got a pretty good idea of how gnomoria plays!"
,Recommended,224500,3216444,"Posted: 13 July, 2013",all,OkcRanger,"This is one of those games you either love or hate.  It has a pretty steep learning curve and getting good enough to survive will take practice and reading a few guides. But it's very satisfying to watch your little village / castle / underground fortress flourish.  In my opinion this game is a little easier then Towns, but much more polished and playable.  I would for sure recommend that you watch a few videos first and check out how it plays because like I said, you either love it or hate it.I hope you end up loving it like I do, and help these indie devs out!!"
,Not Recommended,224500,24263991,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,bluebooksky,I have mixed feelings about this game. Everytime I play this game i fall in love....then the game tears my heart out and leaves me bleeding on the ground. For the first year everytime I would get a few years in the game would corupt and i would have to start all over. I ended up having to copy my saved file every time i stoped playing. I cant build like want because the gnomes sometimes get stuck for no reasion and will die if job is no changed quick enough. All this should have been fixed asap not waiting months or even years. All in all It's just not worth $14 for the heartbreak. As soon as the dev fixs the bugs and AI I would happly change my recommendation. Just play lazie nuwb pack mod for dwarf fortress its all free.
76561198048086872,Recommended,224500,34522914,Posted: 27 August,all,terrox🐯,played it enough to move to the finished pile. too addictive.
,Recommended,224500,8243663,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Tronting in the USA,"Without my guidance, my gnomes will surely perish.I cannot allow that to happen."
76561198043240697,Recommended,224500,25941585,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,~Aries~,Very fun game.. I have spent many hours playing it and I feel that it is a very good investment.
,Recommended,224500,18243972,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,That1Dude,"There is a steep learning curve, but Gnomoria is still fun, charming, and welcoming.*SIDE NOTE*For the people claiming the game is ""rarely updated"", please switch to beta updates. Gnomoria is updatedat leastonce a week, if not more. The updates consist of features and fixes."
76561197984239525,Recommended,224500,8038821,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,P4nd491,Simply one of the greatest games I've ever played!Deep and complex gameplay and beautiful pixel-graphic make Gnomoria a fun and exciting game to play!I'd recommend it to everyone who likes strategy or simulation games!
76561197994404954,Recommended,224500,26634764,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,Gromley,"I love this game!Unfortunately it appears the developer has abandoned it, so the few remaining bugs may never get addressed.This doesnt detract from the fact that this is a fantastic game and is worth your time."
76561198011045069,Recommended,224500,22207118,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,HCP,"For long time my kingdom prospered fending off filthy goblins and feral beasts.Good faithful peasants labored hard and overcame many freezing cold winters.My heavily armed shield troopers and skull headed crossbow assasins were dread of surrounding savage colonies.The great hall decorated with emeralds sapphiahs and statues of ancient war heroes were dream of whole world.Right now huge beatles crawled out from underground mine are knocking viciously the front door of my engineering laboratory. It seems they wiped out all my citizens.I leave my last words here:greatgametenoutoft;:.,"
76561198085949321,Recommended,224500,29954681,Posted: 15 February,all,Sanguinius,"I will first start out by saying that yes this game is abandonware, but its still a great game. Sure the developer quit on us or died or whatever happened, but I have still logged many hours into this game and I am quite happy with it. Yeah sure it has a few bugs, but nothing I have noticed yet has seemed to be game breaking. A lot of people seem to be comparing it to Rim World saying Rim World is better and not to waste your money on this game. I think that is not true! Yes both are great games and I highly reccomend getting both. It really just depends on your playstile. Gnomoria is more focused on base building and being complex while Rim World doesnt really focus on base building but instead focuses on combat and the social life of your colony, it is also is a much more simple game than Gnomoria. I hope this helped you and thanks for reading!"
76561197986721372,Recommended,224500,28658557,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Gehn,Probably the best dwarf fortress light game out there.
76561197982701991,Recommended,224500,25760006,"Posted: 28 September, 2016",all,[IFYM]Senator,"To start, I love this game.  I thoroughly enjoyed the living hell out if it.  There's no tutorial, and things are really confusing at first, but once you figure out how to get things going it really is a blast.  Sure there's a few bugs, but in a game like this you should be saving your game every few minutes anyway.Bugs?  Yes.Will you still get $15 worth of enjoyment out if it?  Yes.People gladly pay that much to go watch a movie in a theater for an hour and a half and get unreasonably♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off when they don't get 60+ hours of gameplay for something that costs four times as much.That said, the game is unfinished, like many of the other reviews say.  I'm not sure if the original developer got burned out or what, but there are many things that just got dropped on the floor.  After modding was introduced, the website for the game changed, mainly the fact that their original development plan was removed.  This is what they didn't want everyone to see:Development planI'm only recommending this game because I hope people start playing it and the developer realizes he has a gem just waiting to be polished.  It's hard to find enthusiasm about something that everyone just craps on."
,Not Recommended,224500,29867445,Posted: 12 February,all,Schnensch,Really like this game. But isn't being updated anymore. Sadly.
,Not Recommended,224500,27349582,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Procyon ⚣,The game is unplayable due to the bugs that cause it to crash while loading save files.The developer abandoned the game shortly after release.
76561197992239750,Not Recommended,224500,26445274,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,FeralFerret,Very poor game. If you can handle the UI and graphics Dwarf Fortress is superior in every single way. I really wanted to like this game.
,Not Recommended,224500,8732451,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,inneedofnap,"I can not recommend this game at this time (Jan. 2014 v0.9.5).  I've had a lot of fun with it and I've definitely got my money's worth but the bugs and pacing issues are too frustrating for me to continue at this time.  The frustration mostly comes from the fact that I look up workarounds for the bugs to find out that *they've been around for longer than a year*.  I know software development for a game of this scope, and it's issues are being left on the shelf for way too long.I look forward and I'm HOPEFUL for when the developer(s) feel it's out of Beta."
,Recommended,224500,26321270,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,𝕿𝖍𝖊 𝖂𝖎𝖟𝖆𝖗𝖉,"positive review because I don't want to be one of the everyone else saying the game's bad because it's finishedit is a good game but dwarf fortress is free and better in literally every way unless you need graphics, in which case this is the best alternative if you can be content with less content"
76561198090593363,Not Recommended,224500,23552205,"Posted: 14 June, 2016",all,Buttery Taco,Abandoned.
,Recommended,224500,9275405,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,JR,"I've played this game off and on for over a year now, coming back whenever there's a major update (which is surprisingly often) and I absolutely don't regret the $8 I spent on this. It would have been a great value if I'd only played it for ten hours, let alone fifty and counting."
76561198048766687,Recommended,224500,9717382,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Graztoked,"Very fun, Hard to get into, got into it with Youtube, and watching Aavaks Playthrough's of the game, Super fun! try it if you have a chance!"
,Recommended,224500,9255556,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,m@gicpanda,Accessible Dwarf Fortrress.You'll need a guide to get started but after that it's digital heroin.The isometric grid lines are seared into my retinas when I stare at something white.
76561198016163814,Recommended,224500,8315353,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Deathsilver,Awesome RTS game :D
76561198046020585,Recommended,224500,9484775,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Yojymbro,"Great game! Keeps you occupied for hours, with so much to learn, and to pay attention to. For those who enjoyed Dwarf Fortress, this is the game for you! Highly recommended."
76561198036176003,Recommended,224500,9566983,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,TacoZetchryn,"Gnomoria is, by and large, a surprisingly deep game. Often remarked as Dwarf Fortress Lite, it is a game that puts you in charge of a community of gnomes, and gives you the task of making sure they survive and thrive. Sound easy? It's not. There are many things that need to be managed, and your first few communities are almost guaranteed to die off. The control scheme and menus are at first daunting, but once you figure out the HOW of things, it's surprisingly intuitive (Hint: Right click controls almost everything). But no matter how skilled at controlling the game you become, there will always be new things to learn. From base defense against goblins biting your hearts, to properly lighting your mines so golems don't come out of the deep, there will always be new challenges, and new ways to solve those challenges. As you attempt better structures and more elaborate designs, the enemies will react to your increased worth and start bringing armor, and bigger friends, though you will also attract more gnome migrants (Known as gnomads). So if the controls seem oppressive, don't lose hope. Look up a let's play of the game, watch for a bit, then mimic. You'll quickly figure it out, and have the time of your life."
,Recommended,224500,14419214,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Socrates,"This game sucked the free time from my life for a month straight. Why? You may ask? Simply put this game is fun.I have to admit, i bought this game and tried it for 5 minutes long before i tried it out further. It was kind of one of those scenarios where you say to yourself 'Yeah this looks too complicated, ♥♥♥♥ this, i dont want to take the time to learn it'. Eventually when I came back to it and put the 5 or so minutes into actually learnign the controls i found a game that has enticed me and has been a marvelous example of what a successful early access title can acheive.Pros:You can build thingsYou can build whatever the hell you want pretty muchYou can build trapsYou can customize the game to your perfered difficultyYou can exact your god complex on little peopleLarge amount of depth and complexity involved with creating a succesful economy for your gnomesOverall fun gameCons:The 5 minutes it took to learn the interface.Sincerely, get this game, support the small guys out there that had a really fantastic dream and stood up to be it."
,Recommended,224500,16629779,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,47# Rooster,"Similar to Dwarf Fortress, but with an easier user interface.  Though the interface makes playing this easier than Dwarf Fortress, you have reduced building, engineering and social options.  Both are great games, but Gnomoria might be better suited to a fortress builder begginer where as Dwarf Fortress suits the hardcore veteran.  With constant new uodates the game might have as many options as Dwarf Fortress one day."
,Recommended,224500,17018643,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,[GWJ]UMOarsman,"Just... wow. A great game already (and still in early access), and a steal at the asking price. If you've ever looked at Dwarf Fortress and thought, ""ASCII? Insane complexity? Can't I just build a fortress?"", then this game is for you."
,Recommended,224500,7911843,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,JimseytheMurph,"Basically, it's Minecraft as an RTS.  It can be hard to learn initially, but it's quite rewarding once you get started.  It's still in alpha, but the updates come regularly and the game is certainly playable as-is."
76561198027921769,Recommended,224500,7781253,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Geese,"som1 tuch my bum wen i was relly yuoung. but when i growed up io played dis game and it warmed myu heart. this little men are liek when you are young nd they maek buidlings and mine things. they will 4eva bve my friends. plz play dis game if u ever lost sum1 u loved. paste this 3 tiems if it scared u.add me for 1000 friends, do u wanna be populer on stream> add me"
,Recommended,224500,9659105,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,Mark,"If you like the whole ""colony survival"" genre, this game is one of the best. :D"
76561198009548103,Recommended,224500,10041773,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,Tarantula,"NEW REVIEWI see a lot of rewiews stating that this is abandonware, that the dev jumped ship, etc.Some say the UI is clunky. For a game this complex, it's hard to not make it clunky.I disagree with the claim that the dev abandoned the game. If you pay someone to build your kitchen, you don't expect them to work on it after it's done. The game was done and he added some extra things like golems and better mod support.It should also be noted that there's only one person developing this. Stardew valley also had only one person and that game is much simpler than this, being only in one plane while this one, while 2d, also goes up and down, has to calculate all the pathing, do all the databse stuff, have all these modifiers for things, etc.The negative rewiews post release are, in my opinion, asking superhuman feats from a single dev.Knowing all that I know now, were I to lose my steam account... I'd buy gnomoria again.------------------------------------OLD REVIEW FROM EARLY ACCESS95% of early access games are ealy alpha trash. This game is in the remaining 5%.Regular updates, feedback, etc.Install it, play it, fail a bunch of times due to the steep learning curve, survive a year. Next thing you know it's light outside and you go ""Oh poop I forgot to go sleep!""What you'll be doing in Gnomoria:- Being an architect. Where do farms go, where do beds go, where the crafting stations, what about storage.- Being a boss. Look at who's slacking off. If they are, fix it. Put the right dude on the right job.- Being a judge/god/person who controls life. You may have to do ""mercy"" killings. Or can you afford to care for the disabled while that person could make room for a youngling of strong physique and ability?- Being a commander. Leading troops into battle. Well, not directly. You kinda tell em ""you're a soldier dude"" and they go be soldier dude.- Being an economist. You need to handle scarcity from the second you start your empire.- Being a merchant. Trade is important and often the only way to get certain items.- Being stuff I forgot.Protips:- Change the music setting or turn it off. The 8bit style music gets old fast.- Your gnomes are like pets. You probably get attached to them. Then they die. Then you're sad. Game comes with onions pre-installed.- Legendary beer is legendary."
,Not Recommended,224500,26695045,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Adidas,"I was hoping for an accessible dwarf fortress, and I got a clunky, slow game written in god-knows-what that simply isn't fun. I'm looking forward to Rimworld instead, but lesson learned when it comes to impulse buys."
76561198149975954,Recommended,224500,22275726,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,ARomanSoldier,Gnomoria is a very fun game with many adventures waiting to happen!
76561198018497754,Recommended,224500,7911534,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,sidg11,"One of the best Early Access games out there, Robo (the developer) does a great job of pushing out new features weekly!I already have about ~60 hours in this game and I still love it"
,Recommended,224500,7912720,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,[Jet] Espeon (COMPUTER OBTAINED),"Pretty freaking cool game. Updates frequently, easy to pick up and play, and ultimately, is probably the best game like it on steam."
,Recommended,224500,7905220,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,bryce0110,"Damn, This game is amazing. I have always been a HUGE fan of sandbox games when I came across this one. I even got the best name for a squad ever it was called Swift ♥♥♥♥♥es xD and it randomly picked that name :/"
,Recommended,224500,7903565,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Hyjeauq,"Gnomoria, how I hate thee.  I come back to you again and again and can't get enough.  You suck up my time.  Time that I meant to use to get to know other games.  Yet, I always return to you...I love the idea of Dwarf Fortress, it's fantastic and quirky.  But ASCII graphics?  I put up with ASCII graphics back in the early 80s.  Gnomoria removes that problem.Pros:  if you like sandbox village management games.  Yes.  You should buy this game now.  Why are you still reading this?Other Pros:  I realize Gnomoria is defined by Dwarf Fortress (they are the same game) right down to the quirky names for legendary items.  For instance, my cook creates a legendary sandwich.  The sandwich gets a name.  That name is the Hateful Spite.  You build your underground (or above ground) village.  You start up production of tables and chairs and various and sundry things that you will place in your Gnomish Colony (it's had to call it a city because I've only ever got up to 45 gnomes) to raise the value of your little colony to attract more gnomes...and badies who come to steal, kill, and destroy what you worked so hard to make.  (you can turn that off by the way)Cons:Don't expect amazing, splendiforious graphics of amazing splendiforousness.  Minecraft graphics and Gnomoria graphics...it's kind've a toss up as to which is better.  I think Minecraft has an edge in my humble opinion.The balancing of attackers to defenders and the rate at which they appear is...not good.  If you approach the game knowing that the badies will eventually beat your gnomes to a bloody pulp you're golden.  I dislike putting myself into that mindset.  It would be nice if the developers put in an in-game adjustable scale for those times you just want the badies to leave you alone, but still allow for those times when you're ready to let Gnomeggedon begin--and see if you're preparations can handle it.The interface does take some getting used to.  I suggest using the menu at the bottom instead of the right mouse menu.At the moment 3 December 2013, the game has some serious lag issues once all your items approach 8-12k.  I do hope that gets fixed.Summary:It's amazing!  This game, in my opinion, is better than Drawf Fortress, mostly because the graphical user interface allows for easier access while still keeping most of the concepts, quirkiness, and spirit of the original."
76561198034279652,Recommended,224500,9963597,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,Derrick Moore,"Gnomoria is not Dwarf Fortress.The gnomes do not decorate their walls (I think, but what do I know, I've played all of 1 hour) and there is no awsome wonderful history generation.... or other forts... or armies... or unspeaking things that dwell in the outer darkness and has 27 heads and claws that drip acid... and there's no adventure mode. So in Gnomoria, no gnome is going to craft a goblet and then encrust it with a certain jewel that's associated with an anchient dwarf hero who's story is depicted in engravings on that cup.So you can't make a sprawling dwarf fortress, play for centuries, then make 1 single mistake involving lava, and the fort falls into ruins. Wars happen, and then you pop into Adventure mode and go dungeon seeking to find that legendary quality cup that your favorite dwarf crafted (but died in some hysterical accident.But, I suck at DF. I play DF like this, I create a world with wierd parameters, then embark my 7 dwarves. I start by building a tomb and coffins and I'm usually able to finish before all my dwarves are dead and buried.So for me Gnomoria, is going to be training wheels for DF. I'm not comfortable with planning out z-layers, but Gnomorias visuals make it easy. I love how I can see what's in the ground on my z-level and all the terrain in z-levels below me. I'm going to practice making my forts (and tombs) in Gnomoria, and then I'll learn to be more proficient in DF.But, I can't stay in Gnomoria forever, I think. Brcasue I love the depth and richness and Dwarftalks.mp3s with their awsome music and commentary about the game.So... If you are like me and love DF but can't quite get a handle on its complexity, then join me and the gnomes for a bit... but dont delete your fort!"
,Recommended,224500,13707961,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,SpaceJam,It's good...until you run out of stuff to do and you understand how to survival every single time
,Recommended,224500,10960596,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Vaelkyrie,"Gnomoria is pretty addictive and quite challenging. I suppose it compares to Dwarf Fortress, but with better graphics. If you like city building type strategy games, then you should like Gnomoria. One of the things I like about it is being able to free-form design my own cities/castles."
76561197993869948,Recommended,224500,11113628,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Superscope,My Warrior gnomes punched a goblin straight though his chest to the goblins heart and crushed it with the grip of his hand.10/10 will gnome again.
76561198026907002,Recommended,224500,9792111,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Musical_Rouge,"Very fun and addictive a game that you can play for hours ,and it usally gets monthly update as well from the developer."
,Recommended,224500,9776343,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,NuckingGoFuts,"The obvious comparison is that it is like Dwarf Fortess lite.Updated review:Updates have come and added quite a bit to the game. Calling it Dwarf Fortress lite is still a good comparison. Nice learning curve, FUN™Would recommend."
,Recommended,224500,24447062,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Ash,"Best Keemstar game 2016Seriously though, it's a good game. You should get it."
76561198046833203,Recommended,224500,14714298,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Mike Pie Ride,"Quite a uniquely styled management simulator.  Could be more user-friendly as gnomes may not always do as you wish, but a little bit of realization can ease any issues.  Great game so far."
76561198044415483,Recommended,224500,17624780,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,trspass4,Very fun Game.
,Recommended,224500,9313625,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Sir Enith,"This game is awesome. It does have a learning curve, but it is worth it. I totally dig this game! I would be very interested to see what else is done. maybe moding or something? I do sort of wish they were dwarves lol. Or maybe unlock dwarves? Either way, awesome!"
,Recommended,224500,8582816,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,StorM,I spent 2 hours building a base and then a golem came from the ground and I lost eveything.10/10
76561198035874722,Recommended,224500,14803174,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,wizejester,>
,Recommended,224500,9443329,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,silversteel6,Gnomoria is one of those games that decives you. once you know the controls and build your sorry fort you think that this is easy until enemys arrive then youre very screwed and once that happens you'd better start fighting them or your kingdoms gonna fall to bits then you have to restart over and over untill your stratagy kicks in. i did this atomaticly ecause most of my kingdoms are under ground or in the sides of hills. the gameplay can be frustraighting at times and without a wiki to help youre done for. the graphics are minecrafty style exept its got more colour and its in 3rd person view.the enemys are the best part there hard and challenging just the way i like it.7/10 silver ingots. not bad but not good enough. still good thoughadvice for the makers add more things to mine chop and find like tresure chests and hidden dungeons of loot and monsters.
,Recommended,224500,9671384,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Stargazer795,"Such an amazing game, difficult, but fun. Your goal is to advance your gnomes through harsh enviorments and fight back the evils that thrive underground and far off in distant lands. Features of the game include: Farming, Smithing, Tinkering, Mining, Wood Cutting, Warfare, and Castle Building."
76561198029986955,Recommended,224500,13309174,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,DramaticJawa,"Baby's first Dwarf Fortress. It's fun, it's interesting but it's ultimately just a dumbed down version of an extremely difficult game. My suggestion, if you want to enjoy your afternoon, pop this in. If you want to spend it alternating between yelling at the moniter and checking the wiki, play DF.Short story: Pretty good for a clone but it's a little too easy."
,Recommended,224500,21610175,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,rentalguy2008,"First of all i would like to say that i realy loved this game. Ive played well over the amount of time I originally was intending.  With that being said, I am fully dissapointed with the final release, we were told that magic would be added, and wasnt, we were told that gnomes would have more personal goals and actually leave if those goals were not met. as well as some other things.  The final version has been left up to the modders to finnsh. This practice in my opinion is lazy. Considering how long we had to wait for patches and updates, this practice is a slap in the face to all the fans of the game.  I understand it is one developer, and i understand he has a life. But if you tell us one thing and then do another your no better then all the othe companies that took our money and said eff it.  Please dont let this be the end of the devlopment and realy on modders to do the work, you turn them into free labor and make yourself look like alazy doosh in the process. Being a developer myself I understand the need to know when to stop a project.  I also know that saying one thing and doing another is an awful way to go about your game.  EA has done it, SquareEnix has done it, this does not give you the right to do it.  Untill these practices have ceased the Indie community will be no better then the AAA community. Dont slap your fans in the face and be a lazy devoloper, mods are fun but content from the developer is better. I will recomened this game but I do not believe it is any better at full realese then it was when it was put on for early access.  Dont let this stand."
76561198073222038,Recommended,224500,28784259,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,EKorach,"For all those who are reading the recent negative comments, don't listen to what they say about it being abandoned. This game has been worked on for a long time as has enough content in this game to last for hours if not days on one world. Sure there could be more to the game, but with These type of games, there is no actual stopping point like normal RPGs and others. This game has enough to it to be considered a fully fledged game."
,Recommended,224500,13356762,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Opox,Pretty entertaining.
76561197960534222,Recommended,224500,27232982,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Feuerleger,MAKE IT OPENSOURCE !!!
,Recommended,224500,14208210,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,TasteThePumpkin,it's amazingly fun. definitely recommend it
,Recommended,224500,10367448,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,ManaBrave,"This game has really opened my eyes back to citybuilder/management games.  Once you learn the systems and how things work (which you will always be learning, every game is different and everygame you learn something new) everything is fun.  If you like the addictive ocd type games where you HAVE TO get every achievement known to man, this is the game for you.I highly recommend giving this game a try.Pros:Devs are always updating/tweeking/changing the game based on community feedback.Complex game that can be made as complex or as simple as you want it.A full and complete gameNo Microtransactions/adds/buy this content.Cons:When you start a new game it takes a good 2-3 minutes to start up."
,Recommended,224500,10290935,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,el chismo,The best graphical clone of Dwarf Fortress
76561198041197834,Recommended,224500,10316303,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,Changsheng,"Great Gnom'anagement game. A little rough on the intial learning curve, but a lot of options for what its worth. A good update to Dwarven Fortress fans."
76561198089948963,Recommended,224500,10313800,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,SaxophoneHero98,This is cool
76561198023416519,Recommended,224500,15715888,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Nitara,"This is a marvelous, adorable spin on Dwarf Fortress.  If you liked the idea of DF but couldn't deal with the ASCII and convoluted controls, Gnomoria will be worth every penny.  Relaxing but challenging and still plenty of depth, and WAY more intuitive controls.It does seem that the devs have let it sit for quite a while now in early access without more updates; hopefully it's just a slow period but it's not riddled with bugs either, so you're not buying a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥feature-starved moneygrab.  Good stuff and I hope development continues, cause it's a gem of a game."
,Recommended,224500,1602230,"Posted: 26 July, 2013",all,Tegiminis,why can't i butcher my gnomes and use their bones to make skull statues?
,Recommended,224500,8208887,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Ebu,"Dwarf Fortress Lite. In a good way. DF appeals to me on paper, but in practice it was just too dense for me to really enjoy."
76561198052582282,Recommended,224500,10008372,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Lord von Fleck,"This is a game, lovingly updated with bugfixes and really super cool features.  The care the develope is taking with this game is a beautiful feature worth reviewing. As for the game itself, it has truly become a diamond, worth mining for.  The integration of a smart crafting AI I think has really set the game apart.  Most games that have ""crafting"" development, require a player to micro-manage each step of a raw material extraction - refinement - multi-stage construction.  In this game however, if the player has provided the necessary tools and labor allocation, the workers actually can work, automatically all the way through the proccess on their own, with blacksmiths, stone carvers, and carpenters each doing their part to make your ""ordered"" final pieces constructed.Great game, great attention to detail - perhaps a bit overwhelming at first - to which I suggest watching a couple of youtube videos."
76561198075193215,Recommended,224500,10003913,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,barry_brown,"Brilliant! If you want a game where you can just crack on and build a town, fend off invaders and make lots of stuff, then this is for you. I took a few shots where I killed a few Gnomes before I got it right. I've now spent far too many hours at it! Want to build an impregnable sky fortress? Want to build a deep dungeon? It's all at your fingertips!"
76561198091729596,Recommended,224500,10010316,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Honest Soul,"Even though this game is early acces it feels rather complete. Gnomoria is a sandbox, strategy, building game. But of corse you can probaly tell that from the description and pictures on the store page.You start out with a few gnomes each with different skills. You eventuly start to develope a gnome community weather in an underground fortress, a sprawling castle, or even a village where everyone has their own home. From developing and training an army to defend your people from Animals, Goblins, and many other mythical creatures, to playing peaceful mining rescorces to build the bigest collest thing you can think of. In Gnomoria the possibilities are endless.On top of all that, it is under $10! It is pretty much what Towns could have been and it isnt even finished yet! So if you like games like Minecraft or Terraria, and love strategy style sandbox games, then this game is for you!"
76561198076008693,Recommended,224500,10017252,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,LordAverap,"Hello,I really reccomend this beautiful game. You can be 'lost' in in for hours and for this price (6.99 euro) it's really worth it. The game on itself isn't that hard, but you have to learn how to play the game due to its special, but efficient, layout. There are frequent updates, which constantly add new (and cool) stuff. :DIt's really satisfying to see your miner who I've had for 3 years with very good skills die of starvation when you forget to build a bridge and he's stuck on a ridge. You really have to be concentrated for this game, and this game can be really rewarding when you've sorted things out. I must say, I 'cheated' a lot by closing the game without saving so my miner wouldn't die. And that's wy Ichabod Sugarbottom is still alive. :DI remain,Lordaverap"
76561198042457947,Recommended,224500,16324389,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Angus The Bounty Hunter,"I have played this game a lot. It is, overall, a simple graphic update to dwarf fortress that is a tad dumbed down. That said it is one of the most complex town/ colonization sim I have played that keeps you entertained for a long time. I played it before it was on steam and was excited to see it come out finally, but since it got on steam there hasn't been a whole lot of development. I'm really waiting for the end product to show up. As it stands once you have built everything you run out of things to do because you can literally walk away from the computer and your town will do fine most of the time. Its worth buying as is, and I can really see the potential in the end product. But its like getting halfway through a book and finding out the author of the series you are halfway through died without writing the last books, and unlike Robert Jordan, the author didn't leave notes that someone else could follow to write the ending to a monumental series.Pros-Manage a settlement of gnomes-You can micromanage as much as you want-Simple graphics, but not a text game-Addictive, way too much of my life-Challenging-Customizable difficulties-Diplomacy looks promising if it ever gets improved, like maybe I want to conduct a raid on a neighboring goblin kingdom instead of just insulting themCons-Stupid zombies and beetles-Steep learning curve-Not much developement on the game, snails pace-Produces a lot of activity that I never get from other games on my CPU-No tiered crafting system- the Gnomes can make everything as soon as there are materials and the skills involved don't change the end product enough that it matters- only skills that improve anything are fighting skills, and farming.-Trade doesn't really change over time- you get wealthier but your neighbors stay the sameI realize I have a lot of cons but some of them I enjoy like the steep learning curve, and just the way the game works."
,Recommended,224500,21520575,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,CptCovfefe,"Really great game. I had played Dwarf Fortress a bit, and enjoyed that but found it just a bit too much of a learning curve. Gnomoria's interface is fantastic, and solves all the issues I had with Dwarf Fortress."
,Recommended,224500,18253438,"Posted: 29 September, 2015",all,McDiezel,"An amazing game for those who always wanted to play dwarf fortress but didn't have the time or patientce to learn how to make a block of text run smoothly. Currently I have had alot of crashing problems (unsure if this is due to low specs or early access) but the game provides plenty to do even in Early AccessEDIT: Now that the game is ""complete"" I'll finish my review. The games content for a supposed finished game is still extremely lacking, I love the concept of the game, and the gameplay, but it hads so much more potential on what it could be. On a regular playthrough it still feels like the game is missing huge gaps on the edges, and some of the menu systems (definitely anything to do with setting up your military) feels clunky. Still concedering how much game time I got out of the game and the low pricetag I'd have to reccomend it, hopefully the dev or the modders will fill in the gaps"
,Recommended,224500,17964778,"Posted: 9 September, 2015",all,PajamaWizard,It's pretty fun. It only took a few hours of my time. It can be a great game to play while watching Netflix or Youtube or something productive.
,Recommended,224500,18328117,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Jolley,"I love that this game is still adding new stuff.  This is early access done right.Of all the games I've tried, this game scratches the DF itch the best."
76561197986575844,Recommended,224500,11591624,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,EmbargEr,Perfect strategy game.
,Recommended,224500,18444326,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,SeaHacking,"Top tier game.  Recommend to my friends, love playing it to burn some time when I'm bored.  Lots of replayability and lots of hours of gameplay.  10/10"
,Recommended,224500,18280124,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Dr.Ded,"If you're reading these reviews it's probably because you're into these city-building type games. If you're into those types of games, I highly recommend gnomoria. It's one of the best games I've ever had the joy of playing. (just keep in mind that there is no real tutorial so you'll want to look at some let's plays to get the hang of the game mechanics)"
76561198080662707,Recommended,224500,28582235,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Kiitaro Sillygoose,"its one of those ""I cant stop playing this damn game"" games, a good one for sure."
76561198177958258,Recommended,224500,28548968,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,brian.a.johnson1980,Gnomoria is just plain fun. rule with an ironfist or let them (the gnomes) run wild. Build from nothing to an unmatched empire! the learning curve is less than other games of this genre i have played but it is there. Great for kids because you can turn agro monsters off and leave animals intact. great (although small) modding community.
76561197973664976,Recommended,224500,28659727,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,mdennis1point1,"fun and addicting, needs a few more features, and interesting things to do."
76561198036093131,Recommended,224500,18403966,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,Panceratop,Too legit to quit; seriously...I've put in like 1500 hours to this game and I love it still.
76561197995063588,Not Recommended,224500,17157668,"Posted: 21 July, 2015",all,Nathan,"It's a fun enough game as it is now.  But still in Early Access, last update was almost 6 months ago and wasn't game changing.  Buy it knowing it will never complete the posted Developer Plan prerelease.The next update is to make user mods available.  Could really enhance the game or signal the end of the developer's commitment.  Or both."
76561198042111891,Recommended,224500,31038789,Posted: 9 April,all,Satoshi Kun,"Overall, a good, slightly simple graphical replacement for Dwarf Fortress. Some of the planned features were scrapped in development (like all games, I might add) and once the main planned features were added, the dev moved on to other projects. It has many similarities to Dwarf Fortress, and goes a long way in scratching that itch.I see a lot of people here complaining that the game is 'dead' or 'abandoned'. It is neither. It is simply a finished game, which, like all finished games, is no longer recieving updates. One of the few Early Access games that actually went out of early access! How refreshing. Modders are fairly active so you could get countless hours of enjoyment from this game."
,Recommended,224500,9378414,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,[WST]Phaeth,"Very replayable sand box game for those of us that like to restart maps or for those that like to stick to one method and drive.  This game is being updated with new and great features like new graphics and sound effects, new game play items like weapons and crops, or new strategies like diplomacy.Forward thinking development, but they still pay attention to the little details (like how those of us obsessed with design wanted wall lamps to make our base look cute...I mean...gnomier...).I feel like I can come back to this game for a few hours every few weeks and find something new.Just please - make a surgeon class so we can sew legs and arms back onto those poor little gnomes :(UPDATE!  They added a research option on your tinker bench so you can make prosthetic legs and arms! <3  TY developers!Also, I discovered how best to play it by watching others on the ""Lets Play"" videos on YouTube.  It's tricky - yes, but grab a tea and sit through it.  You'll catch on in no time :)"
,Recommended,224500,14786632,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,pikachu01,"Technically, somewhat akin to Dwarf Fortress. However if you haven't played Dwarf Fortress before, it's somewhat a Fortress building game where you collect resources to build workshops/weapons/armor as well as Fortress mechanics like walls/moats/gates. The depth of the game is pretty good and it focuses on survival aspects as well like food and water."
,Recommended,224500,22178298,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Mrfuzz117,"I LOVE IT, it is a little confusing, and you might want to keep a search engine handy, but this is just a good game, lots of potential, and they are using that to make it better.  Just trust me, you want this game if you like town-builders."
,Recommended,224500,22319299,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,CookieMel,"This is a brilliant game and I can sink hours and hours of my day into building up my little town.It can be a little difficult at times but fun nontheless.My only issues are that it crashes fairly frequently ,but that could be because i use a lot of mods."
76561197999230480,Recommended,224500,21483345,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,R3dtail,"I like Dwarf Fortress. Well... No, that's not accurate... I want to like Dwarf Fortress.Wat makes it difficult to like is the ungainly controls, and learning curve that's a mile high. I don't mind losing so much as I mind not having the foggiest idea of how to get from here to that point.Gnomoria makes things easier to read, visually, than Dwarf Fortress even with the best of tile packs installed. It's *just* intuitive enough to make it possible to reach your goals even if you haven't memorized exactly what order you have to build all of your parts in, to get there.Highly recommended for anyone who wants a simple, plug-and-play experience that very accurately replicates Dwarf Fortress, except in a more approachable fashion."
,Recommended,224500,21638462,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Serendipity,"Cool game. Although you really need to get used to game mechanics, otherwise you will feel it's bugged.Really crappy graphics though. I didn't think I would be capable of playing such a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ graphics game.Careful not to go beyond 200 food / 200 drinks or you're gonna get ♥♥♥♥ed by ""antman"""
76561198040187401,Recommended,224500,21648931,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Pissrat,"I bought this game after seeing it on the steam front page and doing a large amount of research on it.  I'm a fan of strategy games and building sims and was looking for a new one to get into.  I read that Gnomoria was like Dwarf Fortress light and I was intrigued.  I've wanted for a long time to get into Dwarf Fortress but have been repeatedly thwarted by the downright arcane interface.  I just can't get past it.That being said, this game still does not hold your hand.  There is no tutorial at all, you are simply dropped into the game and expected to figure it out through trial and error, or lots and lots of internet research like I did.  It reminded me a lot of my time learning to play Don't Starve, another game that I absolutely love.I'm not going to talk too much about the details of the game because honestly nobody is going to read this anyway and there are plenty of other resources that discuss that, but I am going to say that I like how the game does not really force you into fighting.  The enemies do not get stronger as time goes on (though you can switch a setting so that they do if you want) but rather they only get stronger as your kingdom value increases or as you dig deeper (depending on enemy type).  This means that there is no ""ticking clock"" component to the game (again, unless you want there to be) and you are free to just build if you want only really running into danger if you let your military fall too far behind the other aspects of your kingdom.  If you dig too deep too fast or build too much too soon without developing your military you are in for a bad time.Or, you can just turn enemies off and ignore combat altogether.If you are a fan of strategy games, building sims, economy sims, and just sandbox games in general where the only objective is really just to build what you want, then I think that the $15 is stupidly cheap for the number of entertainment hours you will get from Gnomoria.  I know it was for me."
76561198045882856,Recommended,224500,22054939,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,pharmgrinder,"This came out of early access awhile ago and so I wanted to update my review. I play this on a Linux Ubuntu 14.04 rig plugged into the living room TV. Works great and fills the screen well.Great game.This is like a cross between Minecraft and Stronghold or Minecraft and Dwarven Fortress.  It's highly addictive and you can customize your world to make it as easy or difficult as you want. If you are into to building/survival and god games then this should be a good match for you.HIghly recommended. It is in my top 10 games of the last 10 years list. I would play even more, but it's one of those that I can only play ocassionally because it sucks me right in."
76561198278136297,Not Recommended,224500,23757073,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,DK DragonKiller,I like this game But there are no new updates and cool new stuff no new updates why there arealot of bugs like my gnomes don't refill my automaton and i have fuel
,Recommended,224500,10876905,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,NZ.Deimos,Most epic SandBox game)Add Multiplayer PLZ!
76561198088919397,Not Recommended,224500,26401240,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Thor,Abandoned
,Recommended,224500,34511038,Posted: 26 August,all,vit.jpeg,"I have a... complicated relationship with this game.On one hand, I love it. The graphics are retro and appealing, the music isn't bad (if a bit repetitive), and I haven't experienced any game breaking bugs. The game is actually pretty addictive once you know what you're doing, I can easily spend 6+ hour sessions playing and building my gnomes up. I really like the theming, too.On the other hand, it's abandoned, unfinished, and maybe not worth the money to the average person. There are definitely better games in this genre. This is not a game for everyone, by far. It's got no tutorial, you're thrown in blind and you have to work it out through trial and error. I've had a few games where I'd forgotten to do something early on and all of my gnomes died out. You have to live and learn.Overall, I personally really like this game, and can get really into it. Not everyone will have the same opinion, but if you think you might be interested, look up some Youtube videos and see whether it's worth your investment."
76561198088186068,Not Recommended,224500,20577713,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Trevor266,"This game may be fun once you get it, but it's so much to learn just to do simple stuff, and the AI seems to just do whatever it wants to do and it just ruins the game for me. I had hopes for this game but man it need a LOT of work, I feel like it could be a cool game and all but yeah it just is really dry, the graphics are uninspired, and there needs to be a tutorial of some sort because just nothing about it seems to make sense. Like I said if this got fixed maybe it's a 7/10 but right now I give it a 4/10 :/"
,Recommended,224500,14220085,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Herger Joyous,Controls take a bit to get used to. Game provides some challenges. You can setup the game to play to your style. Select what creatures will spawn or just build in a peaceful mode. Love the fact you can build down or up. Some good guides here on steam recommend reviewing them before play. Takes a little bit to get the ball going. (atleast for me anyway) :Khappy:
76561197982750375,Not Recommended,224500,24794125,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,vonKarohemd,not finished.
,Recommended,224500,11524599,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,[SG] Spiritwind,"A great game!The first time I played this game, I quickly dismissed it as looking like it would probably be a bad game.  It took me being bored out of my mind to launch it again and give it an actual try.I was very surprised, once you actually figure out how everything works, and get use to the easy performance design, its a pretty awesome game.  There is a lot to do and it can really keep you ingaged.The only thing that really got on my nerves is the waiting aspect of it.  Sadly you can only x3 the speed, which if you've got a lot in queue for building, it can easily take about 1-2 hours even on the x3 speed.  I could understand if they didn't have that ""Pause if an enemy or something bad is happening feature"" but with it, I think it would be very handy to have a x7+ speed feature.Other than that, a completely awesome game!  Give it a try!"
,Recommended,224500,19702575,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,RathSky,"This game is mindblowingly addictive, but seriously, ♥♥♥♥ mants."
,Not Recommended,224500,20021948,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Imperial,"Better off playing dwarf fortress, they are in it for the long haul."
,Not Recommended,224500,23840677,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,God Bless Jon Mess,Did you really have to do the same thing that Towns' devs have done?
76561198034822738,Recommended,224500,23807176,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,mgerring,I absolutely love this game!  There are many qol features I wish were added but I think they might be addressed by mods in future.
,Recommended,224500,29471911,Posted: 24 January,all,Kamelot,I love this game. It's like dwarf fortress's litle brother.
76561198038653673,Not Recommended,224500,28539623,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,terminator426,This game gave me abandonment issues
76561198027159275,Not Recommended,224500,29174876,Posted: 10 January,all,R0UNDEYEZ,"This game is broken for me. When I launch it I can hear the game music and my monitor stays black and flashes on and off. I have uninstalled and reinstalled it, upgraded my video drivers and triple checked the game cache and nothing helps. On top of that going to the developers website  they haven't had any news, updates or word from them in almost a year so it looks like its an abandoned game that isn't going to be fixed anytime soon if ever."
76561198027187405,Recommended,224500,24003035,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Phil,Love it. Mods only make it better.
76561198025023784,Not Recommended,224500,23916030,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,viraptor,"Everyone else already mentioned how buggy the game is. Here are some fun screenshots to go with them:""We can't possibly go up the slope to build the wall - let's just stay below and starve to death instead!""https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=675591192""I spent the whole day chopping wood while injured. Thanks for building the hospital, now I can lay in bed and starve to death because nobody is assigned to care of me""https://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=675590886"
76561198068849291,Recommended,224500,17619250,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,DeathClaw,"Really good survival style game. I can't believe it is still in early access though. Does not have a tutorial, so you may have to watch videos on it or read some guidebooks to get the hang of it.  You start off with a handful of gnomes, 2 animals (back when it first came out), and some food and first aid items. You can play in peaceful mode, normal,  or hard mode(which includes attacks from creatures and other invaders.  Build a small village to maintain your gnomes or build large villages to expand your population. The music is  annoying."
,Recommended,224500,8410857,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,みoƦƦoƦ ₣o父,"Hey everyone and this is my review about the game!This is a strategy sandbox city game.Interface/Menu/SettingsThere is windows mode, fullscreen borderless and fullscreen mode.Has plenty of resolution sizes.Custom screen resolution size available.There is a music volume slidebar available with %.There is a sound volume slidebar available with %.Able to change your controls on the keyboard.Has a kingdom size (Small to huge).Has a difficulty level settings.There is advanced level settings, To toggle enemies/resources/layout and more.About the game.You start off with a couple of gnomes and some resources. You can build and dig into mountains. Making rooms or workshops. Defending yourself against enemies, finding resources and many more. Fighting on the other hand is pretty ""unfair"" against a player as you could get attacked rather quickly or overwhelmed if things are going really bad. Let's say its random number generator if it is coming to fights. You could lose limbs which could really handicap your gnome. Especially if this happends early on.Takes time to learn the game.World is randomly generated.Gnomes and enemies are able to lose limbs.Game could be really unfair towards players.Music is calm but could be annoying after awhile.Okay Graphics.Other things.Has steam workshop.-------------------I Give this game a 6/10"
,Recommended,224500,8737846,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,4th,"Essentially Dwarf Fortress 3. Very tedious but rewarding once you learn some of the things. It may take you quite a few kingdoms before you understand what you're doing, but if you have time to kill, this game is definitely one to be considered."
,Recommended,224500,21762075,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Monologamy,"[March 11, 2016]Finally it got out of Early Access and all in all it's a good game. From what I played in EA to what I played now I'd say the additions are not to big however they make the game better. This is still one of the better games out there of the same genre. (it got out of EA.)(EARLY ACCESS REVIEWOctober 15, 20154 of 6 people (67%) found this review helpful1 person found this review funny)I was delayed in making this review, mainly because I was trying to go far in the game.I got this game during a sale mainly because I was reluctant to get it as it felt like I would not like the game, but I was so wrong. Well just look at the hours I've put into the game in just about 5 playthrough (should just have been a single playthrough however I don't want to lose a single gnome).The game is not abandoned which is awesome, and so far the content is good enough. The updates are slow (but at least they come)The learning curve can be steep when you're just starting as there are no tutorials in-game.Once you get the hang of the game it's really good. Where else would you get:To kill goblins and after you killed them you can butcher them and eat their meat. (♥♥♥♥ed me up at first! lol)To kill ogres and butcher them and make sausages out uf their meat and use their skin as armor.Decapitate enemies or bleed them to death, cook their severed limbs.Scavange dead bodies.Get your Gnomes decapitated (one of my gnomes lost a limb and I was like ""what the ♥♥♥♥! Poor military gal"" Then it turned out it you can get prosthetics and rock more with it.)Make Automatons.Make a colorful armor. (Each limb wearing a different type of armor)Build minecrafty things.Farm.Cook.Brew.and a lot more things (♥♥♥♥ed up or not) to do."
,Recommended,224500,21592751,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Ethaneus,"This game is a bit difficult to understand at first, and this is to be expected. It is a dwarf fortress-alike, and very complicated. However, the further you get into the game, the better it gets. It has a huge playcap and never really gets boring. I love it, and would recommend it to anyone who is looking for a game to enjoy for a long time."
,Recommended,224500,4963863,"Posted: 14 June, 2013",all,ApgrEEid,"Что можно сказать о Gnomoria? Gnomoria - это потрясающая инди песочница, в которой вам нужно управлять поселением гномов, помогать им улучшать свою жизнь и выживать. Приятная 8-битная музыка (которую можно поменять на оркестровую, на ваш вкус), приятная графика, интересная механика и свобода действий делают эту игру - незабываемой.Подведем итог. Если вам нравятся: 8-битная музыка, песочницы, исследование пещер и подземелий, стратегии, приятная графика, то игра определенно для вас."
,Recommended,224500,9895406,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,misterhaan,"Gnomoria is overwhelming at first — enough so that It took me a few attempts and a few wiki lookups to actually get into it.  Once I did though, it was worth the effort.  It’s a great mix of exploration, building, and managing your population of gnomes.  The menus are sometimes difficult to use (especially trading with merchants which requires scrolling through long lists) and I’ve seen an update cause my gnomes to ignore their thirst until it kills them, but it’s also under active development so things are changing and new stuff keeps getting added.  Despite it being an early access game, I think there's enough there already to make it worth its full price.Sadly, Gnomoria has been abandoned.  It’s still fun, but the developer decided that since he wasn’t going to work on it anymore he may as well call what he had the full release, even though it still has a lot of the sort of problems I was expecting to see addressed late in development.  The UI is still difficult (the bug I see the most often is gnome skill tooltips that get stuck open) and performance is a lot worse than you’d expect for 2D sprite graphics.  It still feels unfinished, but it’s no longer early access so doesn’t say it’s unfinished.  How disappointing this is as far as it got — I was really enjoying watching the updates roll in."
,Recommended,224500,6086734,"Posted: 29 April, 2013",all,Euyis // 全天超困,For those who find Dwarf Fortress just way too brutal.
,Recommended,224500,10233233,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,[Cash.net] Xgpmcnp,"This is a nice game where you'll build your own city with tons of possibilities.The game is in developpement actually,and already has a nice amount of content.It's pretty hard to get a hang on it,since there is a lot of options right at the beggining,but with help,patience and the wiki open you should be able to build your city of Gnomes and defend yourself from the unrelenting assault of Goblins and Mants!"
,Recommended,224500,21153005,"Posted: 12 February, 2016",all,Lord Deviant,"Gnomoria is very similar to Dwarf Fortress, except that it is extremely simplified. This is both good and bad as it is much more enjoyable to the casual gamer, but it lacks the depth and detail of its predecessor.In Gnomoria, you manage a group of gnomes while building a new settlement. You mine rocks, gems, and ore as well as harvest trees and plant farms. Raise a herd of yaks, emus, or alpacas and use the various products to feed your gnomes, craft new items, and trade with nearby villages.Overall, I have thoroughly enjoyed the game, and I look forward to further releases."
,Recommended,224500,4872653,"Posted: 31 March, 2013",all,firestarter_Cx,"This game is pretty much dwarf fortress, except with actual graphics."
,Recommended,224500,26371419,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Alien_green,"I love this game, and yes the developers have not continue it… But as far as this goes the game is awesome and for it's price is a very amazing and interresting game!"
,Recommended,224500,25991907,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,Gwinda,"Love it. Every game is a new experience. Craft, defend, develop, farm and prosper.A fun and casual sandbox game that will suck you up for hours!"
,Not Recommended,224500,32261144,Posted: 7 June,all,xarabydun,"Gnomoria is ""inspired"" (in quotes, because it's really a complete copy/clone) of Dwarf Fortress with graphics.  There's no notable features in Gnomoria that isn't present in Dwarf Fortress, so there's no new systems to see/explore.However, Gnomoria is full of bugs/glitches.  Every 30 minutes or so, a gnome will glitch out, refuse to move or respond to commands, and die of starvation.  Every 1-2 hours, an area of the map will corrupt itself and have areas of black space (no tiles) appear in the middle on certain z-layers.  After 15 hours, my save game would no longer load and all my progress was lost.In addition to these game-breaking bugs, lots of small bugs and incomplete/missing features.  The dev claims this the game is ""finished"" and moved on to other projects, but being ""finished"" was an early access being randomly pushed into release and then never updated -- even to fix game-breaking bugs.Compared to other titles in the base building/sandbox space (Factorio, RimWorld), this game is not worth buying at any price."
,Recommended,224500,25886782,"Posted: 6 October, 2016",all,IBleedTheFifth,"Has some bugs. Is a fun game. Early access is a lie. When you buy early access you are not buying a product to be finished. You are buying a product as it is and you MIGHT get updates. Don't misunderstanding what you are buying. Even abandoned and in its current state, this is a fun game."
,Not Recommended,224500,31801583,Posted: 17 May,all,C8-H10-N4-O2,Broken and abandoned by the devs
76561198008231923,Not Recommended,224500,33123415,Posted: 2 July,all,Sciceseraph,"I REALLY want to love this game - practically endless, crafting and building..super excited to play it as soon as i saw it. Retro music, iso graphics with a rotational camera, + and - depths, combat and massive maps. But i can;t even say that i've enjoyed it.Awful controls; can't select your workers, they OFTEN go idle and require constant attention just to keep working (priorty tasks just dont work and normally just go idle instead of actually doing the next job), NO tutorial at all (thanks for the steam communinity posts for instruction) so its not a steep learning curve, not even a learning cliff -more like being thrown into space. Without a spacesuit. If you like flicking back and forth between menus instead enjoying gameplay, this game is for you - simply crafting a table takes much selecting and set up due to the auto create items NOT WORKING AT ALL. Saying you need to grind is an understatement, im no stranger nor do i dislike but this was just depressing and unrewarding.Crafting is agonising instead of fun, taking nearly the entire population just to get 1 crate made within 30min of starting the game. Think chop wood (at least 200 logs to startd making basic buildings), set area to store wood (you dont have spare crates at the start so they just dump 1 log per tile??), mine for stone (random tiles and depth making that harder), build crude workshop, mine for more stone to build a chisel, make 10 planks - 4 make a chair, 6 make a bench, THEN you can build a carpentery workshop. But you're not ready to build a crate yet, you of course need 4 more planks made to get ONE F* CRATE. I needed 6/9 of the starting population making planks of wood just so another one of my workers could build the Stonemason, stonecutter and carpenter buildings. Still took about 30min.Of course you can't even move ANYTHING you need to mess around with designating areas just to be able to use the crates you start with, just getting your hands on a crate won't let you store seeds so you actually need to mess about building a Bonecarver, loom, find some bone to make a needle, then weave cotton into bolts THEN you can make a Tailor THEN you can make string THEN you can make bags. Now you can use the seeds and all the harvested stuff withering over the fields.But the Farmer and Rancher jobs dont even do what they need too - despite bumping up the priority of the task in the controls and leaving at least one person assigned to the task, they don't even feed the yaks that you start with (the yaks leave the pastures and go eat out of your storage, making wheat fields next to them does nothing), they did nothing even when they went into poor health and died. Farms leave seeds and crops sitting on top after harvest, you need to craft storage items and assign storage areas next to the crop AND leave people with priority hauling to put the stuff away. You find your pickaxes, axes and other tools littered on the ground when your workers change tasks.There are 0 notifications - not when a job is finished, items crafted, buildings made, characters dying or getting injured, not when 1 bear killed 4 people. You cant even get your workers to equip the items you painstakingly make (like shields). The stock tab lags even without me reaching metal items or building a forge, i shudder to think what happens later on.An awesome example of an amazing concept and effort wasted - Just ordering the workers alone make this game irritating instead of fun, some times NO assigned job works and you have to pause and unpause selecting different commands just to stop one guy from wandering around doing nothing. The priority function and the building/worker assignment doesn't do jack, selecting the auto-craft ingredients actually just send the worker into idle AGAIN and you have to manually make the items anyway. Even trying to store items is painful, messing around with the checklists does make it excellent for customizing but you can accidentally end up storing literally dirt instead of your people actually picking up, let's say FOOD.Run far away until someone actually bothers to finish making this game. Then come back, because i sincerly hope it will be awesome which it deserves."
,Not Recommended,224500,27890668,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,SolarEclipz,Save yourself some money and download Dwarf Fortress. The dev still updates that game where this one is pretty much dead.
,Not Recommended,224500,31816822,Posted: 17 May,all,Zedrin,Abandonware
,Not Recommended,224500,32094286,Posted: 31 May,all,Homiccus,"I have tried to play Gnomoria, several times over the last, I don't know, six months?, coming back every now and then to see if anything changed.Uhh... no, it didn't. I have a total of under 20 minutes of ""gameplay"". That is, the actual gameplay equals to circa 5 minutes, over the only session where the game didn't bug out and CTD'ed during the world generation and only crashed after granting me few clicks on the UI...This piece of rubbish does not deserve to be named the Dwarf Fortress clone. It's a Buggoria, not Gnomoria.Stay away. Don't buy. Boycott all the games done or published by Robotronic Games. Enough is enough.And this comes from a guy that gave the No Man's Sky a positive review."
76561198059435471,Not Recommended,224500,25853627,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,jake2911,"Same as with Towns, it became abandonware and failed to deliver what was promised. A shame."
,Recommended,224500,31614956,Posted: 7 May,all,DorgoDorato,"I bought this game a few years ago, tried it, didn't understand and quit. Recently I tried Dwarf Fortress, didn't understand it and quit. However, I now fully understand Gnomoria and have put in 22 hours in a short amount of time. If you like RimWorld, Hearthstone, Towns, Dwarf Fortress or even Prison Architect then this is the kind of game you already know you love. I haven't run into any truely broken anything besides the exponential beetle hordes, but they can be turned off and you can enjoy the game even without them."
,Not Recommended,224500,21422824,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Helping Hoof,"Between the random crashes on Win7, and graphics artifacting on Linux (only game out of my library that does this), I have not been enjoying this game as much as, say, Towns.Can't recommend it in its current state."
76561198136177979,Not Recommended,224500,31985079,Posted: 26 May,all,Bebo,"just take the time to learn and play dwarf fortress, its better in every way apart from graphics."
76561198035589579,Not Recommended,224500,28651217,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Conall,Unfinished. Maybe worth it on a 90% sale.
76561197989724251,Not Recommended,224500,29818422,Posted: 9 February,all,MeatHammer,God I love this game. But... yeah you know where this is going.I wish I was smart enough to play Dwarf Fortress.
,Not Recommended,224500,28821889,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Kharneth,"I created a job to mine a fairly small plot, probably 6x6. The gnomes dug the hole out in such a way that a portion of the targeted dirt was now inaccessible. That level of micro-managing just to get started put me off almost immediately.There is no fun in having to constantly manage a gnome performing very simple tasks. If it messes up that quickly on such a simple task I shudder to think what It'd be like to perform something more complex.This game has a lot of potential and I'm sure the content is great but having to constantly fight the gnomes' AI is not something I'll deal with to get to it."
,Recommended,224500,21425265,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,princenocturne,"Dwarf fortress inspired, but Gnomoria has definitely come into its own. This game has been a great ride, one of the first early access games I supported. Every update brought more fun and more experimentation to do, different ways for my gnomes to thrive or get brutally murdered.I have watched my gnomes toil away so many different ways. From slaving away building a giant gnome out of a mountain range to building an upside down pyramid. I have watched golbins tear apart my guards and skeletons eviscerate my miners.I have built a magnificent palace for them and trading posts. Barracks and factories! Farmlands and military states! There's so many ways to play this game it's crazy. Robotronic has put heart and soul into this game over the years and it shows! I am grateful that I got to experience the journey!If you like building games, or army games, or economic games, or just like watching things die, this game is for you! Gnomoria will frustrate you and entertain you, but always leave you with a fulfilled feeling no matter the outcomes."
76561197988494930,Recommended,224500,21434572,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Cortilian,"Now that is the game is released I'd really like to write a review in support of the developer. m This game is in the vein of Dwarf Fortress or Towns.  It isn't as complex as DF but has a vastly superior interface.  It is a hands down better game than Towns.If you have played either of those games this is like those but in a pretty wrapper.  Take your gnomes, cut trees, plant food, make beds, mine ore, smelt ore, form an army, etc.  It is a well designed game and a blast to play.  Monster spawning could be done better.  Caverns underground would be nice. But we can't have everything, I suppose.Overall a big thumbs up on ths game though.  Well worth the money."
,Recommended,224500,30671541,Posted: 22 March,all,meangreanhare,"The game is certainly playable.  Perhaps not the best optimized, and I wish it would still be updated, but it is not an incomplete beta like some will say.  My hope is that development will soon resume, or that parts of it will be released as open source so development can continue within the community."
76561198030796630,Recommended,224500,21419796,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,vambees,"A more easily accessed Dwarf Fortress. If you've played DF you know what to expect. If you're tired of waiting for DF to come out of alpha and actually resemble a fully marketed and playable game, Gnomoria. I really enjoy it."
,Recommended,224500,21424684,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Murmanox,"It might take a few hours to figure out what you're doing but once you nail down the basics it's fairly intuitive and very fun. Similar to dwarf fortress in many ways, but much easier to get into while still remaining extremely unforgiving."
76561197970500869,Recommended,224500,9002155,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,Playboywillis,Man this game is great.  I got something like 5 gnomes and a dog.  All they ever do is stand in one spot.  Very pretty though.4.5 stars
,Recommended,224500,23197754,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Itsapaul,"Basically Dwarf Fortress light, though early game plays exactly the same more or less.  Food seems to be easier to come by and of course DF will always be more involved, but this is a nice accessable version."
76561197969095869,Recommended,224500,24651712,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Gniwii,As a town builder this is a nice Dwarf Fortress clone. Does not have the history or depth of Dwarf Fortress but is MUCH easier to jump into and watch some Gnomes die. MUCH easier to play and has the potential to be far better with further updates. If you want to build a town and defend it from goblins and giant ant men then this is a definate buy.
,Not Recommended,224500,28803384,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,phresno,"The game is unintuitive and hard to jump into. That combined with the random crashes and long time between autosaves make it exceptionally unappealing.Other areas of demerit include the bad isometric view, lack of HUD type indicators for overall statuses or conditions of anything, inability to determine why a gnome isn't following priority orders, and frequency of gnomes getting stuck on large jobs such as mining where they trap themselves.The game disappoints in all regards."
76561198042311729,Recommended,224500,21140395,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,HONK,The closest thing to dwarf fortress with a good UI and nice graphics.
,Recommended,224500,32509752,Posted: 17 June,all,That Ginger Canadian,"It's a fantastic game with hours of playability, and quite a few mods allowing hours more. It's a fantastic dwarf fortress clone, and frankly quite more enjoyable.All/Most of the negative reviews are upset that the developer did not commit to his original plan. However the developer still produced a fantastic game. It is disappointing that it wasn't finished to the extent that was originally planned. However life happens and projects sometimes just need to be tidied up and considered finished."
,Recommended,224500,10192692,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Lousywater,"Played this for about 10 minutes before declaring, ""I can't take this gnome more!"" and evacuating the premises."
76561198011390437,Recommended,224500,22053633,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Mikhail MechHitler,"Gnomoria has a steep learning curve, but doesnt leave you♥♥♥♥♥♥bleeding like dwarf fortress. This is a 2D city builder, you can schedule tasks, but the little ♥♥♥♥♥ work at their leisure so that urgent thing you needed done to protect your gnomes, give em two weeks and maybe they'll get it in. All in all, great game, I keep coming back to play it from time to time!"
76561197999434138,Recommended,224500,22161418,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Rhonin,"Awesome game, fine ware for you money. Tough curve at start but it pays off to learn it."
,Recommended,224500,29020298,Posted: 4 January,all,Barbour,"Enjoyable resource manager, just need to remember to try and not speed ahead too fast or suffer the consequences."
76561198040962213,Recommended,224500,22150962,"Posted: 30 March, 2016",all,Syruden,"It's complicated playing, but I like it. Keeps me on my toes, and it's pretty cool to feel like a pixal king controlling your subjects...Pixal Peasants!"
76561198262048111,Recommended,224500,24163038,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Airllar,"A lot to do in this game, great building interface and many ways to run your settlement/economy. Customizable difficulty and peaceful mode are also appreciated. Definitely recommend for anyone who likes building games."
,Not Recommended,224500,25298498,"Posted: 1 September, 2016",all,cdarklock,"I really wanted to like Gnomoria, but the learning curve is huge, and it just doesn't look like there is going to be any payoff.Basically once you manage to wrap your head around how to make the gnomes do the stuff you want done, and you can look at the map and say ""we need to do that,"" and then you send them out to make it? That will be pretty cool.But ""pretty cool"" is like all it will ever be. I don't see any particular promise that the game will ever be FUN.Meanwhile, I don't understand what like eighty percent of this stuff does. It's like I have to jump through eighty hoops to make a little minor thing like a sawmill and then I jump up and yell ""YATTA!"" because I can make planks.Which means now I have to set up a brand new little production line of cutting down trees and bringing them to a stockpile close to the sawmill where they can be picked up and brought to the sawmill and made into planks which now must be moved to a NEW stockpile which... should... be somewhere close to whatever I am doing with the planks. What was I doing with the planks again?Oh yeah, nothing. I have no idea what I need planks to do. I have some vague notion that I can do something with them, but I don't really know what and I'm not even sure I need to do it in the first place. But, hey, there are planks. There's got to be a reason, right? So I should have some. Just in case.I appreciate the idea here, which is kind of like someone said ""what would happen if we combined Minecraft with Dwarf Fortress and the Sims?"" but it looks to me like the answer is ""we would do it wrong and it would suck, so we would lose interest and abandon the project.""Gnomoria basically fails to be a good building and crafting game because it doesn't give you any real agency and control. Then it fails to be a good tower defense game because getting to the tower defense parts requires ploughing through the tedious and difficult crafting game. And then it isn't a good sandbox game because it makes you build very specific things in and around the sandbox before you get to play in it.So essentially, it's three tolerable alpha releases - there are way too many bugs, although nothing I ran into was really game-breaking - wrapped up into a package where none of them make the others any better and have arguably made them worse.It's a decent case study of where good intentions lead, though. It's clear that throughout this project, the developer WANTED it to be a good game, and tried really hard to make it one. It isn't really even his fault that it's not. But it's, you know. Not."
76561197965074451,Recommended,224500,34715219,Posted: 3 September,all,Elyotna,"Although it is no longer in development, it remains my favourite base building game to this day. And trust me, I've tried them all, Rimworld and Dwarf Fortress included.Pros:- 3D map, and nice isometric 3D graphics to go along with it. It's just great to be able to dig so low you encounter magma, and to build things that go up to the sky.- Great job priority system. You want that gnome to be a main metalworker, going farming when he has nothing else to do, but being the first medic to respond asap ? Done. I however highly recommend the ""gnomoria enhanced"" software if you don't want to waste hours browsing through your gnomes' individual stats.- Good control over the stockpiles as well.- Superb performance. 50 gnomes, x128 speed ? No problem, 20% CPU usage on my i5-5670k.- The final version has been so far bug-free for me (at least dealbreaker bug-free, there are a few non-lethal issues that happen rarely).- The game doesn't pause while you're issuing jobs. This is my biggest complaint in DF, so I'm mentionning it here..- The combat and weapon/armour system is complex.Cons:- Lack of Lore/Background/Exotic things. If you love the tantrums and other extraordinary random achievements that you get in DF, you will be disappointed here.- Repetitive, although after tens of hours. I recommend the ""strong start"" mod to get rid of the boring start once you have played enough.- Lack of enemy diversity.- Somewhat painful UI, especially for browsing gnomes, skills and stats. Although like I said, ""gnomoria enhanced"" - a third party exe - helps tremendously here. The UI for issuing jobs is however intuitive and well thought out."
76561198126280492,Recommended,224500,23901153,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Urist,"This game and the reviews for it originally drove me to Dwarf Fortress, a game that I immediately fell in love with and have continued to play for years while Gnomoria remained shunted to the side. If I never read this games reviews I would have never played the greatest game in the world so thank you devs."
,Recommended,224500,21435054,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,rrhvella,"Excellent game. Very happy to see it emerge from early access. Really well designed interface, fun gameplay, and immense depth."
76561198046621898,Recommended,224500,21441819,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,the.degenerate.subspace,"My favorite game.If you have trouble getting started it is because there is a lot of depth here. Just take it slow. Figure out how to play on Easy, then take on a higher challenge. VERY challenging but so worth it.FUN!"
,Recommended,224500,24542254,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,LionelParks,"I usually don't take the time to write reviews, but this one deserves it. Gnomoria is a fantastic game that I have been playing on-and-off for quite a while now, since it was in early access. I haven't played a lot of similar games, like the one most compare it to: Dwarf Fortress, but I was hooked on this one pretty fast.The main reason I want to write this review though is to counter the recent reviews the game has received for being 'abandoned by the developers'. First of all, if you're going to say something like that, do your research. This game was made by one guy. A single person. Not a development TEAM. One person, who had a dream. He put in massive amounts of work on this game, even worked with the modding community to help them integrate everything before he was even finished. I think that, taking that into consideration, this is a pretty amazing piece of work. Then he had a kid, so his life got a little hectic, but he still did what he needed to do, because this game was a big deal to him.All that being said, is the game perfect? No. Very rarely do I ever see a 'perfect' game. If that's what you're looking for, go to sleep and have some dreams. Maybe you'll find one there. But for what it is, this game is fantastic, and I love it dearly. Even in early access when it was super buggy, it was worth the cost. I'll keep coming back to this one every so often, simply because it's fun and addicting."
,Not Recommended,224500,32271859,Posted: 8 June,all,Midjji,"This game had significant potential, the basics of building is there, but the economy is dreadfully dull and often outright broken. Nothing ever happens and the UI is rather bad. I was hoping for rimworld in 3d but there is nothing of that depth or character to this game. Hopefully the devs will fix it, but it certainly does not look like that."
76561198040524294,Recommended,224500,25657244,"Posted: 23 September, 2016",all,corey_chili,simple yet addicting
,Recommended,224500,25794229,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,BattelMatter,"lots of weird little bugs that cause crashing, and sometimes the combat just straight up ♥♥♥♥s you over in a single hit. ""frank was hit in the throat by a goblin fist, crushing the skin, crushing the neck, frank is suffocating. frank has died. Though some combat feeds are exceptionaly comical to read through."
76561197972454315,Recommended,224500,13704703,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Frilly Bunny,"NO Do not play this game, 182 hours of single player constant struggle only to die in the end.... 182 hours of sitting in the dark trying to get the stupid gnomes to do their job. Only play if you have nothing to do for the next three days."
,Recommended,224500,9199092,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,PythonHugs,Want to play Dwarf Fortress but like graphics? This is the game for you! Keeps getting better and better. Thanks devs! :)
76561198040711537,Recommended,224500,16744448,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,md.ford,"I'm writing this review for gnomoria after reading a negative review about it still being in early access after all this time. I find that very misleading, yes its in early access but should it be there? EA games could learn a lot from this game. Even in early access gnomoria is more finished than most if not all EA games.In fact should EA games stand for electronic arts or Early Access games!As far as I am concerned this game is Finished and shouldn't be early access, he just doesn't seem to want to stop working on it! does that deserve a negative review?I keep falling for the same thing, thinking how good an early access game looks. I buy it and then what progress seems to slow to a crawl or just stop.I dont play gnomoria that much now, mostly because its a serious time sink. With that in mind look at how long most reviewers have played it for!I am not comparing game play, but I have played GTA V for 71 hours and I'm bored, GTA price £40. Gnomoria 276 hours and I cant play it anymore because it takes way too much of my time, price £5.99.OK the graphics suck, it isn't simple to learn and it can be frustrating. But this is a damn good little game and worth every penny.Sorry rant over."
,Recommended,224500,9505732,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,A'den,"Despite the fact that the game isn't done yet, it offers great fun. Starting from small group of Gnomes, you create big society. Gnomes do everything by themselves, and player's duty is to show them what to do. You just order them to create farm, but it will be done by gnome whose job is agriculture, not the one you choose (well unless you change his/hers proffesion). Wide amount of materials, workshops and God-knows-what-else causes you always have something to do: change equipment from old, stone swords to new ones, securing your grounds from golbins and ect. building crazy structures... This game has a potential. It's worth it's price"
76561198050613198,Recommended,224500,12907384,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Rehemy,10/10 wud deffs d8 m8
,Recommended,224500,13117775,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Nuudels,"It's nice when you know how to play, but I have no idea how to play because it doesn't really have a tutorial."
76561197994956951,Recommended,224500,10932473,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Revista,"Joguinho TOP de gerenciamento / construção de cidades. Muito bacana pra quem gosta do gênero, recomendo."
76561198056667206,Recommended,224500,24445346,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,21st Rct. Nabex78,I love this game for many reason but it saddens me that the dev decided there would be NO MORIA updates... HAHAHAHAHAHAHAHA HOHOHOHO HAHAHAHAHAHA.
,Recommended,224500,13110985,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,KingHiss,"Get your gnome on, soNNnNnNN!"
,Recommended,224500,7918507,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,NimrodX,"This is an absolutely awesome implementation of the most basic core Dwarf Fortress  ""fortress mode"" mechanics with a UI that makes a Dwarf Fortresslike game very accessible to those who are too put off by the ASCII graphics and UI of DF. I don't mean to make it sound like a ""DF clone"" because really Dwarf Fortress is way too elaborate of a simulation to simply be ""cloned"", and even as elaborate as it is now, Gnomoria still doesn't implement 95% of the insane level of detail in DF. But Gnormoria successfully makes the DF style of game very accessible and is successfully heading off in its own direction in game mechanical terms. Even in the early access state, it's very playable and worth buying especially given the low price."
76561198048299947,Recommended,224500,9868685,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,BleepBeep Bloop,"Quick heads up guys.the devs have NOT abandoned this game!!they just make slower updates, check the steam community for this game!I personaly love this game and I'm sure if we just hang on it will be a gem!"
,Recommended,224500,18781353,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,=AJSA= Yomoholo,"I kid you not this is a true storyThere once was a great nation named Avalon. wealthy and powerfule beyond compare, with fields and castles everywhere.a nations of gnomes it was, true and fair, but plagued by attacks from the evil goblin kingdom of dispair.as the attacks grew in number the gnomes withderew to thier ancient fortress of cahsew.starveing and sourrounded on all sides they were the old gnomes wailed in dispaire. but one day came when thier final hour was nigh. and up on the hills a light did shine. a glorious man with a hammer and sales to spare did charge allone to save avalon from dispaire. great gabin did charge with his ban hammer held high.and so fair gaben did bannish the goblin hoards. single handedly so and so. the gnomes so greateful made him king and so.the powerful kingdom of avalon would live agian. under the rule of great gaben time and time agian. old avalon would never fall agian.and to this day all gnomes do pray to lord gaben thier king, thier saviour and thier seller of salesgaben.10/10 would sale agian"
,Recommended,224500,8755494,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,MrTestOne,"Rating: 8/10Pretty nice little sandbox game. Constantly getting some updates, that's what i like. :) Just missing some kind of ""end game content"", since there is almost nothing to do after the base defense is set up to deal with infinite numbers of those attacking mobs. But still a very enjoyable game!"
76561198017197756,Recommended,224500,18145960,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,Alexander,Only early access game I've bought where I've gotten my moneys worth.
76561198042735607,Recommended,224500,17215046,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,Smuggly Puff,Better than Minecraft! 10/10
,Recommended,224500,17991116,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,RICK SANCHEZ,legal nao entendi ♥♥♥♥♥ nenhuma
,Recommended,224500,20065958,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Giorno Giovana,"A nice Dwarf Fortress alternative for ""ASCII Blind""."
76561198015321515,Recommended,224500,19279345,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Christopher,Great sandbox game. Like Dwarf Fortress with less complexity and an easier learning curve.
,Recommended,224500,28636320,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,JonTurK,Oyun güzel fontlar hariç. Need Font option.
,Recommended,224500,19009056,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Katana,"My time played.. nuff said!With the addition of steamworkshop and mods the great game become a true gem! Not the easiest game out there, but it caters both to those who just want a pretty city/castle and to ppl who want to bash goblin-heads!12/10!"
,Recommended,224500,28932024,Posted: 2 January,all,JestDotty,"I love it. Dwarf Fortress with a GUI.But at its current stage it can be gamebreakingly buggy in some saves and I lose them... The developer has unfortunately abandonned the project and I wish he really had not, or open sourced it for others to take over.If you get lucky or can overlook or work past the bugs this game is still very solid/finished feeling. It has content for >50 hours depending on how quickly you learn and how creative you get. I also feel inclined to come back after a year or two to experience it again -- it is a genre of game that is seldmon executed well or easy to control, but unforgettable and eversought anyway.So if it sounds interesting --- get it. If you're played dwarf fortress -- I doubt you'd be impressed, but for those who cannot get over df's unfriendliness this is the game to go to."
,Recommended,224500,11127150,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Illustrio,"No pesky ice wizards out to ruin my innocent fun10/10 would wall in an ugly bearded little beastie and leave him to starve, cold and alone in the bowels of the earth again."
76561198001020781,Recommended,224500,23074748,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Yggdrasil,"I've been following this game for long before it hit the Steam and it's awesome. Only on steam I have more than 150 hours (probably between 500 and 1000 counting all the time).The game is recommended for all those who like DF style games. Old school graphics and a lot of things to do.Create a happy city, trade, dig and survive.No tutorial, learn by yourself or go to youtube and mimic others. The choice is yours and you decide the objective."
76561198030758804,Recommended,224500,9803900,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,eloy2030 #LHT,If you like building and management you should definitely buy this game!
76561197970796613,Recommended,224500,19580567,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Eiskalt,Great Game! Played it a lot. There is a lot of fine tuning in the economy possible. You need to read guides though.
76561198030149924,Recommended,224500,19576226,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,WarFerret,This is one of the most fun games I have played - ever. 3 Decades of gaming and this is def in my top 10 fun games. It is certainly the best city builder I have played. Thank you for all the hours of entertainment /salute
76561197994666162,Recommended,224500,19611945,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Wraithtalon,Might not be as deep as dwarf fortress but it's still very fun to play.
,Recommended,224500,16309724,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,soopaflyjoe,This game was odd to learn atfirst but it is one of my fav games on steam of all time.prosbuild anythingrobotstradingelectricty/power systemarms/hand/feet/legs/head/eyes can all be choped off your gnomesfarming/Animalswater move nicelyhuge world/ tiny world ( always 100 or so layers deep)full 3d 2d veiw. ( 4 angles of veiws for a full 3d 2d feel)items changes color and stats based on material their made of.conskinda hard to learn do to its a simply complex way of making them do things.(once you know what your doing your ok)Some bugs ( with me its usaly a gnome standing their trying to pick up something but can't. can be fix by replacing floor.)
76561198007224615,Recommended,224500,23884824,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,sirseptin,"Gnomoria is a fantastic managment and sandboxy game that lets you decide exactly what you want and how you will get there. Called dwarf fortress-lite by some I can see it but that is a good thing to me. The UI is SO much better than Dwarf fortress in every single way. I also feel not having things like exactly modeling of every detail of your gnomes pysche is not a negative. I like dwarf fortress but the excessive detail it to much very often.You can make it as easy or hard as you like with monsters and how much ore the map contains and how far down it is beneath the earth. Decide if you want no monsters or have a army every time they show up. For the money you can easily lose yourself for hundreds of hours in this game. I wish I had the time to play it more, nothing like starting a awesome little kingdom and watching it grow to 20-30 gnomes strong or more. Some Quality of Life things that coud be fixed but sadly the Dev now has to do other things to make a living.Summary, an excellent game well worth the money asked for it but it is as it is and unlikey to get more patches."
,Recommended,224500,23913760,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Willkjj,Awesome Game! I wish there was a good tutoril for it but its still awesome!
76561198276744383,Recommended,224500,20634691,"Posted: 19 January, 2016",all,smuyskens11,i absoultly love this game! its amazing city builder so fun and classic looking.
76561197966568064,Recommended,224500,9581761,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Bie,"Enjoyable building sim game. Guide your Gnomes and build up a prosperous community for them. Reminiscent of Dwarf Fortress, but with updated graphics and better user interface. It is by no means as deep or complicated as Dwarf Fortress, but it does capture the basics of it.Watching your original group of Gnomes successfully build up their settlement and eventually letting it grow to a busteling town gives you a gratifying feeling. To succeed you must manage the Gnomes' workload and see to it that they are well fed and kept out of harms way. Goblins and other nasties will soon try to invade your settlement, so you'll also have to build up your own army as well.  Flexibility and freedom are core in this game. Build your town how you want it.The graphics are basic, but I find that not a problem for this kind of game. The user interface is managable, but could be better. The artificial intelligence can sometimes be a bit quirky. And finally, for me, the gameplay could be a bit more deep."
,Recommended,224500,9584220,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,This Puny Human,"If you ever played Dwarf Fortress, think of this game as a very simplified version with way better graphics. And gnomes."
,Recommended,224500,9390284,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,zaratz,very nice game even though its df with better graphics...that being said i dont seem to know what to do as eveything i do fails :/could be nice with a toturial showing most of the basics.
,Recommended,224500,9412447,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Levaduro,"It like Dwaft Fortress but with nicer graphs. Still it has few options and events (compared to DF) but i hope they add all sort of things for the release.The game is still easy and predictable, not like DF."
,Recommended,224500,9442711,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Coach MCGUIERK,"Complicated as hell, no in game tutorial / assistance. Once you do get it going all you have to do is sit back and it plays itself for you.- kkljsafklanklgajiphwillll   You're Playing winter games!"
76561198029634105,Recommended,224500,9460178,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,DEADBEEF,"As many people have said, this is a lot like dwarf fortress.The good:it does not have the crazyness that is dwarf fortressThe bad:it does not have the crazyness that is dwarf fortress"
76561197983296903,Recommended,224500,9283707,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Prothvar,Love this game put over 24 hours in 2 or so days.
76561198033988561,Recommended,224500,9285266,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,FalloutLegion,"Super fun sand box game. Extreme addiction possible (just one more, task and i'll go to bed.... oh crap its 4am) The game is also updated all the time so its getting even better =)"
76561197980827759,Recommended,224500,9286425,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,inmate 4859,"best game on stem. great work!bestes spiel auf steam, grandiose arbeit!"
76561198051281572,Recommended,224500,9300014,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,[VF4] Panderman,This is a fun game to play for a time waster once you figure out the basics its fun its a good game if you like pixal games and micromanagment
,Recommended,224500,9308019,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Chad,Fun game
76561198056847594,Recommended,224500,9366030,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Danklett,Gnomira relaly fun good game.
,Recommended,224500,9948359,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Draconspy,Very fun game. a lite game similar to drawf fortress.
,Recommended,224500,9974676,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,alrecenk,"Gnomoria is a bit brutal to new players. You'll almost definitely have to follow a guide to survive your first year, but there's a lot of depth and enjoyment to be had building your fortress/empire once you've figured out the basics.How many gnomes you get and how difficult the monsters are depends on your ""kingdom value"", so you can manage the difficulty by simply limiting the valuables you create until you're ready. Also, the amount of gnomes you get is based on how many you're supposed to have for your kingdom value. If you lose gnomes during a season you'll get more gnomes on the next migration to make up for it, so as long you don't get wiped you can always recover. Better food and drink make your gnomes work faster, better beds and rooms make them sleep less, and you can optimize storage and production chains by specializing gnomes and carefully placing your workshops.The early game is survival, the mid game is improving efficiency, and the late game is creative construction. This type of game is probably not for everyone, but if you're a stubborn strategic control freak creative mastermind you'll love it."
76561198021917807,Recommended,224500,9983383,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,Ltc. Frost,So far I'd rate this as 7/10This game deperitly needs a toturial to understand how to play the game. It has a help menu which explains lots of stuff but not very useful with how to play the game. Although the game is rather addicting.
76561198012015560,Recommended,224500,9996955,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,nonomo,"Very good game, most of the time even if i like the game i don't post recommendations but exception for this oneThe updates who are more than frequents, more important the update are concerning all the things you find problematics and even thoses you didn't thought were (and thus improve realy the game)."
76561197988024012,Recommended,224500,10010488,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Shazarak,This is very fun to play. Like being creative with building and mining?  Enjoy Dwarf Fortress? Give this one a try.
,Recommended,224500,10025128,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,-=*~Ray_J~*=-,"Amazing game, highly addictive. One or two bugs but to be expected while still in development.New fetures added quite often enhancing the gameplay even more.Trying to find the best stratergy to keep your kingdom from harm is key, good luck!"
,Recommended,224500,9856613,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Deviant Psycopath,"If you want a timesink, this is the game for you - just think, Dwarf Fortress in a layout you can understand without needing to install extra crap to make sense of it all.  My only non-recommendation: Wait until a ""hotfix"" is out for the most recent patch unless you want gnomes training until the point of death."
76561197960886830,Recommended,224500,9880136,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Radek,"Really nice addicting building game. Dig, build, defend and build some more. Its like minecraft in settlers. Does have som bugs though, but save often and dont care."
76561198055396960,Recommended,224500,10070490,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Proraven19,"This game is just great! I know that the developers say it is still under construction, but i can't really see much they have to do to get it running. The only thing i would say about this game is thas people who say they don't like it because they played for less than twenty minutes are idiots. Yes the game might be hard to understand in the first ten minutes of play but if you look at the controls you shouldn't come across any problems and they even have a help button just in case you don't understand. I know that there might be some problems with glitches and bugs. But every game has them and if they are encounteredby a player then the developers fix it as fast as possible.But overall just a brilliant game!"
,Recommended,224500,9257179,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Skaw,"It's an easier version of Dwarf Fortress. Sure, you don't have the deep of DF (yet!) but it's a fun game and by no means a casual one, even if it's easier.As the game still is on 'Early access', the game don't have the deep of the DF (nor the years and years of development) but keeps improving with every patch (expect a patch every 2-3 weeks period).For 6€, or even cheaper on sales, this game gives you lots and lots of fun."
,Recommended,224500,19457187,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Lyle,Fun Sandbox Game. You set up different tasks and your gnomes complete them. Very Playable on the Steam Controller.
76561198023758005,Recommended,224500,19460053,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,JAHLAHPENOH,"Dwarf Fortress: Arcade Edition.  Continued support and mods, already great and it can get even better."
,Recommended,224500,19726468,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Mr.Outsider,If u want a fun DF clone look no farther.
76561198006148422,Recommended,224500,19785786,"Posted: 19 December, 2015",all,JonnyD73,"Ok, so far to date, one of the best Town builder type of games I have played. I love the music and the options you have. The interface if easy to use and you don't have to set up complex series of commands and hope someone will do the job. There are a few snag areas you can run into, but if you take your time and think things out, you will do fine. It also allows you to choose some of the aspects of the map you want to set up. This gives you the ability to make a large or small, flat or mountainous, bumpy or smooth map. It also lets you choose the resource abundance, and enemy aspects. I like that they add trading and diplomacy into the game as well. Over all, I would say there isn't much more that they could add to this game to make it better. I have a lot of time in this game, but that is because I could leave a ton of commands set up, go to bed, wake up for work and check to see if they were done. Then go to work, come home and see where they were at. At times, it was like have an amazing ant farm, and other times, I would return to find out, a bear had gotten into my town and killed all my little gnomes. The game is definately worth it though if you like city building and time management. You also can't beat the price."
76561198044940982,Recommended,224500,20055727,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,TCross97,"This game is great, I have had many hours of enjoyment on this game. I started off hating it because I thought it was way to complicated to be able to enjoy it; but after some time and effort I was able to get the gist of the game and still find it a pleasure to play.The only con I have to this game is after you get your kingdom super well off and your doing really well, it seems to reach a point where the game just can't handle all that is going on anymore, there's to much for it. Maybe it's a hardware issue but I have seen it happen in many different situations."
76561198090805695,Recommended,224500,20076022,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,tetaybabie,I love this game.
,Recommended,224500,20076701,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Cat,"This game is awesome, one of the best city builder game ever, pixel graphics + great soundtrack makes this game even better. Gnomoria has a trading cards, so it's even better, bugs are really rare. Animations aren't that cool, but i think it  doesn't matter. Problem is no multiplayer, and i know this game is for Singleplayer but just imagine how cool is building great castle with your friend.so...pros:good gameplayone of the best city builderpixel graphicssoundtracktrading cardsworkshopconspixel graphics ( 50% of ppl like this and 50% h8 it )no multiplayer support8.5/10"
,Recommended,224500,20101458,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Audasaurus Rex,I have finally figure out how to play this game. It's way easier than Dorf Fortress and this makes me happy. It might be early access but it's already more of a game than a lot of released games.
,Recommended,224500,20199192,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Mogregio,Really enjoyed the time ive put into this game. got it when it first hit early access and have playe dit ever since. Was a bit disappointed that it was fully released before all of the development goals had been hit though
76561198023753528,Recommended,224500,20305224,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Mags,"7/10 (And slipping)Pros:- Concept is very cool.- Lots to do, build, fightCons:- Borderline Abandonware- NOT optimized, will bog down even the best systems eventually- A.I. can be very frustrating at times."
76561198023934313,Recommended,224500,20311530,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,JV3n,Aweosme & Customizable
76561198055182875,Recommended,224500,20363962,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,Karl Phoenix,My villagers dismembered a goblin limb from limb literally while the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ was dragging himself.Poorly crafted/10Psycho gnome town management simulator
,Recommended,224500,20370455,"Posted: 7 January, 2016",all,Falkke,It's a cool dwarf fortress like
76561198041812521,Recommended,224500,20477776,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,nettpuppy,"For me this game has great 1st time play. Maybe more than just the 1st play through, but was it comes down to is that there is no real build diversity. Everytime you start a game it is always the same way. If there was something that you could do in your first season that put you twards some tech faster than the other techs then for me it would make the game more replayable."
76561198027668470,Recommended,224500,19092901,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,L0ki,"Gnomoria has the right mix of difficulty and management. You can micromanage as much or as little as you please, but the more the better. Graphics are basic, get over it. Buy it for the FUN not for the looks."
76561198022418529,Recommended,224500,22085133,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,paynetcu,
76561198165830250,Recommended,224500,21486136,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,TheBluKnight,Great game really like it
76561197971261464,Recommended,224500,21523824,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,seraph144,"An incredibly fun game; well worth the price. Very similar to Towns, for those who have played that game."
,Recommended,224500,8674867,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Tresky,Gnomoria is built off of an awesome concept... the concept of Dwarf Fortress. The people who made this game essentially made a dumbed down version of Dwarf Fortress and added their own twists to it. This makes for a fantastic game that provides a level of almost infinite creativity and gameplay. I highly recommend this game (it's only $8.00).
,Recommended,224500,8453148,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Didgy,"Fun, but not as much fun as I thought it could be.There are frustrating moments when you have no idea why the gnomes wont do what they're told, and the grind to get anywhere is mind numbingly boring at the start.The game has great potential, and I really like what the developers are doing with it - but for now I would hold off buying in until a few more kinks are worked out.Still going to give it a ""Thumbs Up"", as once you get past the few annoyances, you can start playing on Friday Night and it has the ability to keep you pushing that little bit further, and the next thing you know you're late for work on Monday."
,Recommended,224500,8353742,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,human bean,"If you liked Dwarf Fortress then this is a decent buy, it's essentially DF with graphics."
76561198095122824,Recommended,224500,17621123,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Mr.Bobbert,addictive
,Recommended,224500,11881640,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Cilicou,"-- WHY NOT ? --Simple, not innovative, but complete! Gnomoria takes the principle of Dwarf Fortress with good graphics, basic commands and a ""different"" way to approach things! for me the only reason I don't like to play Dwarf Fortress is because of the graphics and the fact (I know I can change it but NO) Gnomoria is there to help you understand all the fun you can get with this strategy/sandbox game ! :) It's a 8/10 for me !"
,Recommended,224500,18039768,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,ShakeTheSnake,THE SOUNDTRACK!
,Recommended,224500,11090814,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,madru,A Honey Badger killed all my 3 remaining gnomes. 10/10
,Recommended,224500,4560475,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,T-Rex,"Отличный аналог Towns,хотя я в него пока что не играл)Пока что идёт тестирование,нельзя сказать однозначно.Лично я н еразобрался в управлении и системе игрыПоставим пока ей 7/10"
76561198096768903,Recommended,224500,12922712,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Bryan Carroll,it is fun
76561198020831068,Recommended,224500,11768378,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Dalla,If DF were made by toddlers.
,Recommended,224500,9228272,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Dooter,Really challenging and fun game inspired by some of my favourite titles.
,Recommended,224500,9438778,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Thunder Child,"This game is my absolute favorite early access game I have.  It already is worth a buy and new content is being released every month, if you want to feel really happy inside then buy this game.  Also if you bought towns and were disappointed this game will make up for it, hell might even be worth double the cost it's sold for."
76561198087541457,Recommended,224500,8267849,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Haunter,AWSOME
,Recommended,224500,4371518,"Posted: 14 June, 2013",all,BloodCrow,Terrible
,Recommended,224500,10002465,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,evilm,"Updating my review:Full release is great. Love the music -- the orchestral version -- the job queuing is 1000x better than it was in EA. I'll leave it on in the background while I'm working at night so my gnomes can work through their queues while I do something else.It is definitely a slower-paced for someone with patience, but it is very rewarding."
76561198118584694,Recommended,224500,9001880,"Posted: 6 February, 2014",all,jcenter75,Pleasantly surprising.Pros:  Bunch of gnomes build stuff while you sit back and relay orders.Cons:  Sometimes gnomes behave oddly and floors float in space.Overall: 8.5 of 10
,Recommended,224500,18390183,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,Justin Hinds & The Dominoes,props to whoever produced the soundtrack <3
76561197972393951,Recommended,224500,18913368,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Mr.GXP,"A very toned down version of Dwarf Fortress in 3D.  The game is fun, but could benefit from greater complexity and more content."
,Recommended,224500,18732502,"Posted: 28 October, 2015",all,Flacketeer,After playing Towns for so long I didn't realize this genre could be so much better. I'm home.
,Recommended,224500,18647875,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,King Mo,so good
76561198053686045,Recommended,224500,29491275,Posted: 25 January,all,"Jan, zoon van Jan","Only people who play games, play this game."
76561198005386045,Recommended,224500,18187691,"Posted: 25 September, 2015",all,Gaardian,"Great game, can be complicated at first."
,Recommended,224500,12443569,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Señor Bastardo,"Gnomoria is decent town simulator game for those who either played Dwarf Fortress or are looking for something more than banished. The community is very active and the devs are very good and quite approachable. The forums are very helpful for new players and are constantly reviewed by more experienced players.Pro's- Easy to use UI- Gameplay the entices you to try again after you fail- Moderate native content but a fairly active modding community that adds alot of depth- Retro style 8-bit graphics- Regular Updates (Cancelled)Con's- No in game tutorial meaning you have to trawl youtube and the forums to learn how to play- Limited range of enemies, sometimes destroying goblins and mants just isnt enough- Very AddicitiveOverall a great game headed for a greater future. :DEdit*Unfortunately the developer of this game is no longer working on it, bascially since the game left early access there have been no official updates. However the modding community has kept the game alive to some extent.It is sad for me, as in the foreseeable the future of my favourite game is dark."
,Recommended,224500,27520019,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Zurro,Funny and addictive.
,Recommended,224500,8319671,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,jonah70,lol citty
76561198111501643,Recommended,224500,13025518,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,"Clint, The Cat From Eastwood","I cant believe im saying this, but it needs a tutorial... i cant figure out how to make the gnomes do anything. When i try to mine some stone, the miner ignores me, and after the trees were finally cut, the gnomes would not pick them up, but all in all this game has potential and i cant wait for the final product."
76561197998914441,Recommended,224500,27730600,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,afdx3,"Gnomoria has brought thousands of hours of enjoyment to my family over the years. So much so, that I have purchased this game multiple times for friends and family. It's basically a colony sim with heavy management elements, city building and some soft strategy. 2D Isometric pixel art and quaint musical themes really hits the sweet spot. It's a shame for sure that development has stopped. Though the game as it stands is so very playable and re-playable, so my full gratitude to the developer.Bottom line, Gnomoria is just lovely, even with some rough edges."
76561198056244777,Recommended,224500,27501244,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,jak6475,It's alright.
76561198021882553,Recommended,224500,14407860,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,Ippado,"I really like strategy games, and I have tried a lot of games in this particular sub-genre. This is by far the best.You are able to control each gnome by menas of a complex set of custimizable macros. The enemies come frequently and long term investments are worth while. The only problem with the game is that this sub-genre is awful."
,Recommended,224500,8070224,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,rolltide101x,"This game is amazing, In this game you run a ""town"" of gnomes and you micromanage everything from farming to mining to building weapons/defences. Everything in the game can be broken down and rebuilt. It would really benefit from having more types of enemies and more animations though."
76561198041740899,Recommended,224500,18943148,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Facepalm202,"Thinking you're going to hop on to check on your gnomes only to go on a 10 hour marathon of nonstop kingdom making..long story short, I'm addicted."
,Recommended,224500,18319786,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Telpereon,"Great Game! I enjoy playing Gnomoria regularly...and often :) This is one of my ""Goto"" games."
,Recommended,224500,18577545,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,MonsieurFreeze,"An excellent dwarf fortress like with it's own personality... and an interface. Oh, and the musics are superb!"
76561198008059760,Recommended,224500,18561914,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Opiate666,"This game gets compared to Dwarf Fortress ALOT for obvious reasons, so i will put it like this; Gnomoria is a DF LITEx3."
,Recommended,224500,18636603,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,RedOneTwo,"Great game.Less in depth than Dwarf Fortress but mroe up to date in terms of Graphics, it is a isometric 3d rather than the 2d ascii view you get in Dwarf Fortress."
,Recommended,224500,18298844,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,66austin1,random generated kingdom name. Got Land of Incests. now breeding yaks into incest. 10/10 would incest again.
,Recommended,224500,18852333,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Morgyn,I've wasted so much of my life on this game. It's absolutely awesome.fk'n mants.
,Not Recommended,224500,549627,"Posted: 29 May, 2013",all,TekDragon,"[EDIT] Switching review to negative, unfortunately. Game has been abandoned by the developer with a lot of the fundamentals left unfinished. [/edit]Have you wanted to try Dwarf Fortress but got scared by the ASCII graphics, a crafting tree so complex your eyes glaze over just trying to figure out how to make soap, and game mechanics so complex that you actually need that soap to keep your post-surgery dwarves from dying to infection?Fear not, Gnomoria might be just what you're looking for. Gnomoria takes many of the mechanics of Dwarf Fortress, tones them back to a moderate complexity level, and gives you an improved GUI and charming graphics to work with.In Gnomoria you'll command your gnomish settlers to dig out a fortress and work in 3 main job categories: agriculture, crafting, and defence. Like Dwarf Fortress, many of the jobs in these fields are interrelated, with one supply chain feeding into another.Combat is both one of the fun and weak points of the game. You'll enjoy kitting your gnomes out and watching them chop goblins limb from limb, but you'll need to work fast and train hard to prepare for your first Mantis invasion. Inevitably, your first (and second, and likely fifth) run-through will leave your fortress a slaughter house, if it doesn't end with your dwarves starving and dying of thirst.That's ok, though. Gnomoria, like DF, is a rogue-like. And, like DF, ""losing is fun""."
76561198037372206,Not Recommended,224500,17035324,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Revmk,"This game is great. If you love city building, resource management, character building and the fact that it is a sandbox, you will enjoy this.The only problem is that it has been an Early Access Game for who knows how long! It is kind of disappointing to see that updates only happen ever so sporadically and take quite a while (Last three updates were in June 2014, October 2014, Feb 2015).I have long stopped playing since I have lost interest and will probably take a look at it when it is finished."
76561198002450835,Not Recommended,224500,17125023,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Nutlaw,"I tried to play this on recommendation and while it is a bit more user friendly than dwarf fortress, I could never quite tell whether the game was buggy or just doing a terrible job of explaining its interface at any given moment. Cool concept and probably a lot of fun for those with the patience to unravel it all, but I left frustrated even after reading through wikis and watching videos."
76561198021085623,Not Recommended,224500,8640751,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,t3hJimmer,Abandon.
76561198034071703,Not Recommended,224500,9150528,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Tickle My Pickle,"It seems as though the developers have taken a break. Or ran away with the money. Last update was just mod support, been a while since we recieved a big update. Hopefully they prove me wrong here and aren't just abandoning the game, but til then. Can't recommend."
,Not Recommended,224500,8256523,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Leo,**Changing my review**Game showed promise but the dev has ♥♥♥♥ed off.I can no longer recommend this. Thumbs down.
,Not Recommended,224500,9765686,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,aNkh,Edited this review from positive to negative. 1.0 is a lie. The developers deleted the entire dev roadmap and abandoned the game.
76561198028653060,Not Recommended,224500,10667870,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,jaqleo,in Jun 2014 it was:awesome and keeps getting betterNow it is:Released with more features but containing gamebreaking bugs and is abandoned by the developer.
,Not Recommended,224500,17105208,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,AlleBalle,Not much is happening in the development. It's in v0.9 and last update was in february. I would have my money back if I could.
76561198051075644,Not Recommended,224500,9535455,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,RockinRaider,"alright lets update this again as there are updates beggining again so i find this a fun Quirky game it has afew CTD issues but what game didnt have bugs in the beta so cant fault it there. There is a sharp learning curve of 12 in game days and no tutuorial in game but that adds to the fun imo. A fairly diverse crafting system and lots of resource management you never truly have enough. This is not like a sims game this is a special kind of city builders that ive only seen refered to as a fortress and thats what you make in a normal game with enemy's a fortress on the flip side in peaceful mode its the sims. overall a great game but not perfect Warning i get a CTD on copper, malacite, and tin golems being deconstructed or killed so just a warning.its unfinished and the dev ""released"" it after it was ""finished"" buggy as hell but someone playable its not worth the money any more"
76561197977356697,Not Recommended,224500,14862580,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Schnäko,"this is a fun game depending on what you want. if you wanna fully customize your very own kingdom to the fullest then yes this will be your dream... but if you want to survive and overcome challenge to reach a higher purpose then no...simply put this game isn't rewarding ""per se""when you've set up all your workshops and entered mid game what more is there to do? you've done your sleeping quarters, you've optimized your crafts, the kingdom is stable. and you stop having a purpose... you can mine for more worth and increase your great hall and thats about it,and by now my colony looks like a cramped death star... heck I even created one! tho it was more like a borg ship from star trek... Quadrangular not Circular... I can take on anything the game throws at me and its not rewarding at all!now if I were to create a beautiful town with houses and a castle, and the smiths house and the farmers house and all... sure maybe I would enjoy myself accomplishing building a village! but why would I wanna do that? sorry but for me thats a waste of time... and if thats what this game is meant to do then no, this game is not for you.on the otherhand if you enjoy crafting and building and manage to create a sustainable town with fashion then yes! this game is for you... though chances are you will get invaded and killed because you were focusing on the beauty of your town rather than working on your defenses. but if you manage then yeah you could consider it very rewarding.as of now all there is to do is to build a kingdom and survive, make it pretty. the game promises many features such as diplomacy and catastrophic events maybe even adding magic. tho I think this game will still be the same with simply more added features.I've played this on and off. I know how its like when they add new features. I feel done with this game.I forgot to mention building and trying to make a kingdom stable can take from 6-100 hours depending on what you want. it could also be never ending if your kingdom never fallsthis game is probably worth your money... but is it worth your time?"
,Not Recommended,224500,18271194,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,kikibrowning,It was a long load to get a new game fair with a big world and no servers but the game is like rimworld and not as good (specific). The stocks were not specific to each item just their type unlike rimworld where they list each item for each different stockpile you want. It's more unorganized in other ways like I cant specifically control the characters just their jobs and even then the tasks arent prioritized very well as they are generalized as well. So when a character's sleeping or idle for no reason I can't change that and have to wait for whatever reasont they decide to do their job. The worst part was no tutorial to help along a little. I usually learn on my own but having that as an option would have helped.Lastly ♥♥♥♥ these spider trading cards scared the crap out of me!!
76561198023791775,Not Recommended,224500,9536162,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,TheRedDeath,"A fun game that had a lot of potential, and is now ""finished"" when it is clearly not, another EA dissapointment"
76561198034787971,Not Recommended,224500,17130633,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,methegrate,"Updated 10/21/15 - The dev has deleted his list of features from the website and decided the game is more or less done. Gnomoria is still missing a lot of necessary content, and simply relying on the modding community to finish his job for him is extremely unprofessional even if it is an increasingly common story in early access. This game will not be worth the $15 full list price, don't buy.I wish there were a third option between recommending and not recommending. I don't recommend Gnomoriayet.The pros: This is a stable game with great core mechanics. It's Dwarf Fortress with a reasonable interface, solid graphics and many of the unnecessary complications smoothed out. That's a great start.Unfortunately, there are also a lot of cons.As others have pointed out, there just isn't enough content. Gnomoria gets boring... fast. Most of your game is spent underground in the mines, but aside from some topography and the occasional monster there's just nothing down there. It's level after level of emptiness that you excavate because you need minerals, not because there's anything particularly interesting or dangerous that's worth finding.The monsters represent a real threat in the early game, but once you've built up your base and gotten some good equipment they're kind of pushovers. And they're very repetitive. There are 9 types of monsters in the whole game, and even among them the only interesting one are zombies (which can turn your gnomes into zombies on death). The rest only differ in toughness.Developer support has slowed to a crawl.The last update was back in February and the one before that in November.  More worryingly, though, is that the developer doesn't seem aware of what the game really needs. In the past year he's added the following: prosthetic limbs for gnomes, ceramic tiles, craftable automatons and UI/stockpile updates.That's it.For a game that badly needs mid- and late-game content, the developer has been more or less nibbling around the edges.Gnomoria is a game that could be great. I keep coming back hoping I'll have more fun the nth time around. Back when it looked like it was on track this was a solid purchase. Today... follow it and look again once it's out of early access.(I also just noticed how many hours Steam says I've played this game. That's for two reasons: the amount of time it's spent paused and forgotten, and the two weeks I once just let it run in the background to see if anything would actually happen to my gnomes. No.)"
76561198066916660,Not Recommended,224500,11470000,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Real_Paul,Just play Dwarf Fortress.
,Not Recommended,224500,12811717,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,kshenold,Abandoned
76561197992465981,Not Recommended,224500,17090010,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Jegol,"What started out as a great game which offers hundreds of hours of gameplay has started to turn into a stagnate title with a lot of work left. The potential is all there, but development is far too slow now for me to recommend."
,Not Recommended,224500,17259338,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Doc Shadow,"Game is fun, but the continuing development of the game is shaky.  I don't have high confidence that this will release much improved from its current state.I hope to be able to give a more positive review in the future if there appears to be more effort being put forth by the developer."
,Not Recommended,224500,18433537,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Parasight,"More of an extended tutorial for Dwarf Fortress, has its limits, but hides them with pretty graphics. Get it on sale, the whole game feels way too limited in its current stage."
76561198030374060,Not Recommended,224500,18496935,"Posted: 15 October, 2015",all,Nukealope,"I had a very positive review of this game up for over a year.  I loved Gnomoria for a long time.  Colony management simulators had really moved up a notch when this game came along.  Since then, it's been a rocky road for this developer, and I've finally changed my review from very positive to negative.This is an okay game.  It used to be a great game.  It seems though that as the code grew (especially the AI code), the developers began to lose control of their project.  Now there are some game crashing bugs in the game, some AI pathing that is very poor, and some serious slow down in the late game.  Seems like a memory leak that can't be tracked down to me, but whatever.On other fronts, other developers have been making some awesome progress in this genre.  Rimworld in particular set the bar much higher than anything before, using the Prison Architect engine, and as it sets now in Early Access is a much better project than Gnomoria is now or ever has been.  Granted, you can't dig down as you can in Gnomoria, but that entire process in Gnomora was always a little more trouble than it was probably worth.  It created some serious bugs in the code as well, it seemed.In addition, it seems the developer has taken a long break or completely abandon Gnomoria for now, so it's probably best to steer clear of it until this is sorted out."
,Not Recommended,224500,18814222,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Dimmerworld,You had something going... but then you just rushed it out and never even finished the game...
76561197976063733,Not Recommended,224500,24967467,"Posted: 16 August, 2016",all,FatBlackLady,Another victim of Early Access.  Gnomoria had promise but failed to deliver in the end.  What we're left with is a shell of what could have been.  Barebones survival/base builder with some serious balance issues.
,Recommended,224500,9068029,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Big Bass,This game makes me moist because its that good! It has the perfect blend of tactics and time managment while not making the game seem stale or boring. I highly recomend it for anyone who loves these type of games and even for people who don't!
76561198072280654,Recommended,224500,9055276,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Bamoth,This game kicks the♥♥♥♥♥♥out of towns hands down ! Luv it :) takes a little too learn by the 3rd go u should  be cutting heads and limbs of literally but be warned your Gnomads can loose theres too lol :) 9/10
76561197991311141,Recommended,224500,14288609,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Chinese_PVA,addicted to dwarf fortress instead. 11/10
76561198060014267,Recommended,224500,14210011,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Jaina,I love it!
,Recommended,224500,27887065,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,jwubs,love the game but the only thing that gets me angery is the frequent crashes
76561198042869678,Recommended,224500,10358983,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Joobooy,"Do you like building up a community and protect it against intruders? Trying to survive the winter and not let your Gnoms starf to death? This is a survival, crafting, building and strategic game."
,Recommended,224500,8336055,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Jeremythellama1,"Played only 5 minutes so far, I know I should to more research but honestly, this game is hard to understand, I don't like tutorials for most games but this is one of those times where a tutorial is NEEDED.There don't seem to be any animations leaving a dull feeling.It's obvious this game was most likey inspired by some overly hyped game that died after it was released but I can see this was going to take a Terraria route. Take what you have, change one thing, that trainslates into a completely different game.Terraria went into a 2D side scrolling game that is better than what it was based on (Or at least now it is) The thing is, even if you knew nothing about how to do things, it was still easy to learn through the gameplay.This game took the idea that Terraria had, mixed it with a bit of the Sims, and added a top down perspective.It worked out, but the problem is it needs a tutorial, it falls flat without one and not wanting to try and learn how to play it mostly due it being hard to understand (Like Towns is.) It's makes me feel lost, alone, confused, and a bit frustrated.It's not that I don't WANT to learn as I play, that's real fun to do, it's just that you leave me with nothing but my own thoughts, like trying to figure out how to lockpick a door, I need SOME form of a hint.Overall, it looks good so far, I can't give an opinion, I'll change my thoughts and the review when I learn and play this game more extensively, right now I'm not in the mood to spend an hour trying to learn how to get the people to do things.(Due to alot of backlash towards most of my reviews because little kids can't seem to understand what an ""opinion"" is and get angry and overreact at something sticking out of the pervervial line, I must leave a warning. Thanks kids!)This is my opinion, I make these reviews to get my opinion out there, if you disagree, I'm not saying my opinions are fact, in which case, no need to get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off at something as trivial as a ""review"" or ""opinion"" I have an opinion and a mind that proccesses things and I like to let them be known rather than sheltered, weather it be good or bad. I'm not trying to change anyone's opinion on anything, if you disagree, calmly, put my thoughts into perspective, and see if you agree or not. If you don't want to do that and would rather rage over my opinion, then don't look at reviews, you're not mature enough to handle them."
76561198041550897,Recommended,224500,11509725,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,blueimpb,"Wow! This game is very addictive.  It's a fun, good-looking, clean Dwarf Fortress game.  It's much easier to get into than Dwarf Fortress, though the initial learning curve is still very steep.  After you've got the basic dynamics, though, it's impossible to stop crafting and exploring.It's also a fantastic deal since it's nominally an ""early access"" game but is, by far and away, the most polished and complete such game in the Store."
,Recommended,224500,30969084,Posted: 5 April,all,HunterEyedTV- Twitch,"This game is so addicting for me personally, I love pixelated games. So this attracted me into getting this. I was sent this gift from a friend. So i could it for free.But the graphics are well designed. The music ingame goes very well with the enviroment of the game and the changes the mood quickly. I highly recommend this!!"
76561198066065721,Recommended,224500,29539667,Posted: 28 January,all,psychesphere,great game if you know and like DF. Nice performance compare to DF. It's sad if the rumour is right about the dev abandoned.. Dont abandon this game please.....
76561198040027211,Recommended,224500,13342681,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Wonderland,"Prettier, lighter dwarf fortress.Edit: There might be a few bugs that tend to show up in the late game when you just have too much stuff going on for your computer to handle. Although the dev is no longer updating the game is still worth a dozen or so play throughs."
76561198014741989,Recommended,224500,27328619,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Axiod,I've had this game for a while now.. with a ton of offline hours put into it. It's complex.. management is key.. it's a great village simulation for the price.
,Recommended,224500,23411653,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,ianzm,"Ignoring every tiny minor issue that other reviewers have stated, Gnomoria is in fact, a brilliant game, and a shining example of where Early Access can go right.  Most of these other reviews have just talked about where promises fell short, but the fact is, this is a review of the game it's self, and as it stands, this is by far one of best, most addictive, City Builder I've played in a long time.It's tough, unforgiving, and above all, will grab you attention until it's 7am in the morning and you've forgotten what day it is."
76561198128367563,Recommended,224500,13234793,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,kingtumbleweed,Any game where you can send your enemies to their doom through a meticulously constructed ten floor drop and then turn their corpses into sandwiches for your slaves is okie dokie in my book. 10/10
,Recommended,224500,13449031,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Diesel,The game has been finished and with that the developer focused on the performance issues of the game before releasing and the game's enjoyability has dramatically released.If you liked DF you'll like this.
76561197996339738,Recommended,224500,17350560,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,ki-ken-do,Exelent game!!!Need one more update
,Recommended,224500,17604361,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Scruffy | Farmskins.com,"This game is very confusing at first, so it's good if you look up and watch someone play it a little. Otherwise, it's a very fun game!"
,Recommended,224500,6922975,"Posted: 18 June, 2013",all,~Be Back Later~ Coolmrfreeze01,An stratigists game.
76561197970635329,Recommended,224500,7815389,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Wegadin,"Very enjoyable town simulation game.  It can be difficult if you do not wall in or gain too much prestige too quickly, but once you play a few times you get the hang of it and it is a lot of fun!I liked it better than Towns and I really enjoyed Towns.The Dev is also faithful to continue to update this game!"
76561198005894566,Recommended,224500,12294191,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,BoxingBud,"I am having such a good time with this!You might find the game overwhelming at first! There should be and probably will be a standardized tutorial, it should show you the basics of survival. Also start with an easier game, no enemies, and just learn how to build and play it first, THEN make a world with some monsters if you'd like.After a solid hour of reading up how to play online I really got to enjoy Gnomoria. For $7.99 I really got a good deal on this. I prefer setting the music to it's more orchestrated less ""8-bit"" version but that's just me.I would enjoy being able to change how your gnomes look like off the start. Maybe get to create one leader gnome that you get to distribute their starting stats from, using a set pool of points or something but that's such a minor thing that I would never care if I didn't see it."
76561197970845141,Recommended,224500,15100151,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,Vikings,"Amazingly fun game.  I thought it was a huge risk to buy it based on my experience from the past.  I was wrong about this one.  It is a gem; it only looks rough.I could list pros and cons but instead I'll get on to why this game is worth your time.  ALL games have pros and cons, but this game I have played for over 100 hours.  If you like city builders, strategy, RPG, city defense, even casual builder, this game has it all.I just love games that remind me of the old games that were built by actual gamers not billionares looking to make more billions."
,Recommended,224500,10909032,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Dantali0n,"Very good game, Reminds me of dwarf fortress. Active development. NOT LIKE TOWNS. Graphics decent not great good gameplay medium learning curve. 8/10"
76561198016216085,Not Recommended,224500,20849786,"Posted: 30 January, 2016",all,Qlock,Yet another unfinished game I regret paying for. Don't buy. Sincerely.
,Not Recommended,224500,30380967,Posted: 7 March,all,Morishmael,Abandoned by devs.
,Not Recommended,224500,24455600,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,William Anthonio Zeppeli,Dwarf fortress is free and is still being updated unlike this
76561197983645799,Recommended,224500,31511656,Posted: 2 May,all,Best Is On Water,"This game is a solid management game. It's very addictive and time consuming to get your colony running just right. I was with the progress of the game since very early access and wrote a large chunk of the defunct wiki, but this game was every bit worth it. I would highly recommend this product, as it is unique and very entertaining. We all can wish for additional features but Bob did complete everything he ever intended for 1.0 and then some. A lot of things that would rewrite the whole game he mentioned in passing like magic and more diplomacy were never integral or part of the games vision, so don't let any negative view dissaude you from trying out this awesome game."
76561198059013593,Not Recommended,224500,28645112,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Jambers,Half finished game that was abandoned by its Devs.
76561198118379233,Not Recommended,224500,25621872,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Mandostar,Shame ! Shame! Shame! Shame ! Shame! Shame!
,Not Recommended,224500,23747078,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Ashif,"Was able to start a game when bought. Now can't even start playing with the blank screen.If it is in a bundle, you can considor, but even with it's half price, it is still not worth it.Don't buy this."
76561198024529671,Not Recommended,224500,24217045,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Smegal,"Basically, I am with the other down voters, this is really unfinished and could have been something really amazing, I've spent hours playing and building, but it's still glitchy as fug.Here's a quick overveiw:Pro:- Challenging- Creative building- Strategic- Care for your mentally handicapped gnomesCons:- Buggy as fug- Lots of glitches- Unfinished- Needs more work but dev. refuses and is now crap---Conclusion:It's an... ""okay"" game, play Minecraft or Dwarf Fortress if you want something building fun and or strategic. It needs works, lots of work and balancing, sadly, this game, goes in the TRASH!"
,Recommended,224500,30215143,Posted: 26 February,all,Not Robert Lawlers,I built a house.
76561198058939768,Not Recommended,224500,30562425,Posted: 16 March,all,iTissue,"[Cons]-No saved game support for mac.-No Devs left on the project to fix their broken mac realease.-Still could use more content. Mods required, yet limitied Workshop support.-No open source files, so, limited modding community.-Nothing more than a cleaned up, slightly updated Dwarf Fortress Clone.-Without Co-op play or Mulitplayer. We cried at Bay 12 Games; they told us it was impossible. Why not start with that as your salespitch? Would've needed rakes and garbage bags for their money. Ya feel me?[Pros]-Clean 32bit graphics.-Simplifed UI.-Great base building and mining.-Great stockpile/workshop managament.[Overall Opinion]I really want to give this game credit, but it rubs me as a plagiarized* knock off of Dwarf Fortress. Very little worshop content and one large mod that is very fun (Tacyn's mod).  However, now that it has been released, it seems abandoned by both modders and Devs, which is understandable, but it turns out MacOS save games files corruprt over time. Do you understand how frustrating that is to discover for yourself?Personally I made it to year 3, After that i could no longer load the save without Gnomoria crashing. Second attempt, year 2, then it started crashing. Last attempt, Year 6, I wanted to see how long i could play. I played to year six in one session, over two days. I would leave it open behind everything, and I would check in from time to time. As fun as that is, I just want to save it, but once I do I know I will never see it again. Now that the devs are gone Gnomoria is just too heartbreaking without savegames.*In my opinion this game does not seem to be different enough from Dwarf Fortress. Its nice the devs rebuilt it in a new engine, but to me, it still feels like someone else's product. Then again if the devs built Gnomoria with Bay 12 Games premission, then I'm the idiot in this scenario.**In Memory of the Raiders of Snok may your crossbows shooting down a line of doors never die! (best exploit for defense lmao)**"
76561198041355497,Not Recommended,224500,23816648,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Angessombre[fr],"i like this game before, but it need an update to resolve some bug. don't buy it actually because this new update maybe never coming...it need some other thing, like tutorial, or explains...."
,Not Recommended,224500,21541930,"Posted: 29 February, 2016",all,Behemothahn,"Its a good clone of dwarf fortress minus some of the complexity. Still alot of game crashing bugs though, sadly. Might want to wait to see if they patch the issues before buying. Way too many game crashes to enjoy in long run."
,Not Recommended,224500,30208400,Posted: 26 February,all,calvin,Never finished....
,Not Recommended,224500,24501379,"Posted: 24 July, 2016",all,Richard Brown,"Been a Good Game untill the developers have abandoned the game, Feel like they done the same with Towns. which also was a very good game,"
76561198008984856,Not Recommended,224500,28824379,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,Big Mike,only abandoned
76561198021231320,Recommended,224500,22177721,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,EvilNecroid,I chopped off a goblins arm then beat him to death with his own arm!!this game is awesome!!
,Not Recommended,224500,25848494,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Bozworth,"another abandoned ""early release"" that promised so much and delivered so little"
,Recommended,224500,22322796,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Teknik,.
,Not Recommended,224500,25129829,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Wolfiefang,"Unfortunately while this game had great potential, The game was released unfinished and abandoned. They started off very strong trying to replicate the games they loved like Dwarf Fortress, but then decided to call it quits extremely early, said it was ""1.0"", and then walked away. I gave them time too ( 1.0 was in February), but you really shouldn't buy this game as it's got plenty of bug, game design issues, and just doesn't have any rewarding gameplay after the first few minutes of starting a new settlement."
,Recommended,224500,31382970,Posted: 26 April,all,Unseen Assassin,If you like dwarf fortress you will love this game.
76561198138977657,Recommended,224500,23491388,"Posted: 10 June, 2016",all,|-ICE-| TheWrongBrother,"I looked at negative reviews and doubted them, now I understand. This game was rushed. The AI are all mostly mentally challengedand The maps take a unreal amount of time to generate even the most simply maps. It is a fun game, don't get me wrong, but they really need more work. I recommend thi game, but for a later date. when they all get it together and start updating everything. the negative aspects nearly out weigh the positive ones but the positive wins. Get the updates out and this kind of review will be all but gone."
76561198065869528,Not Recommended,224500,24265689,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,dp606,good game but the ai is really bad (i always lose my entire kingdom to thrist since NONE ever build anything except the crude workbench. I have also lost a few kingdoms to a single badger or golem)
,Recommended,224500,30383368,Posted: 7 March,all,PipPopPuddinPop,"Gnomoria is a complex kingdom management game in the same vein as Dwarf Fortress.The starting point sound simple enough: You've got a handful of gnomes, a few livestock, and enough food and water for a few days. You must direct your gnomes to build a kingdom in which they will live. Simple, right? Wrong. It turns out that building a kingdom from scratch is no simple feat. You only have a limited amount of time before hordes of monsters will show up and attempt to slaughter your settlers. You'll need a sword (or many, many swords). But to make a sword, you need bronze bars to make it. Bronze bars must be made of tin and copper. Tin and copper need to be mined. Mining is dangerous and may force your gnomes to come face to face with monsters deep within the earth. All of this just for a sword, which is most definitely not the most complex thing you can make.As you progress, you'll need to get a feel for the supply chain required to make things. You choose which gnomes do which jobs, you choose the priority of their tasks, and you hope that you don't make a mistake somewhere because production will halt if you do, and there's nobody to hold your hand and tell you that you forgot to assign a gnome to burn wood into charcoal for your torches, and that's why none are being made. You'll make mistakes. You'll lose dwarves. You'll see your kingdoms be completely obliterated from one small band of goblins or a rogue golem or a horde of subterranean insects. It's all part of the game.But that's the fun of it. It's not an easy game (though not as tough as Dwarf Fortress), but it's quite rewarding to see your kingdom grow and take on new challenges. It's great to build a giant, walled marble city with trained archers wielding steel crossbows at every entrance. It's satisfying to build systems of gearboxes and axles which power mechanisms which keep enemies out or deploy traps against invading giants.Overall, Gnomoria is a really great game for those interested in the kingdom management genre, but be aware that it's not a game that's simple to pick up. You'll fail a lot. It's part of the game."
76561198067189007,Recommended,224500,31321448,Posted: 23 April,all,Tupinamba,"Great sandbox game with complex suply chains and freedom to build the gnome fortress of your dreams with nice graphics. Definitely recommend it. As to being ""dead"", a game doesn´t need constant new stuff. It´s done and it works perfectly for what it tries to do. If you like this kind of building/management game, I definitely recommend it."
,Not Recommended,224500,25161419,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,[MKF]SneakySherpa,"Rimworld is better, with crazy stories and choices. Cannibalism anyone? ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ AI and bad vision make this game a chore to play. Pass, not worth $17.00"
76561198060760851,Not Recommended,224500,21534055,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,NjohnsonE,fun game but after a couple of rounds of playing gets boring and lack of things to do
76561198033733575,Recommended,224500,21443196,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Cheeba_Zhang,"I found this game relaxing, until the cave bugs eat half my village....."
,Not Recommended,224500,31447432,Posted: 29 April,all,JhAgA,Broken and abandoned by Devs.
,Recommended,224500,9213036,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Caffeine Addict,Worth it
76561198032529682,Not Recommended,224500,30136636,Posted: 24 February,all,Shinobi - The Peaceful Lion,Not worth 15€. At max 5€
76561198002539716,Recommended,224500,18421450,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Hypnotoad,My gnome lost an arm and I was able to tinker him a mechanical arm10/10
76561198031538449,Recommended,224500,21419194,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,jacesilverleaf,"Fun game. Haven't played it in a while, but now that it's had some updates, I may pick it up again.Really good time killer, and it is easy to start and stop playing. A mobile version would great as well, I bet.Now the game dev should do that, and kick me in a 1% royalty for the idea. Yep."
,Recommended,224500,5126781,"Posted: 21 March, 2013",all,yurgan,Dwarf Fortress lite with steampunk gnomes.
76561198193572789,Recommended,224500,23875780,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Krombopulous Michael,"I like the game, and I've played it a lot, but I don't know how to open up the dev console. Can anyone help?"
76561198018277440,Recommended,224500,20603182,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Revoker,"This game is Dwarf Fortress light, but with the new 2014 DF and the tile sets that have come out for it, it has really blossmoed into a phenomenal piece of software, vastly more approachable than it was even a few years ago. So buy this learn the basic mechanics, build a grand and great yada yada, but when the dust settles DL Dwarf Fortress its 100% free and quite simply the deepest and greatest strategy game ever made.Kids play Civilization 5Boys play Crusader Kings 2Men play Dominions 4and Pros play Dwarf Fortress"
76561198052501694,Recommended,224500,20533001,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,anotherrandomguyy,"i like the game, it stands alone as is imo, but so much more could be done to further it's completion."
,Recommended,224500,20594793,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,MindfulOcean,"Gnomoria feels like a very light version of Dwarf Fortress with much better graphics.  There are plenty of glitches and some things, like combat, are more frustrating than I would like.  But overall, the game is well worth buying."
76561198031163489,Recommended,224500,19894270,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,tomf80,"Amazing game, as my 526 hours in it reveal. Buy it now before it goes up to $15 when it is released. See Aavak's or Damage's Let's Play on YouTube to get a good feel for the game."
76561197998517301,Recommended,224500,23328769,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,James_lynn,Fun
,Recommended,224500,17562790,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,ReZpawner,"Almost 350 hours played, yeah I suppose it's worth the 6 quid(and possibly even more)."
76561197990070543,Recommended,224500,21415058,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,sharpy,Superb Base building/management game. Highly recommended.
,Recommended,224500,20537396,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,The Dancer,"Started playing Indev version again today, entire map started to flood. 10/10 would drown my gnomes again!(Proof)http://puu.sh/mwtaz/2d2ff5d3cc.jpg"
,Recommended,224500,8524571,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,John Madden,"I just read one review that says that this game not going to receive any updates and some features will not be finished before it goes on release (or something like that). I'm not sure yet how to feel about this - I already used to rare updates and only was hoping it turns into something bigger in future. But I still can recommend it right now - if you like that kind of games it still have a lot of stuff to do for it's price (2.99$ for my region with 50% discount). If released game will cost 5$ with same discount in future, I guess it still not be money wasted."
,Recommended,224500,22696294,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Ataleon,"This was the first game I bougth on steam, actually it was the reason I even got steam on the first place.10/10I would definetely ruin my life again for this game lol."
,Not Recommended,224500,24723850,"Posted: 5 August, 2016",all,Izdubar,"Abandoned game, Not finished."
76561198149740919,Recommended,224500,21529883,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,MrDialga34,"Hour 1: Why aren't the Goblins here yet?Hour 3: ARGHH! So many Zombies! How will I survive?10/10 would be eaten by goblins again.Anyway. That was my first town. Next was slaughtered by marble golems. I love this game and recommend it to anyone to play. However, do be aware the updates have become almost non-existant. Mods however brighten up the experience. I'm still waiting for a multiplayer mod. Also, still havent got to steel yet, but have fun!"
,Recommended,224500,32291775,Posted: 9 June,all,Pvt. Stewart [2RB],"I've personally never had any of the issues some players seem to of experienced with Gnomoria, and I bought the game several years ago at this point when it was in early access. If their are technical issues to be had it may be hit or miss. However considering MY experience with the game I personally found it to be a very fun experience, resource gathering, base building, gearing up the gnomes, etc. Dwarf fortress at it's heart no doubt, but still makes it feel quite different as it's a lot more graphically implemented in comparison.I'm also quite certain the Dev gave fair warning on where he was leaving the state of the game, opening up moddability was at least an added bonus before he departed. Not saying I approve, but the game as is was and still is a fun game I enjoyed and still enjoy when the mood strikes. If for whatever reason this game truly holds your interests in the way it looks, I would strongly suggest doing some research on actual game play, game structure, expectations, youtube it, etc."
,Recommended,224500,25852368,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Zagłada,This game really deserves attention. I spent hours playing that - and swearing when my whole kingdom were ruined because of me not being cautious or just greediness. I had lots of fun!
76561198125269132,Recommended,224500,9499373,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Corvus Corax,5/5 stars *****An amazing game if anyone says otherwise i'll kill them myself...;)
,Recommended,224500,9578846,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Razoredge198,ALT + F4 is ur fav frend m8
,Recommended,224500,9580099,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,EL CONQUISTADOR,Minecraft seen from above. You are the god.
,Recommended,224500,9260373,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Ataraxx,"For $7.99, this is a great game. Sorry for the long review."
76561198031672164,Recommended,224500,26505964,"Posted: 9 November, 2016",all,norker77,"Love this game!Despite what some reviews are claiming, bugs are rare and I for one never had a game-breaking one. Neither is the game unfinished. This game is a complete experience and development has not been abandoned. People were hoping that more and more would get added, but to be fair this game already is worth more then the asking price. Sad that people expect a dev to stick with a game forever without any further compensation."
76561197993100945,Recommended,224500,14102272,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Littlemama,not good . yet  :(still lot of work ahead
,Recommended,224500,7814179,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Brandon,"Gnomoria is a fun, Sandbox kinda game where you rule gnomes and make your own kingdom... There is yak milk. Yeah. Fun stuff."
76561198189891007,Recommended,224500,18309645,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,Mage_Knight7301,Great Game!! I have loved it since i saw it in greenlight!!
,Recommended,224500,18300961,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Schlangus,"Gnomoria is pretty swaggin broliosisUPDATE JULY 2ND, 2016, 11:25 PM:Apparently Gnomoria is No-More-ia. I'm pretty shocked."
76561198020306790,Recommended,224500,16631289,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,testoarska,no.
76561198136213199,Recommended,224500,23509922,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,DizzyZebra,"Great game lots of hours but after about the 5th year the gnomes start to have pathing issues on top of that you really dont want more then 30 and no mpre then 2000 or any iteam or things just stop working and get crazy EI. istarted my most recent game up to day after work game started to lag ""Usaly a non stackable or storable iteam happens so i cleaned the floor and 2 minutes after 22 dirt golems just rolled out on my gnomes to the point were i was clicking past the notification for 30 minutes then crash. Great game but i wouldnt recomend anything other then a small or med map for people that like to use all of it."
,Not Recommended,224500,21502648,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,PhysicianWhom?,"I want to reccomend this game but can't. The user interface and mechanics are great, but this game( in so far as version 1.0 is concerned) was not ready for release from early access. Gnomes often get stuck, won't begin tasks, won't drink and die of thirst, and most importantly it crashes. I played a game on a large map area, attacked a golem and it crashed twice. While this game is very fun and I am still going to play and enjoy it (and you may very well enjoy it in its current state, I waited to purchase the game untill it was released in order to avoid the bugs and was dissapointed that the devs released in its current state. I only do not reccomend it because it was not ready to be realesed. If the game updates to corect for the bugs I have encoutered I will happily reccomend it."
76561197971636619,Not Recommended,224500,16262566,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,AfroDieter,No update for half a year. Lazy developer. Don't buy now.
76561197992072516,Not Recommended,224500,21845700,"Posted: 14 March, 2016",all,bloomingdedalus,Hey - look - I've played this game 36 minutes and I've yet to start it.First time I tried to generate a 'large' map and it took 10 minutes then crashed to blue screen of death.Second time it took 10 minutes and just sat there.Third time it took 10 minutes and I said ♥♥♥♥ this I'm getting a refund.P.S. my computer is an i5 2.6gHz - not great but this is rediculous.
76561197991439191,Recommended,224500,27632918,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,SavageOrk,Played way to much DwarfFortress and this game is closests out of the DF type sims to capture a good level of detail but keep learning curve to somthing more accessable than DF.  The added visuals are great too!
76561198027614404,Recommended,224500,27897643,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,sssst,very fun and complex
76561198034128967,Recommended,224500,27832210,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Turtlemaniac702,"I've continued to enjoy this game, and come back to it fairly often to play it some more. Some of the system was difficult to learn at first, but overall it was enjoyable."
,Recommended,224500,18299625,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Deathcricket,Game is amazing. Nuff said.
76561198006463711,Recommended,224500,15763064,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Tropicdragon,I recommend this game but won't post a review. Deal with it.
,Recommended,224500,19366636,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,TroublsoumTroll,Gather resouces. Build a castle. Get shrekt by the first goblins to come. Reset because that one goblin got past your 2 gnomes that know kung fu and now has the name Shorxblax. Actually make a military and train before the goblins come. Dig straight down. Hit a cave. it has a beetle in it and you ignore it for a while. You should not have avoided that beetle. You are now covered in beetles. 10/10
,Recommended,224500,7996127,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Salient Simon,"A great, friendly approuch to the increasingly popular Dwarf Fortress genre.The UI is fantastic in comparison to other similar games and makes it easy to learn some of the quirks (however more tooltips and such would be more helpful).The updates have yet to disappoint me, which keeps me interested until it is finished.Big plus for the interchangeable soundtrack (You can change between both Orchestral and Chiptune style).I really don't have that much to say other than that this is ABSOLUTELY worth the money, and is right now one of the best of its kind. That says a lot about this game, considering the vast amount of similar games that are already out or coming out."
76561198319519009,Recommended,224500,30827860,Posted: 29 March,all,nilesstevenson1997,"Fun! Heavly expired by Dwarf Fortress, but in it's unique style.  But I kinda recommend Dwarf Fortress first, but the DF will probably be finally finished in about ""10 years"". So this game is great if you just want to manage a fortress. But still love the game."
76561198128506170,Recommended,224500,22878712,"Posted: 9 May, 2016",all,a sideways mob,"love it when i have to micro, must micro, need to micro so bad i itch"
76561198038754433,Not Recommended,224500,29446341,Posted: 23 January,all,A snow man,"This game has been a joy to play.  I bought in Alpha and when i did i was promised a lot more than what this game has given.  Now I gave it an honest chance and I waited a good long time for improvements.  I did well in a lot of my games and the building aspect was fun.  However I was still promised content by the creator and he has now given up on this game, for reasons i dont know but this game isnt worth the asking price.  To many bugs and simply not enough content.I cant say I am upset i played many hours on this game but it has been given up on by the devs and that right there to me states ""if it is not worth updating then it is not worth 17$ more like 10 or 8$ Even then i would buy it on sale."
,Not Recommended,224500,28579695,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Blue Eyed Core,"controls are confusing and the game comes with basically no tutorial, leaving it all but unplayable to me. it's systems are poorly made and overall i just can't understand the appeal of the game."
76561198058506808,Recommended,224500,26193681,"Posted: 23 October, 2016",all,Trtl,offline hours...spent plenty of time playing this game...it will more then likely become a classic.
,Recommended,224500,19096132,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,WosselWozzel,Aight.
,Recommended,224500,8023023,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Juaner,"Update: WOW i don’t get how now people are changing the review to negative only cause the developer end the game and didn’t add the last things of the develop roadmap, this game normally is at 5$ and it have tons of playability and  people don’t remember that having more than 100+ hours on it, is a great game rlly cheap. Yeah it will be perfect that the developer had more time to add the last things but he was just one person who did this game. People are just rlly ungrateful.I hope he come and fix bugs and make it open source. It will be perfect but I will not change my review to negative having 100hours plus of fun with it. Just for details.I love this game! is a dwarf fortress but pretty (yes it doesn’t have all the things of DF but is funnier and easy to get) i just love it"
76561198069771104,Recommended,224500,29502752,Posted: 26 January,all,Zaorin,"Game worth of playing, if you like a challange."
,Recommended,224500,23400381,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Tims,"Now u would think, O Gnomoria is like dwarf fortess and stuff. Well it's kinda like it but totaly diffrent in many other ways. This game Gnomoria has better graphics and more creative in it's building mechanic than dwarf fortess. now u would be saying this game is done. Well i think the Dev has more likey went off and going to do more big and better stuff (btw he made this game by 1 dude) but i think i might come back every now and then to fix bugs ect. so if u want to buy this game sure go ahead but if u don't wanta just get dwarf fortess ok >_>."
,Recommended,224500,8159171,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Æric,"If you've ever wanted to play Dwarf Fortress, but couldnt because its Dwarf Fortress, then this is the game for you."
,Recommended,224500,34881801,Posted: 11 September,all,DarkDvr,"Great take on the classic Dwarf Fortress formula.Game is done and released, but I wish development continued to add more features. For now, development is done and finished."
76561198254684894,Recommended,224500,19170403,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,kinglioman,its a good game dont buy it if its not for sale       it has a lerning curve but the game is real fun     i have played it everyday for a week now                   its inter tainer
76561198090868483,Recommended,224500,9070046,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,ironhead36,I really enjoy it but I would love if this was on mac
76561198079430411,Recommended,224500,32232718,Posted: 6 June,all,Syzygy,"What you see is what you get, the dev made the game playable, but only just. It's a descent Dwarf Fortress Clone but there are others  out there."
76561198093141111,Not Recommended,224500,31139656,Posted: 14 April,all,Mariadock,"OMG. Am I lost in the amazon jungle, naked and covered in honey? Because this game is FULL OF BUGS. And I mean FULL.Craving to craft that mastercrafted armor that ONLY your best smith can do? Yes, that gnome in which you invested only like 20 hours of play to develop Well. sorry beacuse he is stuck in a pile of mud... and now he starved to death.This game has bugs."
76561198063888278,Recommended,224500,31749797,Posted: 14 May,all,[STW Italia]☤♦AMAXI♦☤,"GREAT GAME !The only shame is the fact the dev don't make updates anymore ;(.But I strongly recommend buying it, as it can be played indefinitely even without using the mods."
,Not Recommended,224500,22864845,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,Bregma,Dwarf Fortress ultra-light with better graphics and an equally horrid yet totally different abysmal UI.
,Not Recommended,224500,17418730,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,Sgt. Wizard,"Fun, but don't touch it until they bloody release it. I'm just waiting, and waiting and waiting for it be released. Come on, finish it, devs! Will probably change my review to positive if it's released."
76561198061306443,Not Recommended,224500,22705149,"Posted: 29 April, 2016",all,elchali_5,"Can´t belive it. another early access that lured me with false promises and then releases an incomplete game. Don't buy this one. is incomplete, buggy and counter-intuitive. Man i had such hopes for this product back on the early access days. now days it just stand on my steam library as a reminder of how steam need more QA controls."
,Not Recommended,224500,30405362,Posted: 9 March,all,Undermind,Dead game.
76561198048123670,Not Recommended,224500,21673451,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,Assan,"Its pretty much dwarf fortress missing a ton of stuff. It has potential to be better. Maybe give more control to the players on what the gnomes do, my gnomes literally died of thirst living next to a lake, because i didnt know ahead of tie that i needed a well in order for them to drink the water. That brings me to, you need a better tutorial system, just having some mediocer(I spelled that wrong didnt I, sorry) information in the help section(which branches off to much in my opinion), is not enough to start a player off."
76561198082337599,Not Recommended,224500,24375894,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,Peachy,It's not even worth $5. I really tried to like this game but I didn't enjoy it. The tutorial was not sufficient and the movement is very very blocky.
,Recommended,224500,30566731,Posted: 17 March,all,Wolf,"Ok, let's begin with the simple: the game is not abandoned. It isFINISHED.The GoodThose 206h (As of the time of this review) I have, are from 4 to 9 updates ago. Know what this means? That the game was very ♥♥♥♥ing playable when it had much less content than it does now. And even then, I hadn't done everything the game had to offer.I can't remommend this game enough. I bought it once on sale (When I first discovered), and again on normal price just to support the dev.People are just ♥♥♥♥ing spoiled. They expected this to be like Minecraft or Dwarf Fortress, and get updates forever. This game could have 10 times the content it has now, and when the dev said it was finished and stop updating, people would consider it abandoned all the same.Do not expect Dwarf Fortress levels of depth and content to the game. DF is a multi-dev decade and half spanning game. This is a solo-dev 4 year game.The game also has mod support, but I haven't played since it got it, so I can't say much about that. But you can see that how that will help.Also, as a final note, the dev was very active on thegnomoria subredditduring development, so you know that what he did was very community guided, not like most games, where the dev team does what it wants, and you have to deal with it. Especially many Quality of Life updates.The BadOk, now to be honest, the game isn't perfect. (Although it is perfect enoughSince I last played, and as far as I know, some tasks might have inconstant effects (Like Hauling, where the gnomes pick up very far items on the floor, instead of the closest) and using wheelbarrows (Where they should pickup many itens, but sometimes pick just 1, like it was done without the wheelbarrow). But than again, this doesn't happen all the time.And if you are very good and your kingdom grows a lot,depending on your PC, the game might start to lag, since it has so many gnomes (And maybe enemies too!) to process. Now,this isn't exactly the game's fault, it's a computing limitation. Physics will only let your computer run so many CPU cycles per second."
76561198101311610,Recommended,224500,22820553,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,Nathan,I love this game. So addictive. Very creative. I give this game a thumb up.
76561198043648920,Not Recommended,224500,25628230,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,Meric,"This game seems like a sandbox game but with no instructions and difficult to learn commands. I would not recommend this game at all. Some posts say its similar to a game called ""Towns"" which I have never played. Apparently there is a following but the developer is incognito so no new developments possibly ever. Even with the player aids I still dont know how to play this as there is no getting started instructions. I bought it on sale and it still wasnt worth it."
,Not Recommended,224500,21634480,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,VG Purist,"This game may look like Dwarf Fortress on the outside, but you're going to find out really fast that this is more like the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ son that nobody in the family ever talks about.Here are the reasons why I am hating on this game:Building anything in this game takes FOREVER.  Even if you have all of the base materials Queue'd up, it still manages to find a way to take a long time.  You literally have to go one by one building this thing here and then that thing there.  God forbid if you Queue up a few beds and then try to make 2 pieces of armor.Monsters can spawn from dark areas within the inside of your town. I don't agree with this choice because it forces you to build torches EVERYWHERE.  Plus I feel as if it loses the immersion for me.  In Dwarf Fortress there was always a reason for everything.  Goblins came from the town nearby and raided you.  If you picked a location close to a haunted mountainside Cavern then you can bet that undead monsters will begin to appear by your Fortress.Gnomoria has no tutorial or anything that tells you what you need to play this game.  New players will be absolutely LOST.  Even if you have played Dwarf Fortress before you will still have some learning curve as this does not play exactly the same way.  If you haven't played Dwarf Fortress, you better start reading the wiki and learn to ask nicely on the forums how 2 play game.You don't know what is going on during the fights.  You have to click on the events and find out what is going on by pausing the action and read through a few menus (at the top of the screen).  Even in Dwarf Fortress with its lack of graphical representation still allowed you to see how well the fight was going by simply making your character blink and blink faster if they were dying and cover the Dwarves with blood.   Loads of times I have lost a Gnome simply because I thought the fight was going well, but in fact it wasn't.I know that the more worth your Great Hall is the greater your chances of getting more Gnomes to come settle will be.  However I went and I built that stupid Great Hall up and I received 1 extra Gnome.... just 1.But there are a couple of positives:The graphics are prettier than Dwarf Fortress.I do like the military system in which you gain perks for certain formations and also what type of soldier you want them to be.https://youtu.be/B8xYjPF7PnkTLDR: Playing this game actually makes me feel like going back to playing Dwarf Fortress.  I hate comparing any game to another but the comparison has to be drawn since these 2 games are extremely alike in a lot of ways.   In fact just do yourself a favor and instead support the guys who are developing Dwarf Fortress and play that game.  It's way more immersive and there are plenty more things to do in that game without feeling bogged down or frustrated."
,Recommended,224500,20885476,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,ninosaur,"This is a highly underrated game, there's nothing quite like Gnomoria. Actually there's tons of games similar, but nothing as good as this.Sure your gnome can get stuck 15 stories high because they deleted the floor the wrong way, or dig their own graves -30 bellow when trying to make stairs, but it's still very fun to build mighty walls and giant structures that you dreamed in a block world!Very addicting, very fun, takes some time to get the swing of it but it's definitly a must have!I recommend peaceful mode ;)"
76561198000697763,Recommended,224500,25919286,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,krone,"Great game, ♥♥♥♥♥ all over rimworld. Heaps of content. Even with the dev's abandoning the game it still has more content than any of the gnomoria clones."
,Not Recommended,224500,21515047,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,Hagamablabla,Yet another incomplete game pushed into 1.0.
76561198107311929,Not Recommended,224500,16656426,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,YUsoMad,"It seems like a good game well worth the price but the font is very bad on the eyes and you can't change it. Not to mention the UI doesn't scale so if you play it on a higher resolution everything is so small - even more strain on the eyes. I am not the only one with those concerns, seems this will never get fixed :(. For those reasons I do not recomment this game."
,Not Recommended,224500,28650308,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,eddiemolko,"This game was so promising, but after many updates and bugfixes, it still has it's bugs, and it can be really frustrating when you have a colony of 42 years with many gnomes and everithing tunned to efficiency and you loose everything for a bug."
76561197980745911,Recommended,224500,21422730,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,Frozen_Thumbs,If you like DF this is your game. Very stable. I have had ZERO issues from any of the game mechanics. Its just fun!
76561198077653122,Not Recommended,224500,32765646,Posted: 25 June,all,Hal-ium,"Gnomes are run by AI with no direct player input. Needless to say, unlike dwarves these gnomes are complete idiots."
,Not Recommended,224500,21537162,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Murdok,it is a very horible game bad graphics hard to use controls and the lag.
76561197971036715,Recommended,224500,21442237,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Deadric Formerly Known As Prince,It's good and you should buy it. Basics are easy enough but there's much more you probably have to read up on.
,Not Recommended,224500,21469298,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,Totemablade,Gnomes get stuck often. UI is unituitive. Annoying as♥♥♥♥♥♥to try to learn.
76561198271129155,Recommended,224500,25907325,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,naterator5,this is an amazing but challenging game. i cant get enough for it. if you have steam get it. if you dont have steam still get it.THIS IS A MUST HAVE
76561197977260302,Not Recommended,224500,16641408,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Wibble the Obscure,"So it has finally been 'released' and with hardly any updates apart from more tinkering around the edges.I guess i should correct my comments below to ""Now that it is 'finished' you should not buy the game. The Dev has abandoned it progressively over the past 2 years and 'released' it just to pretend it was done.""*********************************************************************NOTE: Look at the time of the last Update. February 2015 and it was a minscule Update at that. If it ever gets finished (BIG IF) then you should buy this game. But honestly, that is not going to happen. This game is dead in the water*********************************************************************I have had this game for a while and came to it because i did not have the time to dedicate to Dwarf Fortress and also wanted something with more intuitive control system and at least minimal graphics.My initial expectations were met but each time i pick up the game (after 3-6 months off) i come to find very little has changed of value. Development has slowed to the point where it is a legitimate shock when there is an update and then disappointment when you discover that what is an 'Update' to this Dev would be a tinkering of the system in any other game.If, and thats aBIGif, it gets released then it might be worth buying but it is essentially dead in the water and has been for quite some time."
,Not Recommended,224500,22053395,"Posted: 25 March, 2016",all,Philip Screwdriver,i cant even find out how to pick things up. im fine with no tutorial games but this is just ridiculous
76561197964156276,Recommended,224500,21428283,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,epoxo,Hours go by so quickly....
,Not Recommended,224500,18366900,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,GlockwarrioR,"I suggest you pass this on and get Dwarf Fortress.  Save yourself some time and money, and get DF for free.  This game has just almost as many issues with UI as DF, without half the -FUN-.  I just had a squad of 5 gnomes attack a honey badger, just to have one of them bleed to death before the fight ended.  ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥."
76561198008052754,Not Recommended,224500,18411528,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Fish,"Crashed out in under and hour during the first game. Steam support forum not being used, ""Official"" Support forums not being used and your redirected to a bugzilla website which is currently broken. How they claim to be actively fixing bugs...£5.99 isn't alot of money but this game is overpriced given it's current state and support available."
,Recommended,224500,9045399,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,teacheЯ,"Feels pretty shallow after Dwarf Fortress, but obviously requires less effort to get the basics, less imagination and spatial sense from the player.If DF's too ""hardcore"" for you, check this one out, but don't expect too much."
76561198049285871,Recommended,224500,21127109,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,THEG|Ningajai2,"so this games cool I guess, i mean sure its difficult to get started with a kingdom from the crashes that happen very often when yo alter the world with adv setup. still a good game though"
76561198103908558,Recommended,224500,30323808,Posted: 4 March,all,cannonball_k,Best city builder I have ever played by far Best soundtrack the dev should sell it otherwise the game is perfect
,Recommended,224500,34648292,Posted: 31 August,all,Joseph Joestar,its dwarf fortress but it has a more intuitive UI.
76561197972879118,Not Recommended,224500,19950691,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Antihero707,"Clunky and inconsistent. No update progress in months. Not in a state to be fun enough to recommend, and no certainty of improvement. No recommended at this time."
,Not Recommended,224500,24052411,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,toastghost73,was good but abandoned
76561197969458871,Recommended,224500,21416331,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,HaunterV,Dwarf Fortress Light.Graphical Dwarf Fortress. Call it what you will its worth the price of admission.
,Recommended,224500,13150561,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Bad Larry,WHY CAN YOU NOT PLAY THIS GAME ON MAC......:Pi bought i not paying attention that it could only run on windows. but i want to play brosss
,Recommended,224500,22926871,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,fullMaurer,"great game, hours of fun, but is very complicated, you will have to find tutorials online to learn to play it."
,Not Recommended,224500,25771815,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Crystalline Dragon,Learning curve far too steep. No in game explaination of any value to start you up. Buttons and controls are not self explainatory. Waste of time and not the fun kind. Do NOT waste your time or money on this.
,Recommended,224500,18524955,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,CBC | Waazzzaapp |,Gnomoria is basically a fun game and is as addictive as meth :D
76561198048054469,Recommended,224500,28587580,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Quavo,what do i do?
,Recommended,224500,10688078,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,neversleeps,"Lets face it, Dwarf Fortress needs better graphics. I learned how to play it and fair enough you stop paying attention to the graphics after a while but then you play a game like this and it's obviously an improvement.The actual game though isn't as deep, it's still good but it's almost like a very lite version of DF. There's a handful of rooms and it's way more self explanatory than DF is but that's almost entirely down to it being so shallow in comparison.It feels like the closest thing you're going to get to Dwarf Fortress currently, but if you've played Dwarf Fortress this will feel very shallow in comparison.. it's not as complex by a long way and relatively user friendly but for some people that will be a perk.I'd say get this game and if you enjoy it, then get Dwarf Fortress as it's a much more in depth version. The trade off is horrific graphics."
,Recommended,224500,34847204,Posted: 9 September,all,OPness,"Am horrible overlord and my mine is totally not functional, I do not recommend I ever play this game again. You whom is more familiar with Dwarf Fortress may not end in ruin like I did."
,Recommended,224500,21467768,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,niccoli00,"Gnome Fortress 1.0.Crippled Engineer Develops Own Prostetic Replacement!10/10, would build special rooms for the handicapped again!"
,Recommended,224500,21412829,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Arigas,"Fun game, with some quirks. I've probably spent more than the 62hrs it shows on it, but either way, I keep going back to it."
,Recommended,224500,21318549,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Zephyr,So far It's interesting and fun game...Until I find zombie in deep dark tunnel... still in shock to start over the game
76561198085486021,Recommended,224500,21346133,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,gendi2545,"Too much micro required at higher levels, otherwise your entire population runs out and gets themselves killed for no reason when you get attacked.Could be an awesome game with some bugs ironed out..."
76561198042417770,Recommended,224500,23043094,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Nicholas,Got my money worth playing this game enjoyed it
,Recommended,224500,21466191,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,BrotasticBurke,"I loved the game the first time I opened it, but now whenever I try to open it it says failed to start game is already running. And when it doesn't, it never opens. I have tried everything may someone please tell me how I can fix this error?"
76561197970763652,Recommended,224500,18623107,"Posted: 22 October, 2015",all,Xen DK,Super
,Recommended,224500,9331569,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,zaabi1995,nice game addictive!
,Not Recommended,224500,31717934,Posted: 13 May,all,Luckspeare,Don't care much for abandonware.
76561198041282479,Not Recommended,224500,30463508,Posted: 11 March,all,Dorian Jay,dead. keeps crashing avoid
,Not Recommended,224500,13867035,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Jaffa,It's a good game don't get me wrong. But the way the camera and map moves is really confusing. Like how when you are looking though objects you really can't see more than a block and the lowest block dug down. unless they give some kind ov mode where you can view things more easily then its probally not woth spending 10 hours on how to control the camera. Other than that the game is great. So if you can get around the camera thing then you are good to go! :)
76561197962239121,Not Recommended,224500,24543462,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,Stewbawl,"the idea of this game sounds great, and i'd love to play it.  but i can't recommend a game that dumps you right into it without any form of tutorial to teach you how to do anything."
76561198034101492,Not Recommended,224500,30447574,Posted: 11 March,all,Slit Throat,crap
76561197979943812,Not Recommended,224500,15055165,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,cypherdtraitor,"Update: Over a year later and the AI still isn't fixed. For example, when you start a new game you will have 2 yaks and 1 rancher. If you assign an area for ranching, the rancher will not put the yaks in the ranch and start caring for them. Honestly, I don't understand how something so basic can still be broken this far into the development cycle.I really wanted to like this game. The concept is great, and I was in love with the idea of building, staffing, and defending my own fortress city.Unfortunately, the AI is just not there, and without the ability to directly command the gnomes, it is often difficult to complete tasks.In the mid to late game, you will find yourself frantically trying to get your gnomes to do basic tasks like craft critical ingredients, and nothing you do will convince them to do it."
,Recommended,224500,15764907,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,Jerry,"My Grandfather smoked his whole life. I was about 10 years old when my mother said to him, ""If you ever want to see your grandchildren graduate, you have to stop immediately."" Tears welled up in his eyes when he realized what exactly was at stake. He gave it up immediately. Three years later he died of lung cancer. It was really sad and destroyed me. My mother said to me- ""Don't ever smoke. Please don't put your family through what your Grandfather put us through."" I agreed. At 28, I have never touched a cigarette. I must say, I feel a very slight sense of regret for never having done it, because this game gave me cancer anyway."
76561198000197352,Not Recommended,224500,30517117,Posted: 14 March,all,gremlin737,Breaks.  Was just fun enough to make you wish it was a working game.
76561198014485375,Not Recommended,224500,15997417,"Posted: 25 May, 2015",all,Mad hatters in jeans,"A neutral review. As of 25/05/2015The game has been in development for years and frankly it still needs years given the current progress being made before it's ready for release in my opinion. A fun ride but it's very bumpy.The cons.1. Some crashes still exist (although I haven't been plagued with them myself)2. Pathfinding is awkward at best due to the next problemVVV3.""Fail states"" exist, if you deconstruct a well sometimes the gnomes bug out trying to pick up the deconstructed parts or something. Or if you mine in the ""wrong"" way you can isolate your miners who eventually die of thirst, thus killing your colony before it even begins.4. Lack of information about what things do. It's hard to know when it's a good time to ""tech"" up and when the build defenses, do I want extra armour? I don't know. Do I want to fight that bear? I don't know.5. Learning curve is steep and doesn't show signs of slowing down after 14 hours of play. Yes this is a con.6. Under constant attack, dealing with constant attacks from things gets annoying, and feels like i'm on firefighting duty rather than building a colony or town.7. Combat system is bad sad bad, lots of little things you can forget can bite you in the behind later on. The lack of individual control over the gnomes feels especially frustrating here.8. Animations are incredibly lacking if even present. Understandable but not acceptable.9. Camera view is awkward. Not a huge problem but at times it becomes a hindrance being stuck in diagonal view.Pros.1. Very satisfying figuring out problems and optimising things.2. Lots of replayability, if you can figure out the issues with the game it's not that bad to play.3. Balancing what to build and when is quite fun, and is probably one of the main reasons people play the game. Just because I haven't figured out the optimal way doesn't mean you can't.4. Customisation options are quite varied, provided you can survive long enough to reach them.5. The game is still being worked on despite being several years in the works which says something about the dedication of the developers.6. Lots of ways to play the game...after a certain point.7. You have a lot of control over how the gnomes behave, granted the interface for controlling them is very very awkward, you do technically have a lot of say over how they behave.Conclusion clunky controls, annoying combat mechanics and general lack of polish means this game should be avoided until it's complete.Lack of information to the player and any real feedback on what they're doing increases the learning time required to get the basics understood.Proceed at your own risk to investment in time."
,Not Recommended,224500,24740762,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Copper Boltwire,"*sigh* Another game the gets abandoned. Release the darn source code so the community can make this game better then the actual developers, cause apparently they are not experienced and willing enough.DO NOT BUY!Get and even donate to Dwarf Fortress, While way more complicated, it's also way better, just remember to get a texture pack or what ever they are called.Also check out RimWorld.Gnomoria had potential to be a wonderful lovely game to play, but the AI is horrible (to say the least) and the the UI could use a massive improvement.In short: It's not that fun to play at all."
,Recommended,224500,29042498,Posted: 5 January,all,<(ASR)>Dauthi,3D dwarf fortress
,Not Recommended,224500,25585886,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,leksg,-1
76561198013183689,Recommended,224500,22507346,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Admiral Sir Manly Power,It's alright I guess
,Recommended,224500,21441306,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,"TOM""/",Highly reccomend. 10/10
76561198042701643,Recommended,224500,13926909,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Barney Lee,"You want a review? here goes.I bought this game when it was at 0.8. *something* (end of 2012/begingin of 2013?)... and yes, although this is still in Alpha (it has been for a whie, admittedly) the reason is because there is mainly (only?) one person working on this game, and he is amazing.Don't forget, real life happens to devs too guys...Back to my review:So i bought this... whenever i bought it. The reason? I never bought an *early access before this game, and i wanted to contribute my ideas to the game as much as anyone else...My first thoughts were... OMG... NO ♥♥♥♥ING TUTORIAL!!!! WHAT AM I MEANT TO DO??? so i read the forum... i TROLLED the forum, i rage quit, i deleted it from my library... I waited a week or two, went back to the forums and someone had replied to my post (Sorry Merry. i forgot your full forum tag :D) and that person was a great help... I went back to the game... i ♥♥♥♥♥ed and moaned about the bugs... i spoke to Merry again, and we p'd each other off... i ditched the game again for about a month, i went back to the forums, apologised to Merry... got the game again...So after a long time of ditching/reinstalling here i am again.I have only played on peaceful so far, admittedly... (I ♥♥♥♥ING HATE MANTS!!!!!)But this game has come a HELL of a long way since i first played it...Pros:People who love city/world building games will hopefully love this (im talking to you DUNGEON KEEPER fans... CEASER 1-3 FANS... PHARO fans... etc...+Customizable map generators+a *mini-isometric-POPULATED minecraft clone* (i know you guys will hate me for this, it is NOT a clone i know, i just didnt know what comparison to use :P)+Depth and logic thinking required (this is not a *Dumb-man's* game) you want to survive the first year? you got to keep your gnomes fed/watered/somewhere to sleep/somewhere to recover after losing an arm/leg/head? to a Mant raiding party+almost infinite building posabilities (i am talking about asthetics... not description)+heavy replayability (read the *entrence script* above)Cons:-HEAVY trial and error if playing anything above peaceful (it does take a while for most (not all) peaople to get to grips with this game)-a myriad of bugs (some game-breaking)*-heavy lag when a tonne of enimes are on the map :D- THE FACT THAT YOU ARE STILL READING THIS REVIEW AND NOT BUYING THE GAME :D :Pignor that last bit... i do not endorse or sponsor this game at all...* Don't forget, this game IS still in early access and it is worked on by only one person (?)All in all, great game... ofc there are BETTER games out there... it just depends on what you are looking for (i think you can get a demo from the offical Gnomoria site??? but i forgot the URL)Would i recommend it?.... even will all the hassles and stop/starts i had with this game??? ♥♥♥♥ING♥♥♥♥♥BANDITS I WOULD!!!! (thats a good thing BTW :P)so stop reading... by this game (or find the demo) its the best £5.99 you will spend :D"
,Not Recommended,224500,21640918,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,blastedlabs,"I tried to make a mine twice in this game. There is no easy way to make a hole in the ground your gnomes can actually climb out of. Partly, the problem is actually being able to see, since the game forces you into an isometric view. The game needs ladders from the beginning, or a tool that makes a multilevel ramp. As in, click & drag and the ramp goes further and further down, instead of making a row of ramps..."
,Recommended,224500,8398997,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Hornet,"Needs more polish and a better control scheme. Still a fun game to play, but as with any pre-launch version, be ready for rough edges."
,Not Recommended,224500,24112088,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Broods,Game has been Abandoned :( Before that it had great chance to be good.
76561198024508730,Not Recommended,224500,18379133,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,fitzmelton,"Really quite a fun game but until they iron out the corrupted save file bugs I would pass unless you enjoy starting over religiously.Edit: Seems the developer has become disinterested in the game and is more concerned about pricing structure post-release than actually releasing a game that doen't habitually crash. Really fun concept, extremely poor and greedy execution."
,Recommended,224500,33404037,Posted: 9 July,all,Teiwaz,"Almost perfect, great mods."
,Recommended,224500,21184382,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,vrath,Literal autism scale.
,Recommended,224500,28418523,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,-Ice- Cuisine,very good game 10/10 WOULD spend 37.7 hours in a game where ON HARD you dont get any mobs then they all come at one!
76561197991237618,Recommended,224500,21416071,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,unarmedelephant,Game is fun .. you will like it but it is abandoned.
,Recommended,224500,24591759,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,digression76,"It's pretty good, but it's no Dwarf Fortress."
,Recommended,224500,15614950,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Rymarre,it's like skyrim with dwarf fortress
,Recommended,224500,21266983,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Kiefy,"Good game, Dwarf fortess with more noob friendly UI10/10"
,Recommended,224500,10987525,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,1stReaper,Can be a little hard to get used to at first.but after doing so Gnomoria becomes a great game that everyone should get.
,Recommended,224500,32327274,Posted: 10 June,all,Sjord,Quite addictive and challenging. Like dwarf fortress lite.
,Not Recommended,224500,31410955,Posted: 28 April,all,oglahai,Really bad mining which is required for this game.  The isometric view is unhelpful.
,Not Recommended,224500,30737684,Posted: 25 March,all,Pawa,Still missing stuff in it. Nobody worked on it for over a year. It's over.
,Not Recommended,224500,33466390,Posted: 11 July,all,Fatty,"great potential, good while it was up through beta, dropped like a lot of other greenlit games, im glad steam got rid of it, im sick of buying♥♥♥♥♥♥like this where the dev just stops working on it and says its finished without actually fixing any of the issues."
,Not Recommended,224500,21418613,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,Nighty,No tutorial.  In-game help is nearly useless.  Clumsy controls.  Only two zoom levels:  too close in & too far out.  Trying to make a stairwell in a mine gave me a headache from trying to understand the graphics.
76561197973091916,Not Recommended,224500,17069624,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Dendrazzik,"Awesome games, i spend many hours on that game..HUGE DRAWBACK: The dev seem to have abandon this game..so it worth a negative review for the game because it is unfinished..!!!"
76561197975072393,Not Recommended,224500,8720451,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Bropocalypse,"Gnomoria is, of course, a population management sim in the vein of the venerable Dwarf Fortress. While not nearly as in-depth as DF(as one might expect), it does bear a similar ""feel"" to that game, The main strengths Gnomoria has in comparison are its graphics and interface. Both are much improved and more intuitive.. The game suffers from its combat system, however; enemies are universally much stronger than many of your citizens put together. Seven of my gnomes, even with metal armor and military training, were unable to best a monitor lizard.The result of this is that combat is futile and therefor pointless, and the best way to protect your citizens is with traps, the more useful of which come at the very end of the tech tree. Ultimately, however, with infrastructure then conquered and enemie tamed, the game becomes one less of one against an antagonistic force, but your own patience, as you wrangle resources to keep gnomes from starving and making torches to keep even MORE unstoppable enemies from spawning in the depths of your fortress.On a personal note, I gain enjoyment from this style of game in the form of creation of sprawling urban centers and impressive mega-projects. Lacking the first, the second stands by itself, relegating Gnomoria, for me, into being a rather slow and program for making isometric art. Perhaps the game could be improved by combat balancing and more engaging character behavior."
,Not Recommended,224500,23393471,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,TheCowThatStandsAloneInTheGrass,there is no tutorial and that makes me mad
76561197970257181,Not Recommended,224500,15066665,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Reynard,I think I like the idea of this game better than actual implementations. A wind-up world with lots of emergent behavior is cool. Unfortunately this seems to be a bunch of micromanagement and complexity without depth.And the UI for digging is awful.
,Recommended,224500,33739408,Posted: 23 July,all,Igneus Tempus,"its a survival, building and management game. kinda like the game rimworld. Although it has a few noticeable bugs but other than that its pretty fun. My scoreGameplay 7/10Graphics 6/10Sounds 7/10Summary 20/30"
76561198019638245,Not Recommended,224500,24607444,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,soul.storm.fire,Great potential doesn't hel if the Dev disappears traceless.
76561198031103886,Not Recommended,224500,21759676,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,John Century,It worked on my old computer but on windows 10? Game loads to the start/menu screen and then I cannot select anything. I can't select options. I can't select new game. I can't select exit game. DO NOT BUY.
76561198143885559,Not Recommended,224500,25767681,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Tenacious C,Another Early Access failure.
76561198052451988,Not Recommended,224500,18413710,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Smoqueed,"Lag city, ♥♥♥♥♥, lag lag city, ♥♥♥♥♥Bug city, ♥♥♥♥♥, bug bug city, ♥♥♥♥♥Am far over the system requirements for this game though, i get low FPSBuy it when it's out of early acces so you won't get some sort of game breaking bug! (Or you could just ask for a refund)"
,Recommended,224500,8074664,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Giovan,"This is the best gnome game out there. Better than dwarves, towns, or dwarf fortress. Get it. Now."
,Recommended,224500,20750571,"Posted: 25 January, 2016",all,Jav,The weak man's Dwarf Fortress
76561198047563415,Recommended,224500,30547398,Posted: 16 March,all,Kysman,"As good as Dwarf FortressBreat building, challenging game with nice estetcs, only bad thing is small workshop and sounds are not great"
76561198171042354,Not Recommended,224500,17987004,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,Our Savior,"Concept is great but the gameplay is utter♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ you can only give jobs instead of making the gnomes work, they will take care of their own needs first, next they will not work without beer (alcoholic scrubs) great idea but the gameplay is soo complex it would take around 10-25 hours to learn"
76561198127221113,Recommended,224500,29947694,Posted: 15 February,all,Captaincrash,it a good game dont let the bad reviews stop you from buying they are gust mad that the game was abandon
,Not Recommended,224500,19297042,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,*Yuki*,"Sadly its not very playable in its current state.In 20 minutes, Im crashed twice + this game eat so much CPU and has very low fps on intel GPU.Also there is no tutorial :/Subscribed and refunded, will try again later"
76561198042913113,Recommended,224500,14047589,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,caidicus,"""That's the most useless review I've ever seen"" - Said by someone about my last review of the game.Here is the new review, which will hopefully prove that there are much more useless reviews than the one I wrote before.Gnomoria is an interesting kind of game. You do some stuff, in this place, with these things. Eventually you can do more stuff, and then you can't do any more stuff because all the stuff is done.I've played other games where you do stuff, but the stuff you do in Gnomoria is different from the stuff you do in most other games.Overall, I enjoyed doing stuff in Gnomoria, and if you like doing stuff too, maybe you'll like the stuff that you can do in Gnomoria.10/10 - Would certainly do stuff again."
76561198168499634,Not Recommended,224500,16165649,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,undeadleader1234,the game kinda sucks as it is very complicated. i recommend going on youtube to learn how to play otherwise your fun is gone  under an hour. i also dont recommend buying it unless its on sale for around $5
76561197988145684,Recommended,224500,23591730,"Posted: 15 June, 2016",all,Jeep91,Good
76561198050230118,Recommended,224500,23645985,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,annefl,"Easy to play, hard to master"
,Not Recommended,224500,18295573,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,seaofthesky,PLEASE GNO MORE
,Not Recommended,224500,17745798,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Catosaurus,i want my money back
,Recommended,224500,21441252,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,LOADING...,"i bought the game. after about 5 mins of playing i stopped and returned the game. it just wasnt my cup of tea. looked very interesting i just didnt like the controls, dont think its for everyone. but definatly worth a try."
76561198030392111,Not Recommended,224500,22488952,"Posted: 17 April, 2016",all,PP | EpicSaxGuy,"well this is basically dwarf fortress with a graphic that actually isn't made of incomprensible simbols and letters, and that isn't trying to kill your eyes will you play.as dwarf fortress by which is obviusly inspired this game has tons of possibility and mechanics.sadlythereisno♥♥♥♥ingtutorialare you kidding me?????at least a tutorial map for this kind game is mandatory.how do devs exactly think that player could learn to play if they don't know even the basic of building or the food/gathering mechanics?to play it i will be forced to actually search for myself a guide in internet or a oyutube video that explains the basic mechanics of the game.and sorry but no tutorial or manual is barely acceptable for free downalable indie games.surely not for something paidthis is the onl reason that i put a negative review"
76561198008633722,Not Recommended,224500,21658100,"Posted: 5 March, 2016",all,Gnilneelps,Dwarf Fortress has better controls
,Not Recommended,224500,21476048,"Posted: 26 February, 2016",all,[Zot] Sels McWillar,"The in-game font is hard to read and very small. This became a huge issue on a normal 24"" 1920x1080 monitor, and my eyesight is otherwise excellent. Reducing the game's fullscreen resolution does alleviate problem to some degree, but that introduces blurry TFT scaling. (And the font still remains hard to read because of its design.)Speaking of resolutions, the game always crashes upon changing fullscreen settings or the resolution.Otherwise the game seems aesthetically pleasing and the orchestrated music is nice to listen to. Here's hoping the font gets a makeover at some point, or at least text scaling options are introduced."
76561198031529307,Not Recommended,224500,15284166,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,actionorb,The controlls are only slightly better than dwarf fortress'.
,Not Recommended,224500,18544716,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Scodes,"Don't buy this if you have windows 10! Game only registers mouse clicks maybe 1 in 5 clicks, key presses are simmilar. Also if you change the screen resolution from the default it makes everything small and you can't go back to the default....0/10 would not buy again"
,Not Recommended,224500,24792328,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,G.I. Go Home,We got shafted. Get it? Lel.Don't buy this game.
76561198137216559,Recommended,224500,22933500,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Elma is best.,"Keemstar SimulatorSomebody once told me that I could make some moneyby bullying some poeple online,so i grew a gnome goatee and put on a stupid beanie,and started making up some dank lies.so im making death threats and im calling people♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥counting that cash so my channel's growing biggernever you mind that I was already banned for my racist, homophobic hate speech rants. found a loophole, now it's my goal to poison the online punch bowl.you never know who i might dox, so yall can suck on my ♥♥♥♥♥.Hey now you're a keemstar, get your hat on, MLGHey now you're a keemstar, get your sociopathyAnd all we care about is neeeeeews, personal attacks and harassment is totally neeewwweees.""Like, I litterally wanna kill this dude. It's not a threat it's a promise, I want to ♥♥♥♥ing kill this dude""""Oh, ♥♥♥♥in righteous ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥alex is doin this♥♥♥♥♥♥""""HMMM, can't wait to report your death, HUHUHH, like seriously? what's wrong with you, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥""""everybody type in the chat alex is a stupid♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥quot;""I only do this show for money, that's it, alright""""I don't do it to entertain people, That's just a ♥♥♥♥in' scam""""I really hope you die of cancer, I hate every single one of you""""♥♥♥♥ THE FANS""Hey now you're a keemstar do a trick-shot MLGHey now you're a keemstar eat your popcorn, goateeAnd all I report is the news, If you can call this newsSomebody once asked could you spare me from harassment?Your content is a ♥♥♥♥in disgrace, I said yep, and to save myrep. I'm gonna bully you until you're dead. I'll gonna punch you harder than my girlfriend's faaaaaaaaaceWell, The hate keeps comin for the show im running, even if i get banned ill just keep on comin. Doesn't make sense to give up this shtick I make mad money from bein a♥♥♥♥♥♥ My revenue stream, it is my dream to take online gossip to the extreme. I'm a sociopath don't ya know. Ill do anything for a little dough.Hey now, you're a keemstar, Get your keem on, keemstarHey now, you're a keemstar, you're an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ keemstarAhhhhhhhhiaahahaiiaoommhmmmEerorrrrrooroooeahahahhhkeeeemmmsttarrrrr Keemstar is a gnoooommoommeeee"
76561198010868606,Not Recommended,224500,17636593,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,urdue,You have to figure out how to play with no tutorial.
76561198042190279,Not Recommended,224500,17631345,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,Silver,Like dwarf fortress but bad 0/10
76561198223274088,Recommended,224500,27928089,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Bibbie,solid game
,Recommended,224500,27953760,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,pedrobento1996,Addictive
76561198013241087,Not Recommended,224500,32650009,Posted: 22 June,all,Wild Hare,I think I missed the point on the way in or something.
,Not Recommended,224500,24643840,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,IlluminatingCactus,basically a bad Dwarf Fortress with (marginally) better UI
,Not Recommended,224500,14468180,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,watashi wa joshy wa,Confusing and not very well explained.
,Recommended,224500,28209072,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,9911MU51C,">Equips a squad with all dual iron hand axes>Goblins show up>watch as they get dismembered almost instantly>GoblinSwingsWithGoblinRightLeg.jpg>call in the unarmed militia to finish off the living torsos>gnomes start eating hearts and kicking them to death>turn all the goblins into sausages and eat the remainsgnine/gnine, fun having a civilization of bloodthirsty little savages"
,Not Recommended,224500,23623250,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Bobby Gaita,"No instructions, dont understand what i do bad game 1/10"
,Not Recommended,224500,11479826,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,The Invisible Expert,"This game was really hard for me to understand. Granted, I'm not very familiar with builder games, so I'll admit I may not be a good judge of this game. I guess I was just disappointed because it said it was user-friendly, but I did not find that to be true. Perhaps I have not learned enough about it to fully understand.Maybe updates will come along and clear this up, or more walk-through guides will surface. Either way, this game wasn't for me. If you're on the fence about it, just view the walk-through guides and see if it makes sense to you first. ;)"
,Not Recommended,224500,20966980,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Eevilflame,dont waste your cash no updates in months Dev made a bit of a game took the cash and ran rip off scam artist its a pity because it had promise maybe someone could take the game and finish it ?
,Not Recommended,224500,8303009,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Victorious,"Mildly frustrating and wrought with bugs. I wouldn't recommend buying it until it leaves Early Access. It has plenty of potential, but with the amount of bugs I've run into, it's hardly worth any amount of money at moment."
76561198263986246,Not Recommended,224500,33625874,Posted: 18 July,all,Zelenacek77,i don't now how to play this game i don't now how to build or mine i don't now how to craft and i don't more of it. it's hard game
76561198162836842,Recommended,224500,21429775,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,License Expired,One more thing....One more thing....Quickly that...Realy need to do that...One more thing...One more thing...OH no! I need to do that...RIP
76561198065829183,Not Recommended,224500,11178212,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,SlimSlamKablam,"Ok so heres the thing, I dont think gnomoria is necesarilly a bad game. I honestly dont know if its good or bad, because ive barely played any. The thing is, I have very little experience with games like gnomoria, and upon entering the game, I found no easily accessible form of instructions. Im not asking for a tutorial, but even just a short, basic intro to the general principals of the game to set you on your way.If you understand these types of games, or have the patience the go learn how to play, then by all means, you should try it out.  But if you're like me and are too lazy to go off and find a video on how to play or find an intro somewhere, then hope that when this game is officially released, it has some way to introduce new players to itself"
,Not Recommended,224500,31596010,Posted: 6 May,all,Cat Yoshi,Broken and abandoned by Devs
,Not Recommended,224500,28872049,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,mpahic,"Shortly, this game is hard. Even on easy mode. They say it has a big learning curve. But guess what, games should be fun. And particullary this kind of game attracts casual gamers, which I am, and I feel a lot of frustration when at certain point of the game, one enemy kills of every gnome I have.So until some ballancing is made to the game, and I guess it wont since it is a full release, I do not reccomend it at all."
76561198048696400,Not Recommended,224500,31576823,Posted: 6 May,all,theZou,Broken and abandoned by devs
,Not Recommended,224500,18157548,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,F0XSKY,Could use a tutorial
,Not Recommended,224500,18823453,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,suh dude,I don't even remember buying this
76561198171170125,Not Recommended,224500,33633857,Posted: 18 July,all,SCOTTY T | gamekit.com,They is no directions and really hard to learn and takes a long time to load a world.
,Not Recommended,224500,31634169,Posted: 8 May,all,👯🏻🥛🐸👌🏻KEK,Broken and abandoned by Devs.
,Not Recommended,224500,15588601,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Kantalope,It is a comeplete copy of a good game called Dwarf Fortress w/ stone sense.It is complete rubbish ye old elves.
,Not Recommended,224500,17623115,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,bazinga congoman,"0 tutorial game gives no help to the player on how to play game.If I have to find a guide on Youtube or elsewhere to do basic things in your game, it's a bad game."
76561198055815853,Not Recommended,224500,11135856,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Bulletwizard59,"GnomoriaThis game appears as a simple and fun game, yet when starting this game i noticed a number of difficulties with no tutorial the begining/starting point is questionable and even with online guides there are a number of recommened starting points which causes confustion. The gnomes themselves are difficult to get the hang off and a general idea of what needs to be done to begin this game of succesful takes a lot of research and knowledege. Overall i like the idea they have tried to do but sadly this is not the way forward for a game like this."
76561198014913462,Not Recommended,224500,13416373,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Illimitus,MIcromanaging games live and die by their interface. This game died.
76561197972201234,Not Recommended,224500,13552826,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Hoksar,Just not run - game broken...
76561198260311229,Not Recommended,224500,24664168,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,djowinillsin,no tutoral . but if the game did have one i would give it a try again
,Not Recommended,224500,9283639,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Dratai,"It's an okay game but it, like towns, is a dwarf fortress clone with less features and less responsive citizens. The only real upside to it is that building upwards is less of a chore and the graphics look nice, but at present, the free game that is dwarf fortress gives you more and it'd cost you less to donate to that absolutely free game.Admittedly DF is clunky, but it is moddable, has mods, plenty mods, gets better with mods and while it's getting updated with sparse frequency, I wouldn't reccommend -another- DF clone that has quite a few glaring bugs and doesn't seem to be updated all that frequently for a game that's supposed to be early access.it seems like it could be a 6 or 7 out of 10 game, which means it isn't a bad game by any means, but there's better things out there than what this currently offers you, for -zilch- out of your wallet.It's promising enough, hence the 65%-ish which I'm allowing it with the benefit of doubt.But there are issues. blocks that refuse to vanish, unresponsive (at times) gnomes, clunky isometric controls that aren't quite targeting the things you're trying to get at. Even for seasoned players of this particular type of games it's frustrating to learn the order in which you have to excavate a thing to avoid floating floors in the middle of your glorious construction.And it has an aversion to giving you enough -base- materials early on to actually get you going.This is just to name a few of the things I remember from last I played it, in december.Maybe if they could at least, for a game that pretty much grabs dwarf fortress and removes the fortress and all the things in it, and renames dwarf as gnome, refine what they have - I might reccommend it to people that don't like the -potential- complexity of DF if they did that much. Until then, this isn't quite the game it should be. It's not an issue of something as hipster-y as being casual or any notion of that silly word, it's an issue of cloning something imperfectly.But then.. that's just my opinion, keep that in mind."
76561197968938567,Not Recommended,224500,33843130,Posted: 27 July,all,Whoopi pie Dabe,The game has to many flaws imo to be considered a finished game.
76561197970517494,Not Recommended,224500,9844006,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,Weltschmerz,"Apart from gnomria I also have rimworld and spacebase df9. These are all very similar in style. Gnomoria is possibly a good game, one day, but at the moment it is unintuitive to use. There are lots of options but no clear indication why you would use them and to what end. A game with this level of complexity should scaffold the player into it, remove options until you are ready for them. Have on screen hints as to what you may want to do next.I don't like the UI of the game, the options are dense and unclear, the build process using the mouse is awkward and cannot be easily undone. The graphics are pretty lame. I understand people get into the whole retro stuff. Us older players who cut their teeth on 8-bit micros are not so keen to have pixlelated characters that don't animate.I will keep an eye on this game see where it at in a year's time. Ine the meantime I will get my base building fun out of other titles."
,Not Recommended,224500,8687624,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Draconis🐊,"While not as complex as Dwarf Fortress this game has a certain charm to it. However crippling lag prevents many people myself included from enjoying it. As well it seems as though some of the requirements and general exploration and economy is broken. Monsters spawn underground after depth -7 if it is dark styming the ever worsening quest for coal. Which is itself needed to make those torches. Wood in particular is a mystery. It takes vast amounts to make a workshop or bed. Also it can be used in lieu of coal by having a furnace.The way workshops interact to provide resources to each other, as well as the well done but perhaps not totally tuned military system are high points.A lot of people however are unable to play this game past 15 or so gnomes due to intense system lag on even very robust machines. As well the game, pun unintended, lacks depth. You get migrants. You build your town. You mine ever further down. No caves (there are tiny ones for monsters to spawn) or other features impress enough to enable a solid game experience.This game would be quite the gem with its simple if a tad akward interface if a few features were improved.1. Lag needs to be fixed the game feels like it is just oozeing memory loss on 16+gb. This is a notable problem with indie games not being properly optimized to work with multiple cores or just not having tight code.2. More going on underground. The spawning monsters in dark sections is a alpha feature of Minecraft. A alpha feature that became the standard for his game due to Notch's laziness. Perhaps having undiscovered things underground which produce or allow monsters to come in on map edges in cave systems. Spawning increasingly higher level skeletons just because it was dark is obnoxious and easily sidestepped by torch spam. Have the underground features possibly be inactive till discovered if lag is a problem. Things like golem factories or lost temples.3. More factions or civilizations to interact with. Traders, gnomads and fort value = higher level monsters is too basic.4. Perhaps rudimentary physics for unsupported titles. They are especially cumbersome.While a fun couple hours and a good visual interface. This really fails to deliver a solid city builder experience. The crippling lag is especially disheartening and problamatic.I could see recommending this game in the future if it improves. Unfortunately I have many reservations about early access games due to experience with them putting in placeholders then calling them final features."
,Not Recommended,224500,8258265,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,RiotMann,"Very hard to understand, needs a beggining tutorial"
,Not Recommended,224500,18561800,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Timcanpy,This game has been in early access for far too long. Its like the developer treat this as a private project. There is no objective and place to explore. Its just a endless wave of mining for ore and rock and killing goblin. Don't buy this game as its broken.
76561198068202382,Not Recommended,224500,31515932,Posted: 2 May,all,timi.ingram,Waste of time.
76561198043793071,Not Recommended,224500,8166129,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,John,"In alpha, the game was lacking visual season changes, domesticable animals, a way to burry the dead, a smarter AI that doesn't get itself trapped when ordened to haul, a bigger variety of enemies, and waaaay more stuff. So, what did the devs do? They added some sound effects and called it ""beta""."
,Not Recommended,224500,8263263,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,King Of Whales,"The fact that there is no tutorial kills this game, i had no idea what i was doing when i was playing, and after some time of building floors made of stairs, i got to the point where i just did not care to find out."
76561197975330118,Recommended,224500,28277145,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Radsvid the Lightbringer,this game is really fun but every time i play it i feel horrifyingly autistic.
76561198030770447,Not Recommended,224500,9266143,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Sqbany,"A rather unbalanced game with artifical difficulty that punishes you for not knowing in depth numbers that no regular player should really know about. After my 3rd play with getting still slaughtered by goblins that easily kill 5-6 gnomes equipped for fight I'm still at lost what do I do wrong.Now I'm not a new to this genre I did play enough Dwarf Fortress to know how to build efficient settlement and what to concentrate first on. No dabbling in merchandise crafts, no furniture, just basic workshops, farms and metallurgy to get gnomes equipped in weapons and some armor to deck out one squad of military.I guess there are some hidden numbers or cheesy strategies that more or less abuse game mechanics, but that should NOT be requirtement to play the game.I did like the UI improvement and mouse/keyboard interface, that a huge step up from ASCII DF.So do yourself a favor and skip this one, there are better survival games out there."
,Not Recommended,224500,8262142,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Copernicus,"I do not hate this game, it seems very well done and could be a lot of fun. What I do not like is no tutorial and the beginning feels like your blind walking in a freeway. If anyone could help me I will change this review and it would be greatly appreciated!"
76561197966557804,Not Recommended,224500,21415581,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,The Rabid Otter,"Updated review as of 15 August 2017: I decided  to retry this game after a year or more hiatus from it. Maybe even a two years hiatus? Anyway, having played RimWorld in the last year, I think I can now better appreciate Gnomoria. With that said, I would give this a neutral rating instead of my old thumbs down rating, IF Steam allowed us to do this.If you like RimWorld, you might like this. But Christ are the controls a pain in the backside.Old review from  23 February 2016: Another game that the developer never finished. Meh."
76561198097936057,Not Recommended,224500,21428053,"Posted: 24 February, 2016",all,GamerRy123,only one way to describe INSANLY BAD
,Not Recommended,224500,11058115,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,RylenWolf,I actually went outside during this game.
,Not Recommended,224500,11774710,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Mr. Wallet,"Games like this are made or broken on their crafting system.I need to make a ""bed frame"" and a ""matress"" to craft a bed.Screw you Gnomoria; I don't have time in my life to create a modern production chain just to build a god-damn bed.It doesn't help that this is exactly like Dwarf Fortress with a clumsier interface and no default keybindings for common tasks."
76561198006746529,Not Recommended,224500,10490519,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Gloggles,Follow some lets play and the AI and pathing is not up to par. The Gnoms did more random things then what I told them to do. Took three hours to build a wall. A wall. This was after I spent the time setting there task and profession in there AI. This is a terrible game and money down the drain.
76561198040734103,Not Recommended,224500,8340115,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,JavaSkeptre,"Extensive managment through an extensive number of statistics through an extensive number of skills and gnomes... honestly... soooooo many numbers and soooooo many buttons, but once you learn all of the basics, the game will get LOTS easier, but it really turns off new players just because there is so much you gotta learn"
76561198044781483,Not Recommended,224500,8321461,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,StonePilot,"Gnomoria appears to be a perfect game in every way. Upon downloading and launching up however, it is a different story. This game looks absolutely amazing, and I have no doubt its fun, but for someone like me, (someone who is new to these kinds of games), tutorials are great. And Gnomoria lacks one completely. Though there is a control config, and you can figure out most of the buttons (kind of), its a hassle to be sitting there confused and without any direction. On top of that, if you assign workers to do something they may or may not do it. Even if they do, itll only usually be one or two of them, even if you assign them all to do it. My opinion of the game? The game itself could be terrible or fun, but no matter what, don't get this game if you are not familiar with these controls. It's that simple."
,Not Recommended,224500,8262332,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Arktos,"A lot of depth in this game, but the lack of an intuitive user interface kills it for me. I don't want to have to read a manual for 30 minutes to enjoy the game. The control interface for the gnomes isn't explicit and leaves you wondering why things aren't going as you want.But if you really want a sim and are willing to invest the time, you may like it more than I."
76561197999692818,Not Recommended,224500,8259920,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,E-Bone Capone,"Confuses the♥♥♥♥♥♥outa me. Last time I played the tutorial did not help me. Maybe if you are used to Dwarf Fortress you might get it, but I don't"
,Not Recommended,224500,9234465,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,spootyshiznit,Boring. Not what I thought it would be like.
76561198038630823,Not Recommended,224500,11869842,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Teddy,couldent get the hang of it. wish i haddent of bought it now. wish it had a torual.
,Not Recommended,224500,10885051,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Ventisca - Ikari,It's a graphical version of Dwarf Fortress.  What more needs to be said?
76561198043742751,Not Recommended,224500,31610216,Posted: 7 May,all,MikePleasure,Broken and abandoned by Devs
,Not Recommended,224500,15626167,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Cheerilee,well i am not fan of this game its like minecraft where just throw you in game and do not know what ♥♥♥♥ your doing half of time so id say needs more workit's wroth the moneyon top that needsbe fixed got bugsand needs tips on how to play game
,Not Recommended,224500,21417315,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,FirMiw,No Tutorial
76561198030458889,Not Recommended,224500,30601110,Posted: 18 March,all,Juan The Faptist,no
,Not Recommended,224500,8357657,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Gumi,I'll change my rating if they add a tutorial the game is very confusing if you are new to the genre
76561198025376643,Not Recommended,224500,8105607,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Little Phoenix,"I'd consider buying ""Towns"" over this game.  As far as Dwarf Fortress ""clones"" and inspired games... This one is a little bit too fiddly and gets annoying really fast.Maybe it will be improved over time, for now... Its just not worth it."
,Not Recommended,224500,8571481,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Shmitz,"A convoluted, incoherent, inelegant, barely designed mess of gameplay elements. I would rather play Towns, for all its bugs and lack of developer support, than this exercise in masochism. I can't offer much feedback to the Gnomoria team other than throw everything out the window and start over from scratch."
,Not Recommended,224500,9413329,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,Carns,i dont like itjust play dwarf fortress
76561197967660346,Not Recommended,224500,8465355,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Serenade,Controls were too frustrating for me.
76561197995072611,Not Recommended,224500,14376687,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,THEKOOKYBOY,I dont understand.
,Not Recommended,224500,8767251,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Atrithau (4),"A simple and better-looking Dwarf Fortress. What a pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥ First of all, the simplicity isn't exactly a selling point, so you'd mostly be trading for the latter. Is this a better looking game than Dwarf Fortress? Absolutely ♥♥♥♥ing not. This game looks plain ugly. I suppose the other reason to consider this other DF is the fact that i's sort of 3D - once again, not a good thing. Most of the time you'll be struggling to see whatever the ♥♥♥♥ it is you're doing. Also, the music dogshit. Yes, even worse than the endless loop of DF's two string tune.All of this could be forgivable if did anything particularly interesting, but it doesn't. It's literally just DF for babies.I suppose this isn't the most explicit review out there, but it doesn't really need to be. If you really feel like paying money to pay a ♥♥♥♥♥ier version of DF, then this is it. Otherwise, play the original game that inspired this atrocity, which is ♥♥♥♥ing free."
76561198002355790,Not Recommended,224500,13201124,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,bananaSplif,meh.
76561198035446557,Not Recommended,224500,8873875,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,Setzerland,"Complicated HUB, no tutorial, waste of time just wandering meanwhile thinking what should I do...I thougth that could be Terraria with isometric camera, but It's far away from reality. Could improve much more."
,Not Recommended,224500,8314494,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,[OFc] SemperID,"Towns is alot better, I would not recommend buying this game!"
,Not Recommended,224500,8843997,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Tylerflame99,no idea how this game works because there is no tutorial
,Not Recommended,224500,16052601,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Kuehnau,Gnomoria is a unpolished pile of crap. Avoid at all costs.
76561197977454035,Not Recommended,224500,8322783,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,silent.static,"Dear Consumer,This game is incredibly difficult to get into. You'll spend more time  on the internet trying to find out what to do, then actually spending time playing the game.  I bought this initially because of the positive reviews; however, those reviewers are obviously sadists. Let's go over a few things:Pros:-It's Cheap.- Retro Visuals-""Sandbox"" ?  More like thrown to the wolves without any help...Cons:-It has the worst in-game music ever produced. You'll be muting it/turning it off within the first 5 minutes.- It has NO TUTORIAL- It has an insane amount of advanced options that won't make any sense to the ""new"" person.-Most Importantly  it's too confusing, and honestly it's not worth the amount of time it takes to read how to play the game, just to play the game.  Terraria is WAY more fun.I'm posting this to WARN OTHERS.  Do not buy. Unless you enjoy a suspended state of confusion."
76561197999651071,Not Recommended,224500,8532665,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Reverend Delicious,"First game in my life i had to turn off after 10 minutes of playing since, no tutorial and bad UI aside, the game boasts what has to be the WORST soundtrack in game history!!! It's an assault on good taste and really, REALLY hurts to listen to - i couldnt turn it off quick enough before i had to quit and deinstal the game, I just dont understand who ever thought this mixture of digital farts and obnoxious sounds would be good idea for a world bulding game, nay, ANY game at all!!! WORST TWO BUCKS EVER SPENT!!!"
76561198024284388,Not Recommended,224500,8315486,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,firthp,No tutorial or any decent explanation of game mechanics.
,Not Recommended,224500,11615248,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,=,"Graphics: 2Sound: 2Controls: 3Replay Ability: 3Updates / Patches: 4Storyline: 1Multiplayer: N/ASingle Player: 3Lan Available: N/AServers: N/ADLC: N/AUser Interface:4Game Play Ability: Intermediate/AdvancedOverall:  2.8 out of 6Notes:Just like yard gnomes, the animations, sound and grapics just stand there lifeless and unpleasent. The only thing that keeps this game playable is th ability to craft a gnome paradise/fortress. You must upkeep your world feed,defend and build your gnome empire. At best a 16-bit 2D Minecraft...[1] Horrible [2] Poor [3] Fair [4] Good [5] Great [6] OutstandingThings not available (N/A) are NOT included in score."
76561198069109648,Not Recommended,224500,11149590,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,WhiteFall,still cant pickup stone...
76561198093002804,Not Recommended,224500,11872749,"Posted: 26 August, 2014",all,Cronenberg Rick,no if ♥♥♥♥ing crap
76561198111220242,Not Recommended,224500,10937419,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Ichoscker_Flux,"This game may look good and looks fair to buy at a 50% off discount, but it's still even worth it. The is not the game that not can provide instant fun, insted gives you a hot bar and leaves you to find out the controls and the rules of the game, when you spend to find out how it works and play the game, you feel as if you had more fun spending time to find out how the game works rather than playing it."
76561197961165322,Not Recommended,224500,8668327,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,kovert,This is pretty much a graphical clone of Dwarf Fortress but they didn't do much to improve gameplay or mechanics. It suffers from the same micromanagement problems of the original.
,Not Recommended,224500,1366971,"Posted: 14 June, 2013",all,Dr. Banana Wafflez,"BRUTALLY BROKEN WITH NO TUTORIAL! I was able to figure out somewhat how to play the game. Sorta if you can call it that. I'm talking I had it on easy to try out and I get one of my guys killed by a monster that random spawns in my home 4 hours in. I have 4 guys attack and kill it. I have a Hospital room set up and plenty of bandages and people working as DR.s and SHAZAM he still bleeds out after a very short time. I see no real way to get more Gnomes. I had one show up totally random but lost 4 in the process of learning how to make bandages.That clearly don't seam to work. Then figure the hospital room aspect out and 3 dudes spent about 10 to 15 minutes in there with wounds that didn't kill them but were apparently enough to have all my other gnomes spend all this time taking care of them. They keep running off to do things they don't need to do verses tasks I'm telling them to. The combat isn't really even there. I know this is  ""In Bata"" But holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ I had higher hopes perhaps? But in it's current state first impression is very bad. I wanna be nice and be like this is fun. But just being honest. How can I build a defence when monsters randomly spawn in my walled in home ?"
76561198117721432,Not Recommended,224500,10699052,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,RumpleForeskin,Just a rip off of towns except worse
,Not Recommended,224500,12067414,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,evil morty,♥♥♥♥
76561198040095009,Not Recommended,224500,7906163,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,jebmcdeber,"The lack of control over your Gnomes drives me insane. I'm never sure if they are buggin out or if I'm doing something wrong, but I can be sure that they'll never do what I want. In any case, this game has nothing to offer over established RTS and sim games other than new bugs and ancient graphics."
76561198135967863,Not Recommended,224500,33890125,Posted: 29 July,all,Mhadgrin,"The game is as good as unplayable. Have been trying several times to dig a simple square, but the miners keep getting stuck over and over again. When something so simple is screwed up so badly, I ask for a refund."
76561198090964613,Not Recommended,224500,30954336,Posted: 4 April,all,HarmlessHermit,1/10 this game never worked for me and was a waste of my time even thou i usally do nothing anyways
,Not Recommended,224500,9819501,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,D0G,Utter CRAP!
76561197991137557,Not Recommended,224500,12832673,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,BrianHammerhand,"The game has promise in concept but the jerky movement, confusing interface, and lack of a smooth gameplay make me feel like going back to my old Commodore 64 instead. At least I get nice sprite animations that way. This game reminds me of those old 1990s games for Windows you would find on a Freeware CD. Old-looking graphics are fine but at least it would be nice if the characters would not pop around from tile to tile in a Japanese Seizure Robots way.  It's a chore to play, like a better version of the infamous ""Towns"".I come back to the game from time to time and check out the features. I am waiting for a really slick UI, a tutorial that makes sense, but I doubt I will see it.  There are no tips in the game and I should not have to watch a 20 minute YouTube video explaining how to play when I have played games for decades. Perhaps if I spent 3 hours learning how to play well I would be one of the positive reviewers, but this one does not inspire me to play at all. I click on the ground and it tells me what the terrain is with an annoying box that says ""grass"" I must close. Really?Great idea, terrible execution."
76561198156297440,Not Recommended,224500,23088727,"Posted: 19 May, 2016",all,Nicoarn121 csgowitch.com,This game sucks because of one reason. HOW DO I PLAY?I start with a few gnomes. Click on stuff.... Nothing
,Not Recommended,224500,12586356,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Ironic Dabbing 3017,Very simple and somewhat boring game. The controls are fairly hard to learn unless you put a lt of time into learning them.
,Not Recommended,224500,9816146,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Gedise,Nope
,Not Recommended,224500,7585348,"Posted: 6 November, 2013",all,Circus_O,Dwarf fortress that doesn't burn your eyes!Edit:Game is incredibly mind-blowingly abandoned
76561198021618625,Recommended,224500,10640830,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,✪LeoCean✪,Gnomoria is definitely worth it's price and it comes on sale quite often. It does have some flaws but the developer patches this game once to twice a month.
76561198015028449,Recommended,224500,10646166,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Dreaven,great game if you take the time to get in to it.
76561197999455018,Recommended,224500,10649290,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Old Man Metal,7/10Its a nice game to play when you want to listen to an audio book.
76561198028346697,Recommended,224500,10650804,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Trop,"Great game, getting better ever day."
,Recommended,224500,10659823,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,TOG | Egovice,1st kingdom: death by starvation2nd kingdom: death by bear3rd kingdom: walled my gnomes in to avoid loosing the last few to a bear.
,Recommended,224500,10661047,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,MonsPubis,"Have your friends ever ranted and raved about Dwarf Fortress, but when you tried it you couldn't get past the Algebra Vomit? Did you try to install a custom tileset only to have everything go terribly awry? Well that's alright! With Gnomoria, you get all the pants-soiling hilarity that comes with Dwarf Fortress in a new, shiny, picture-enhanced format. You start with a handful of supplies and a small group of eager Gnomes setting off into the wilderness to build a new Gnome paradise. Encounter such dastardly enemies as the Honey Badger and Monitor Lizard while your fledgeling civilization tries to establish itself. Grow crops, build an arboreum, brew booze, and say goodbye to your social life with this wonderful gem! And remember, it's not whether you win or lose, it's how grand your fall from grace will be."
,Recommended,224500,10662600,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Tinwhistler,"A number of my nerdy friends like Dwarf Fortress. I admit that I've spent dozens of hours playing it, myself. Unfortunately, it suffers from horrible UI--the entire game is text-based, and while you can get mods that make it a little more bearable, it still is hard to get into, visually.I've often said that if DF had decent graphics, I'd play the crap out of it.  Gnomoria is that game. It's extremely similar to dwarf fortress (except with gnomes), from the command interface to the combat engine. You dig into the earth, mine precious minerals, and face unknown dangers in the quest to see your kingdom thrive and grow.  It may not be *quite* as complex as Dwarf Fortress, but that's more than an acceptable trade-off in my opinion."
76561198003725815,Recommended,224500,10543971,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,XTree[9],Great game with a high learning curve. Poor graphics and action but the city management is fun along with watching your gnomes get better at skills.
,Recommended,224500,10544035,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Syphin,This is a fun and very addicting game once you understand how to play it. It needs some work to it but that will come over time as it is still in the works of being completed. A lot to do and find out.
76561198030374042,Recommended,224500,10119196,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,commander515,"Graphically, Gnomoria is somewhat inferior to the much-maligned and unsuccessful Towns - that being said, in every other way it is superior to that now-defunct game. Gnomoria is better designed, with an interface that gives you many more options for terraforming and production and allows you to keep better control of all aspects of your settlement (if you so desire). The citizen and soldier AI is much better, resulting in more production efficiency and fewer random casualties. Unlike Towns, Gnomoria provides a slew of pre-game customization options to fine-tune your game, and there are no 'unused' or 'useless' objects - everything you mine or forage can be crafted or re-purposed into something else. Gnomoria's audio - both in sound effects and music - also enjoys much better quality and diversity, providing alot of good atmosphere. Think of this game as a graphically-superior, 3D version of Dwarf Fortress, with the capacity to be made less utterly brutal. While it lacks the hero/dungeon crawling aspect of Towns, its sheer superiority in nearly every other category, combined with the clear dedication of this developer to keep working on it (unlike its now-completely unsupported genre step-sibling) makes Gnomoria the clear choice for anyone wanting a deep and engaging fantasy kingdom-building sim."
,Recommended,224500,10253380,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,T1pple,"The game is a good game, and is still in early access. you can build your own kindgom of gnomes, trade with other kingdoms, and insult the Goblins. its nice on any PC, even single cores, so if you have a low end computer, and wanting control over mindless slaves, I choose this over towns any day."
,Recommended,224500,10595481,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Beheimyth,"Very addictive game!  Well worth the 8 dollars.  If you like sandbox game give it a try, you will not be disappointed"
,Recommended,224500,10759002,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Noob Skywalker,Best Dwarf fortress workover so far!
,Recommended,224500,10750190,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Avandor,Super happy funtime with gnomes :3
76561198035022514,Recommended,224500,10164188,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,KaoticKill3r,awsome game! it periodically gets updated.
,Recommended,224500,10104870,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Cazca Gaming,"Our village was given this and a computer for charity,we ate it"
76561197995475430,Recommended,224500,10550308,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,IntrACate,"Let's just say that when I looked at how long I've played this game I would have bet 6 hours, maybe.  But 27!?  When did I even do that!?  That's an entire day!"
,Recommended,224500,10551296,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,McTarkus,"Holy crap you should buy this game.  I bought this right before having my knee reconstructed and played it almost exclusively for the time i was bedridden.Then, one day, my friends visit and happens to look at my laptop.""Wait, how did you play this for 67 hours?""The funny thing is, I had no idea that I spent that long on it.  You could attribute it to the narcotics, but it takes a great game to hold anyone's attention for that long, no matter how out of their minds.Plus, I love that it's still being updated.  I love opening up Steam and seeing ""Gnomoria update: new enemies."" It feels like the Minecraft alpha.Overall, what seems like a Dwarf Fortress clone actually improves on the mechanics started in that game. It makes the game more accessible while retaining the ""learn as you play"" mentality."
76561198048732643,Recommended,224500,5373409,"Posted: 20 June, 2013",all,SirHawk,"OMG, THIS GAME IS AMAZING IT IS LIKE MINECRAFT BUT 3 TIMES BETTER IT MAKE ME SMILE EVERY TIME I PLAY IT AND ITS SO CREATIVE. YOU'LL SEE WHAT I MEAN IN THE TRAILER."
,Recommended,224500,10561713,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Taintedmushroom,Suitable replacement for Dwarf Fortress if you don't feel like spending hours just learning the UI that game has.
,Recommended,224500,10564935,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Rugluds,Dwarf fortress got me into these kinds of games. If you like the idea of managing a bunch of gnomes and building them a home out of the earth then this is your game. It is well worth the purchase price and can be highly addicting.
76561198074640762,Recommended,224500,6768962,"Posted: 22 June, 2013",all,StormNemesis,This game is highly addictive. I can't stop playing it! It's an alpha that plays better than a lot of games that have been released as being complete. It's a steal at $7.
76561198119713389,Recommended,224500,10495779,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Scoobs Doo.,An amazing game
76561197976176542,Recommended,224500,10724446,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Suicide Medic,"Ummmm.... Just Yes is all I have to say. Tried to get into Dwarf Fortress, this made it easier to learn"
,Recommended,224500,10725273,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,b0rkb0rkf,It'll eat away at your life in the best way possible.
,Recommended,224500,10596803,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,About4turtles,Great Game. Got on sale a few monthes ago and there is a lot more to do that you would expect. Best described as Dwarf Fortress with graphics.
76561198075869131,Recommended,224500,10585425,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Master Necrosis,"People would wonder ""why do you want a isometric version of dwarf fortress?"" My main reason is, it has a ui, and isn't driven entirely by keyboard. I love the game so far."
76561197974721626,Recommended,224500,10615619,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,BJAlex_The_4th,"Still getting worked on, getting better all the time."
76561198011888454,Recommended,224500,2738412,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,Cheez Eating Monkey,"great survival/city management game, very good UI. tried towns demo and much easier to use than towns. still not out yet and updates come quite frequently. Very impressed with game so far and the stuff thats listed to come out sounds even better. I play alot of DotA also and its great game to play while you waiting for the game que. Just hope they add some co op to this in future ;0"
,Recommended,224500,2876341,"Posted: 14 June, 2013",all,NewRando,"Very interesting game.If you enjoy games like ""Dwarf Fortress"" this game is a must have :pI like this wayyyy more then towns, as the ai is really annoying and getting killed by all the monsters in the mountains at the start LoLOverall a really good game :P"
,Recommended,224500,2973292,"Posted: 14 June, 2013",all,FLUFFY TOASTY,I'VE LOST MA GNOMES! WHERE'D THEY GO!?!! oh they are over there... 10/10
,Recommended,224500,3409583,"Posted: 31 March, 2013",all,Fernando,An amazing yet still kinda raw village management sim. Very promising.
76561198022419459,Recommended,224500,3422342,"Posted: 22 May, 2013",all,{S.S.E.} Pew Pew Panda,"If you liked Minecraft and Terraria, you may very well like this! Build the castle of your dreams, fight monsters, and dig dig dig!"
,Recommended,224500,3436964,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,Wonderland,"An excellent sand box village builder. The game is still in Alpha stage at this point, but is still worth a pick up. Taking many gameplay mechanics from games like Dwarf Fortress and adding isometric graphics, gnomoria has turned out to be a great indie game."
,Recommended,224500,4117004,"Posted: 31 August, 2013",all,Karl The Partially Bearded,"It isn't Dwarf-Fortress. But it's the next best thing.Gnomoria is a city-building/kingdom management game directly influenced by the beloved dorf-fort; You and your small little group of gnomads are plonked into a procedurally generated map with nothing but a few basic supplies, and are expected to carve out a glorious mountainhome in the name of profit, prosperity, and beards.At it's core, the game is essentially DF boiled down to the basics; it doesn't contain the sheer depth of the older game, lacking world simulation, history, the in-depth tracking of every single personality trait, physical features and relationships of every living entity in the world, or any of the other features that makes DF as amazeballs as it is. In place of these things, however, Gnomoria has one vital feature that many dorflikes lack; Accessibility.  Half the challenge of DF is learning to navigate the convoluted, inconsestent, and ugly interface, with no mouse support. Not to mention learning to read the initially indecipherable code that makes up the world; first-time DF players may as well be seeing into the matrix, and while graphics packs are available, the game will still look fairly ugly and confusing to many people.Gnomoria, on the other hand, has a clean, simple interface that can be fully navigated via keyboard hotkeys, or using the mouse. All of the commands are in fairly intuitive and logical places, and you probably won't find yourself unable to find anything specific. The visuals are clearer too; Gnomoria plays from an isometric perspective, and while the character/creature sprites could use some work, the game has a nice, clean style that looks decent without making things look cluttered or confusing.The game also has some nice logistical improvements over DF; namely, the ability to set priorities and stocks on workshops. This allows you to automate production of goods, to an extent; when you select ""craft to X"", the gnomes with the appropriate skills, or the one assigned to the workship, will keep crafting that particular product until it reaches the desired quantity, then stop. If stocks ever fall below that value, they'll top it up again. Combined with some clever priority management, this allows individual gnomes to have multiple jobs while still maintaining a constant, efficient production line. For example, charcoal can be made from wood in a furnace, and can be used in a smelter with some ore to create bars. Crafting to, say, 10, on the charcoal production job, will insure that there's always enough fuel available to smelt the ore, but will make sure you don't use up all the wood, overfill the stockpiles, and constantly tie up gnomes in hauling/wood burning jobs. This feature also applies to resource gathering, to an extent; in addition to the farms that already exist in DF, Gnomoria features 'Groves', which allows trees to be planted, harvested and/or cut down in an area, without manually ordering mass deforestation whenever you run low. Pastures can also be automated; you can set a certain population threshold in a pasture, and excess animals will be butchered without any manual input from you. This keeps things from getting out of hand or annoying.The game doesn't quite contain as much Fun as DF; while there are plenty of things that can kill you, and you are almost guaranteed to fall into decline eventually, without the use of cheese tactics like walling in, the game is much more forgiving than DF, and doesn't include the bane of all forts, the tantrum spiral. Catocalpyse, seiges, demonic invasions, attack by megabeast, disease, vampire attacks, murders and magma, flooding and fey moods,  all of these things are missing right now, making the game less Fun, but still fun.In short, this is definitely worth looking at if you're interested in the genre, but don't have the patience for DF, but hardcore Dwarf-Fort players will probably find the lack of content, smaller scale and general fairness of the game a little unfulfilling."
,Recommended,224500,9110740,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Tsugan,"Basically a graphically improved Dwarf Fortress, from what I understand it's competitor, ""Towns"", has a bad developer, who doesn't update frequently at all. If you're unwilling to slog it out with Dwarf Fortress (understandibly), there really isn't a better choice out there. Though I would suggest ""Banished"" as another game along the same vein as this, it's not out quite yet at the time of this writing, but within a few days it will be released."
76561197992652478,Recommended,224500,9130186,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Levkain,"Wonderful game, much more user friendly than dwarf fortress. 11/10"
76561198006485582,Recommended,224500,9139726,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,cryolemon,"As has been said a few times in the reviews, this is like a simpler more accessible Dwarf Fortress, and that's a good thing. Weekly updates are always helpful for any game, and in this case usually add a lot of stuff considering. I can't remember how much I paid for this game now, but it was worth more lol."
,Recommended,224500,8720286,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Newsworthy,"Do you value your time outside? Do you enjoy activities other than being glued to your PC? Would your loved ones contact emergency services if you went without contacting anyone for 3-4 days?If you answered no to these questions, then this game is for you. I just can't stop sometimes... Really, watching gnomes work, fight, dig, farm, slaughter, build, craft, tinker, mine and harvest is all incredibly addicting. Add to that the minecraft like ability to shape the world and build giant fortresses, and this game is like crack.Worst part is, it's not even finished. But, I can't pull away. It scares me for that reason. It's just that addictive."
,Recommended,224500,8733354,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,TiGGy,"I was first into Towns and I got bored of that as it felt undevelope. I then found this (after trying and failing at motivating myself for Dwarf Fortress) and have been hooked! It is amazing, relaxing, complex and loads of fun!"
76561198041765891,Recommended,224500,8733638,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Cptpain,If you love simulation stratagy games this is for you. So much room for improvment still how ever is my first thing to say.It has kept me going for a long long time! Balancing equal time for food/drink and trying to over come attacks etc all at the same time is a hard thing to master. Well worth the buy.
,Recommended,224500,8734002,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Snark Shark,"Amazing time eater. Needs more work as it's in early access, but it's fun, way more fun than I expected it to be."
,Recommended,224500,8736013,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Subito,"gnomoria.. it's strangely fascinating for a clock-work kingdom.  provided you don't ♥♥♥♥ everything up by starving to death, dying of thirst, or being killed by any number of hostile creatures, you can actually watch your minions build your kingdom in a haphazard and sometimes bafflingly executed way."
,Recommended,224500,8736344,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,CheckerboardDynamo,"Buy this just for the soundtrack, its by James Primate and is sick."
76561197966464654,Recommended,224500,8741892,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Ceiynt,"Sweet howdy this game is fun. It took about 5-7 hours to figure out how it works, but once you get the basics down, it's so much fun."
76561198009934518,Recommended,224500,8744409,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Abby Normal,"Great sandbox game from an indie developer, regular updates, look forward to seeing where this game goes."
76561198069445324,Recommended,224500,9322525,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,YaboiMuggy,# of hours I've played speak for themsleves.
,Recommended,224500,7585013,"Posted: 6 November, 2013",all,Crayons,"The gameplay threw me off because I'm a noob, but the music is amazing."
,Recommended,224500,10503849,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Austin_dude,some reviews for this game online are unfair this game has bugges sure what game doesnt but what some people dont undrstand is that it is in development and is still bieng updated frequently it is fun the combat is great traning doesent do much but it still helps but what is annoying is how much hits it takes to kill someone i had a gnome stab a dude in the chest like 50 timesit stoped at the ribs but surely they would bleed out from the 20 holes i still think the game is great and i give it a 7/10 it has great potentiol but this will be changes later depending if they make it worse or not
,Recommended,224500,4076331,"Posted: 19 September, 2013",all,Drago Duval,"Awesome game that everyone should play :DNo seriously, the engine work fine (Sure there is some minor bug, and some rare and deadly bug like the infinite water one), the game as so many to do and you can mod it for more !!Okay sure the game is no longer updated (The Developper who did it as now been seen for a long while), but in its current state you can consider it finished (Well i consider it finish, sure would love to see more, but its still good.).Better than Dwarf Fortress too, just saying :D."
76561197960389247,Recommended,224500,18628,"Posted: 2 April, 2013",all,Rona,"It's basically Dwarf Fortress without♥♥♥♥♥♥graphics. Takes a bit to get used to before the game rams it up your♥♥♥♥♥and kills all your guys.  Fun overwall, worth the $8."
,Recommended,224500,8613607,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,MiningAdam,"Still early into this game, followed a guide in the steam community forums.  Enjoyable so far, and feels rather complete for an early access game.  Nice take on fortress games, with a classic look.  Definitely reccomended!"
,Recommended,224500,8618048,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,TheBlueMonk,"I like this game a lot. Quite a bit like dwarf fortress, but actually playable. The graphics alone are amazing, but the fact that when you build an item, all the shops involed queue the required components.Would like some more advanced mechanics, greater number of minerals/foods/gems, noble gnomes."
,Recommended,224500,8620214,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Greyvaris,"Really enjoyable. Dwarf Fortress-like, but with graphics. There is a learning curve, but there are loads of youtube vids to help."
,Recommended,224500,8621913,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Indestructoboy,"I recommend this game based on the fun I have with it now - not in the beginning.At first Gnomoria felt not even broken, more like intentionally infuriating. The User Interface is clunky and feels way outdated and this gameDESPERATELY NEEDS A TUTORIAL!When you start off not knowing what ""Designating Area"" does for you and you just assign gnomes to do tasks in a complicated menu, you'll find yourself just angry that tasks are taking so long and building seems impossible.Pre-Requisite workshops that build only one item are sort of a time waste. The only one of these that felt like it actually helped was the Sawmill. It took me several hours to realize what lead to what and I spent more time on Google than I did in game. Here's where I think Tooltips would help. Some sort of Hover-over text for the different workshops would be amazing and save tons of frustration.After doing the research, assigning positions, and learning the sort of ""Tech Tree"" of Gnomoria I have had tons of fun. Battles are rewarding, builds feel interesting, and this game sits in an interesting medium between The Sims, Farmville, and MineCraft. I have a weakspot for Isometric art and I love the sprite work for the game. I have fun now that I know what I'm doing but learning to do so was one of the worst times I've had as a hard core gamer."
76561198090933883,Recommended,224500,8625654,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,BROTHER,"I grabbed this game off the Winter sale, and already love it. So far I've had gnomes beat goblins with chopped off limbs, yaks kicking goblins in the face, and gnomes that've died due to my incompetency (approaching 100 now). Something nice about this game is that it's only as complex as you want it to be (to a point). You can read play-by-plays of fights your gnomes are in, have dedicated jobs, or just a bunch of ""jack of all trades"". It's been a game I enjoyed losing in, without being difficult and not having ♥♥♥♥♥♥ graphics (Dwarf Fortress) or terrible/unwieldly controls (Dark Souls without a gamepad) while still being fun in a Civilization+Minecraft kind of way.I recommend this game to anyone looking to have some Minecraft ""Steves"" to boss around while still having an interesting learning curve and progression. The interface is easy to use, although multiple windows for assinging or changing jobs would be nice. The enemies are as difficult as you make them with the ability to change the frequency and strength of attacks or preventing them from managing your kingdom's worth. Battles are interesting, with smart enemies attacking areas where your gnomes aren't armored and wildlife doing great amounts of damage. It's a good game."
,Recommended,224500,8626577,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Steel Knight,"So far it seems very much like towns (though I believe it came first) with all the same issues: fiddly controls, lack of tutorial beyond reading blocks of text in the help menu, confusing (mis)use of perspective meaning you'll inevitable balls it up and cut a layer off a mountain while two of your gnomes are on top of it, leaving them stranded, in there there's some deep management and fun, but it's stupidly unfriendly to get into."
76561197983937225,Recommended,224500,8629488,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,JunnuW,"Nice base building micro management game. tho, atm gnomes are really stupid... or me dunno xD but they dont like building stuff. really hard to get them to do what you want so that is annoing. so better AI would help. But still really fun game to play =)"
76561198032453557,Recommended,224500,8637743,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Burnt Toast,Good game had to get use to but once you trully know how to play. I must say for those who have played Towns you are getting alot more with Gnomoria then Towns
76561197997210916,Recommended,224500,8664023,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,tregonsee,"This is essentially a (greatly reduced) Dwarf Fortress simplified and with a more accessible visual front end. Dwarf Fortress had TOO many choices and far too much chance for way too much ""fun"" (Dying is Fun!) early in the game. Lately on newer versions of DF I was hard pressed to survive the first year as more and more opponents were added. Gnomoria is a similar experience with a little more positive feedback. It's stll not an easy game and currently you'd better hit the Gmnomoria wiki if you want your gnomes not to have too much ""fun"". Even then if you attract nasty things you'll be having ""fun"" aplenty...Hopefully this will get extended and finally completed."
,Recommended,224500,8680390,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Mysfyt,"I love Dwarf Fortress, but it can be overwhelming, especially if you've gotten away from it for a while. This game, while not quite as complex, scratches that same itch for me. The interface is simple and easy to navigate. The graphics, despite being basic and lacking animations, are still aesthetically pleasing and effective. Even the background music (especially the orchestral version selectable from Options), is nice, although a few more tracks would be welcome. There are many little details to appreciate, like how crafted items are colored to reflect the specific materials from which they were made. It's very well-paced: the more prosperous your little civilization becomes, the greater the dangers it attracts.The developer has been posting nearly weekly updates to the game for as long as I've been playing, which has me returning to this game more frequently than nearly any other game in my library. I'm always looking forward to what each new patch brings!If you've never played this type of game before, you should know that rather than issue direct orders, you designate projects and jobs for your gnomes. Because it's more about indirect management, planning, and efficiency, it can be very satisfying to carve out your own little gnomish citadel and watch it run like a well-organized clockwork ant farm... at least until the mants show up!"
,Recommended,224500,8684581,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,SnoogleBunny,Gnomes10/10
,Recommended,224500,8689668,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,mutasionisis,This game ownnns
,Recommended,224500,8694876,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,TwoBit,"I bought this game about a year ago, and of the 5 or 6 ''Early Access'' and kickstarter games i bought, this is one that has given me the quickest return on investment, and is one of the very few I would buy again."
76561198064803756,Recommended,224500,8697571,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,AtlasForge,"If you enjoy building a kingdom from nothing, beating up the baddies, digging for rare metals, increasing your wealth and fame, then this game is for you! This is a great sandbox kingodom creating game for those who love to build the most oppulent, most well-defended, or just thdoms!e bare minimum king"
,Recommended,224500,8701472,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,✪Frexie✪,"This game is kinda hard to grasp, but when you do the game is amazing. I bought the game and my first thought was, ""what the hell is this?"" But after watching a tutorial or two on youtube i kinda started grasping it and thats when the game grasped me. I litterally cannot stop playing it. This game is amazing!"
76561198004723368,Recommended,224500,8702768,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Blue,"Great game especially for sandbox strategy fans. It has a little steep learning curve but do not get discouraged, when you learn you will not regret.Even if the game is not finished it is quite polished and new updates are comming regularly.I definitely suggest."
,Recommended,224500,8703388,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Makadon,"A more accessible, less hardcore Dwarf Fortress. A nice change from the real deal, occasionally."
,Recommended,224500,8705533,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Feadern,"Seriously one of the best Sim(RPG too?) games I've played.If you are all hell-bent on graphics, this won't be for you (due to the pixelated nature) but if you want a very good Sim/RPG with very deep crafting element and deep combat element. This game is for you!10/10Also, you can choose between 8-bit music or newer music. Depending on your flavour!"
,Recommended,224500,8713712,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Norfgarb,"This game is quite simply great. Easy to use interface makes this an excellent game for people who are sick of dwarf fortress or simply found it intimidating or hard to learn. Don't be fooled by it's early access status either, unlike most early access games this is update regularly and has a large number of implemented features, you wouldn't even think it was missing any until an update comes by and adds even more great stuff to the game."
,Recommended,224500,69934,"Posted: 25 July, 2013",all,CarlCX,"no more, yeahDO YOU GET IT"
76561198003607461,Recommended,224500,11064589,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,[MCG] Merrik Blackwater,"Developers are active, so updates are often. Gameplay is a little complex but still feels like a dumbed down version of dwarf fortress. Environment is unforgiving and it is satisfying when a Gnome survives. All in all a 7/10. Dwarf Fortress is still a better game with better design imo."
,Recommended,224500,410766,"Posted: 14 April, 2013",all,Ell,Good game. Well worth a shot. Learning curves a ♥♥♥♥♥ though!
76561198005437127,Recommended,224500,11070798,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,OlGrampa,like dwarf fortress but graphic
76561198038181603,Recommended,224500,10973756,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,TrilliumSG,I love this game! I have been playing every chance I get. I did have to turn off the music though lol
76561198119634423,Recommended,224500,10976129,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Infestedsole,It is a very good game right now but there military is very bad only one person survived a honey badger attack but when fighting a goblin only one person dies?
76561197996050984,Recommended,224500,11240335,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Keggers360,"This is an awsome city building game. Robo-Bob is still regularly making updates, but is already fun to play at this point."
,Recommended,224500,11250904,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,punishmentsmth,"Gnomoria is a town building game that involves moderately sophisticated combat. By ""town building game"", I mean the game features a economic model where industries of tools and products to sustain your workers, keeping them healthy and happy, and equip them for work and battle. In this sense it's similar to games such as Caesar.It also features digging, which is similar to Dungeon keeper exepct that 1) goblins invade instead of human heroes 2) instead of many flat dungeons on many different maps, you focus on building one dungeon that can span ~200 levels.The combat is moderately sophisticated because you control the production of equipments and roles of your soldiers but not directly moving them to battle. You are allowed to say ""charge"" or ""fly"", but that's about it. Your gnomes level, but without a skill tree you do not micro-manage them.In it's current status (0.9.13, July/15/2014), the game is sufficiently sophisticated, although no way as sophisticated as Dwarf Fortress. It's a nice ""tutorial mode"" if you plan to eventually move onto Dwarf Fortress.The game definitely worth it at below $10, a steal if below $5."
,Recommended,224500,11229032,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Noyoki,Fun game.
,Recommended,224500,12001003,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Ethics Gradient,"Gnomoria is pretty much ""Dwarf Fortress: fortress mode, the good bits, with a better UI"".  The simulation isn't as insanely detailed as DF, and doesn't have the adventure mode or ""simulate-an-entire-world"" bits that DF does, but in place of that you get something with good graphics and a *vastly* more consistent UI (mouse driven, keys always do the same thing regardless of which submenu you're in).  It's a lot easier to get into than DF (though still has one hell of a learning curve), and every bit as much fun.There are some things that could be better: frame-rate suffers with larger settlements with lots of entities (although not as badly as in DF); the 'technology tree' is sort of incomprehensible without a guide; and the end-game can definitely get a bit stale.  It also doesn't really exhibit quite the same level of hilarious batshit lunacy that DF can sometimes generate (though it definitely has its moment), and lacks some of DF's ugly-kitten charm.All that said, if you liked DF Fortress Mode back in the 2d/early 3d days when it was more game and less simulation, didn't really like the direction it took after that, and always hated the lack of graphics and baffling UI decisions, then this is definitely worth a try."
,Recommended,224500,12004715,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Sudonym,"Ever heard of Dwarf Fortress? No? Well, you have now! If you know about Dwarf Fortress, imagine DF with graphics and a GUI. Yeah, it's that awesome.Gnomoriais kind of a cross between a survival game, Minecraft, and a fortress building game. You get thrown into this huge world (however big you want it to be) and get a bunch of gnomes to order around. The thing is though, you don't really order them around, you just give them tasks that they'll do on their own time, but you can tell them what they should prioritize. It's like an RTS game where the units are all kinda rebellious but are smarter. It's a lot of fun if you love managing the logistics of operations - if you love ""this goes here, that goes there, these things will turn that into this"", this is a great game for you."
,Recommended,224500,6698292,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,ПОДМОСТ,"Dwarf Fortress, but with blackjack and hookers..."
76561198100961536,Recommended,224500,12067142,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,The RednecK,This game is kinda confusin at first because there is not a turorial that I know of so you should probably watch a youtube video or something. Other than that I love this game and if yoiu like games like craft the world and other titles you will most likely love this one as well.
76561197971698100,Recommended,224500,12158709,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,jjextreme,"Addictive Gameplay with plenty of new ways to play the same game, each mode or type of dificulty can allow you to be peacefull or any variation on hostilities allowing the game to play out different each time. The worlds are customizeable as well as just letting the game create a random world."
76561198028151032,Recommended,224500,11993380,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,Nycto,"I've never played Dwarf fortress, but I have played minecraft. There have been times when I wished to have minions to mine or build for me. Or people to live in the cities I make. This fells exactly like what I wanted."
,Recommended,224500,4842426,"Posted: 16 June, 2013",all,Breaker,A very fun Dwarf Fortress like game. Build your kingdom and survive. It can be difficult at times because of how gnomes are but it brings endless fun. It's very addicting.
,Recommended,224500,11981183,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Hoxon,I love this game but the AI could be stronger. I have been beaten so many times when the stupid Gnomes with no or little armor runs into battle even if the seeting is not to fight. Besides that the rest is fantastic.I love the fact that the game is fun even after playing 20+ hours. New challenges all the time and it is hard to predict how to expand the Kingdom without risking gnome lifes. ;)Lets hope the developers get the love they need to continue the devleopment. I give the game a strong 8/10 -score.
,Recommended,224500,12017787,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,jmont,"This is the VIm (text editor) of games. Hard to master, but really worth it.One of my favourite games!11/10"
76561197993213107,Recommended,224500,12117657,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Blailus,"This is very akin to Dwarf Fortress, without the crazy interface issues. It's no where near as detailed... yet. But at the rate things are being added it definitely seems like it could get there!"
,Recommended,224500,12105470,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Garfunkel Kuntslinger,"A Great Game!  There is plenty of content and lots to discover.  I have over 240+ hours and there is still more to do!  There is a very active community and if you need help just ask and you will most likely get it.  The game already has an incredible amount of content and its still in early access, and on top of that there is much more RoboBOb (the developer) Plans to add, like magic! (Don’t believe, me just scroll down to the LINKS section and click on the Roadmap link)Now be warned, this is a micro management village sandbox game, or you might call it, a city builder, so if you don't like that style of game then this is not the game for you!If you want to see what I’ve done you can find that in the LINKS section!Also, for those of you who are looking at the update page and are detoured from getting the game because it seems updates for this game have halted, it is because RoboBOb has opened up a Beta Branch.  A page on how to opt-in to that can be found it the LINKS section.Now to help ease one into the game without to many fallen kingdoms, I would recommend doing some research on the gameplay (in other words, READ SOME GUIDES).  Again, check the LINKS section for infoI mentioned a links section (like 20 times), so here it is!LINKS:Site:http://gnomoria.com/Forums:http://forums.gnomoria.com/index.phpHelp:http://forums.gnomoria.com/index.php?board=4.0Roadmap:http://gnomoria.com/developer-plan/My Kingdom:http://steamcommunity.com/profiles/76561198087981854/screenshots/#scrollTop=0How to Opt-In to Beta Branchhttp://forums.gnomoria.com/index.php?topic=6976.0Guides:http://steamcommunity.com/app/224500/#scrollTop=0http://forums.gnomoria.com/index.php?board=4.0Gnomoria is simply a marvelous game, and I love it.  So what are you waiting for?  Go and get it!~Rchpweblo"
,Recommended,224500,11950061,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,rubydoe,"If you love a good city builder, this game is a must!"
,Recommended,224500,21953791,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Shade,"I used this as an entrance to dwarf fortress. so when you get bored of it just play that and better yet D.F. is free,but the overall this game is awesome and it chose good roots to derive from."
76561198024156674,Recommended,224500,21872656,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Mac,"Awesome game. It has a bit of a learning curve since there is no tutorial, which, to be honest, I love. You have to figure things out on your own which immerses you more in the game. It is addicting. The only issue are the load times, which is to be expected since it generates a new and unique map every time"
76561198129940400,Recommended,224500,21947982,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Boot,"Im really used to hate this game, until it came out fully! First I got this game for free, and now its one of my favorite games! It has great music, and so much exploration!"
76561197971986943,Recommended,224500,21896235,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,p01550n,"Despite its annoying imperfections this game keeps me coming back again and again to manage the life of a handful of gnomes. Bought this game 8€ when it was in developpement, play time tells about cost/value ratio"
,Recommended,224500,22014556,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Durbinshire,"A little complicated at first, but once you get the hang of it it's actually a pretty fun game. Nice job on it Devs9/10"
76561198271929433,Recommended,224500,22015273,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,xxxshadow72,"Hello i disliked this game the moment i turned it on it seemed cluttered and sence i was a ""noob"" then it seemed pointless i didint want to look up video turiouls because theyed ruin the game but as i kept at it it got a lot more enjoable this game does last a long time and the mobs are annoying and dont get me started on the resoures it testes the basics very well sence i havnt got on to the more advanced stage yet im not sure how this will turn out DO NOT buy this game if u not good at organising or else thats 15 quid down the drain."
76561198056603083,Recommended,224500,5982658,"Posted: 1 September, 2013",all,camwest26,Really really fun. Very relaxing. Sort of like having a digital ant nest. Until goblins show up *grumble*. (The goblins are the anoying cat that eats all of your virtual ants)
,Recommended,224500,9109221,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,GabenIsFat,"One of the few early access titles i have bought and been happy with. Unlike so many of the other early access games, Gnomoria actually is updated and fixed reguraly, and if I am not mistaken, it is on V0.9.7 or something like that, which means it is actually soon to be released as a full game.When I bought this game, I had no idea what I had gotten myself into. I had never before played DF or Towns or any similar game, so this was an experience I had never known before. But now I can say this is one of my favorite games, and has sparked my interest in similar games.Keep up the good work Devs."
,Recommended,224500,15849132,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,That Quiet Bear,"Having had this game for a while, and having put in currently over 100 hours I can say this is one of my all time favorites. If you're on the fence about buying it, why not go to the Gnomoria website and try the demo first? Of course there's going to be a few bugs along the way, it's still in development.Feb 7th edit; Game's on sale for ~5$CAD, Definetly worth it. And the negative reviews saying it's been abandoned obviously haven't been checking the forums or community posts, the stable branch updates are a bit distanced apart however there's an indev branch which gets more frequent updates, so no this game is not abandoned, it's very much alive."
76561198042394693,Recommended,224500,4842802,"Posted: 13 April, 2013",all,Paulcheeba,"I fully recommend this game. It has a steep learning curve to it but once you get the basics down, your little gnome village with thrive and come alive before your eyes... until the mant invasion arrives, then you get to enjoy watching your hard working gnomes perish via dimemberment, bleeding out and general destructive mayhem. I suggest doing your research, learning from others mistakes and guides and having fun with this great little game. Oh and build an army, because you will need one."
76561197975276342,Recommended,224500,681094,"Posted: 21 April, 2013",all,Netedge,Balam
76561198076428547,Recommended,224500,7796821,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Shadow Fox,"This is a fantastic game, and I cannot recommend it enough to anyone who loves civilization/building games.""Once a young gnome named Jest wandered the countryside gathering berries when she was accosted by a very angry badger.  She tried to flee, but the badger caught up with her and cornered her.  With nowhere left to run she turned upon her badger attacker and launched a full attack punching, biting and kicking.  Finally little berry-picking Jest ripped the badgers throat out with her teeth and it died in a bloody mess.  Then Jest picked up her basket and quickly went back to work leaving a trail of blood in her wake.  Later that day she feasted upon Badger Sausages-- it was a good day.""10/10.Edit: Even better now that it's out of beta!"
,Recommended,224500,3093541,"Posted: 20 May, 2013",all,M0rr1s0n,"Dwarf Fortress with actual not-that-bad graphics! Not as deep as DF yet, but is constantly updated."
76561198122726608,Recommended,224500,16235838,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,TheBusDriver,The best game I ever played. Been supporting it for several years and still enjou the game. The highestreplay value of any game I've ever played.
76561198049080915,Recommended,224500,9143601,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Eviltwinky,"Update 6/25/2016Seeing lots of negative reviews. It seems any time a dev releases a game people instantly scream ""it's abandon"" Its not abandon, its a very complete game, its a fun game. Knock it off people.Great game, Lots of fun to play. see your gnomes continue to work with missing legs/arms/eyes. The bleeding and limb system really makes the result of combat fun to see. It is also fun to develop your craftsmen and see the quality of their work improve over time."
,Recommended,224500,1452283,"Posted: 16 June, 2013",all,Quetzalcoatl,Dwarf Fortress for humans.
76561198057812873,Recommended,224500,10105006,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Jacques,"Gnomoria is a fun game, as soon as you get the hang of it it becomes a thrill. Just a bit hard to get started. A tutorial on basics would be useful though. But in general its a really good fun game, and not to mention creative."
,Recommended,224500,5153040,"Posted: 9 August, 2013",all,Gondra,Great game worth every penny.  Surprisingly deep customization and game mechanics.
76561197962904308,Recommended,224500,10184834,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,Peekaf,Very confusing but really cool to see that the devs are still working on this game. I don't have time to play this game but when I did I had no idea what was going on. I still wanted to figure out the controls never really got to it but I think the game is still worth what I paid it looks amazing to me.
76561198063358168,Recommended,224500,7781659,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,_Lich,"LIke the game, awesome soundtrack and such. only problem I have is with the lack of tutorial which has lead to my gnomes living out of a hole in a small valley, although that ones probably due more to my ignorance than the game itself."
76561197970662135,Recommended,224500,7800155,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,StfuBeans,"Dwarf Fortress with a UI that's not out to get you killed.Albeit, it's a tad easier than Dwarf Fortress, it's still enough of a challenge to keep you interested.  It doesn't hurt that it's not an ugly game."
76561198052022102,Recommended,224500,7808955,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Voidlord,"hmmm a review for Gnomoria...HOW ABOUT AWESOME!! Incredibly addictive good fun, and a decent challenge, especially if your trying to find bloody tin to craft bronze at the start"
,Recommended,224500,7883951,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,[SVK]kelko585,"This game has one of the best retro sipits in it, really much potential"
,Recommended,224500,7907786,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,SquareSquareEverywhere,MANTS BEETLES GNOMESFUKC.
76561197984736579,Recommended,224500,7912400,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Dekarflamon,"What has been released so far has been quite enjoyable, even though this is an early access game. The developers of Gnomoria have been consistently updating and improving at regular intervals. Overall this is shaping up to be a very fun game."
,Recommended,224500,10106078,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Alex,Absolutely recomended!
76561197978690221,Recommended,224500,10107177,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,Flaming Hyperactive Battletrout,"Really fun game, a must if you like Dwarf Fortress.Pros:A lot like Dwarf Fortress, but with a more intuitive UI.Cons:More of a DF Lite, the UI and isometric view makes it easier to visualize but it lacks many of the more advanced features.Anyway, I look forward to seeing how this game develops further!"
76561197996823631,Recommended,224500,10119720,"Posted: 15 May, 2014",all,spiz816,"This is a game that has gone incredibly far from where it started. I've owned it for some time now and will gladly say this is an Early Access producer doing what Early Access was meant for, you will see a substantial upgrade in the game mechanics 1-2x per month and as I said, you WILL see the difference within a few months from where you start. I have killed more time than I can imagine with this game and would gladly again."
76561197970179466,Recommended,224500,10110406,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Dodge_This,"Pros:+ Lot of replay value.+ Wide variety of in-game mechanics.+ Lots to craft.+ Isometric art style/layout.+ Random generated maps, with seed option.+ Can be fun building an entire kingdom.Cons:- No control over gnomes. You can setup duties/priorities and hope for best. Frustrating at times     when you want the gnomes to do certain job at certain time.- If you do not have your military geared up by set amount of time they will keep on dying.- Lots and lots of waiting for getting things done or made, even with 2x fast forward- No animation might be a turn off for some seeing the entire character just bounce from grid to grid- Very easy to short-circuit the gnomes priorities and slow down everything as in building and crafting stuff.- Hauling is painful.Verdict:Definately  one for your steam collection, fun game and still early access."
,Recommended,224500,10113535,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,"Hugh ""Dust Devil"" Douglas","Amazing game, even at early access. Only one thing i have to complain about is the lack of a tutorial. I remember when i got this game on christmas eve, i had no idea what i was doing. My gnomes would die within the first couple days because i had no idea how to get food or build. Overall it is a well made game.9.5/10"
,Recommended,224500,10150390,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Inetman,With a whole lot of possibilities and active developing but without learning curve this sandbox game is very close to be called a graphical version of Dwarf Fortress.
,Recommended,224500,8850825,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Kabbin,"This is one of the most magnificent games I have ever set my eyes upon. I've got far more than my money's worth of both laughs (Wilfred the Bear), angry growls (Wilfred the Bear of Beheading) and overall excitement (Wilfred the Bear of Beheading Corpse). I've only played for a few hours but I know this is a game I will drain hundreds of hours into.If you enjoy Dwarf Fortress at all, you need to atleast play the demo of this game.If you didn't enjoy Dwarf Fortress or never cared to play it, you need to atleast play the demo of this game.This is a masterpiece that is still being ever so gently ground away, hopefully soon to become a complete piece of perfection and, believe me, for fans of the genre, it's very close."
76561197960538501,Recommended,224500,8864427,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Sargas,"Having a great time building my glorious gnome kingdom.  I always thought Dwarf fortress was interesting but was turned off by the ASCii graphics. Now 2D sprites I can deal with, the give the game a certain charm.  You can also build some cool looking castles with some patience."
,Recommended,224500,8884776,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,edetchi,"Gnomoria is basically Dwarf Fortress Lite.  This is not a bad thing.  It sacrifices some of the depth of Dwarf Fortress in order to bring you a working UI and graphics, while still capturing the essence of it.  You start with a handfull of gnomes, a seasons worth of suplies, two beasts of burdon, and a full year to entrench yourself before winter rolls in and everything stops growing.  Build great big fortresses, labarynths of tunnels, great big absurd structures that server no purpose at all, or whatever the heck you feel like.  The only real down side I can say for it is that it doesn't have an Adventure mode, allowing you to take a single Gnome out into the world and forge his tale.If you've ever wanted to play Dwarf Fortress but were intimidated by the esoteric controls, or difficult to comprehend visuals, Gnomoria's got you covered.If you've played Dwarf Fortress but found it too intense or complicated, but still want to play something like it, Gnomoria's got you covered.If you're a Dwarf Fortress veteran who wants a break from the sheer difficulty of Dwarf Fortress, but still wants to play Dwarf Fortress, Gnomoria's got you covered."
76561198115111246,Recommended,224500,8896469,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Buchs08,I love this game. if you don't mind a relativly steep learning curve and figuring out details on your own i would HIGHLY recommend this game. what else are you going to spend $8 on? food?
76561197972255373,Recommended,224500,8899487,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,lurker 42193,"Dig deep, my minionsPlenty of goblins to eatYak-powered crushers"
,Recommended,224500,8899602,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Stim The One,"I have been with this game for a long time. How long? I don't know. Must have been a year, or even two years ago when I found it on the internet. No idea if I was looking for a Dwarf Fortress-like game or a good indie game, but I found Gnomoria, still in development. It was easy to pick up on the gameplay, rather simpistic at the time, with turning logs and stone into workshops, only to use blocks and planks for the next, with little processing in-between.I watched the site daily, to know if there's a new update, which I could usually download off a russian site which isn't that bad, now that I bought it (Heck, I would have payed double for it). After leading about 30 kingdoms into ruin or abandoning due to imminent ruin I eventually picked up the pace and led much more succesful kingdoms.Now I don't want to compare this game to Dwarf Fortress, even if it is very similar, while inferior in complexity but superior in graphics and controls, it's a good first step to the future Fortress master.So many updates, one step at a time the game grew to be from mildly good to pretty damned good, and I am feeling rather proud to be part of it's community."
,Recommended,224500,8900362,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,bari,"Very addicting, very fun."
,Recommended,224500,10767714,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,LizardWizard,I love this game. A simplified Dwarf Fortress that still manages to require planning and forethought. Lots of fun but easy enough to learn. Very challenging however. You should be ready to put in at least 10 hours before getting a true taste of the gameplay.
76561198028233672,Recommended,224500,10769433,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Astrea,"Great support, new stuff all the time, makes time magically dissapear."
76561198108413439,Recommended,224500,10836155,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,google5964,this is a great game for those who enjoy sandbox builders where you can control your community. love playing it and im able to put hours into it easily im sure many others can find joy in this game too.
,Recommended,224500,10837227,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Torus,Ogres are OP.
,Recommended,224500,10692245,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Goriosity,"The best way I know to describe Gnomoria is to say that it's a simplified version of Dwarf Fortress that's much more easily accessed. The learning curve is a little steep, but completely worth it if you enjoy simulation/management games."
,Recommended,224500,10694275,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Action Frank (Extra Life),Rough around the edges but an enjoyable sim. The interface is not great but it's better than Towns and probably not as complex as Dwarf Fortress. Every time I start up a game I play non-stop until everything falls apart. Lots of bug fixes and feature updates from the guy developing the game.Worth checking out if you like fantasy simulation games and have a lot of patience.
,Recommended,224500,10696525,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Notething,"You control a small colony of 8 starting Gnomes. You help these Gnomes build their Kingdom up (or down really) and become better and worth more. Be careful, though, because as you Kingdom Grows, so does your Worth, and so does the Golbins interest in you. Watch where you dig, because you may uncover some nasty creatures lurking in the dark.Similar in taste to games like Dwarf Fortress, this game makes every death hurt."
76561198070438650,Recommended,224500,10821685,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,4nub15,"Took me a long time to learn the ins and outs of this game, about 10 hours before I started getting the hang of it and actually got a production line going. There were lots of glitches in earlyer versions that made the game super frustrating and hard to stick with. I think a tutorial world would have made this game a much more fun experence for me. There is a good engine here, would like to see it aplied to a different paced game."
,Recommended,224500,8967382,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,chase,that game is good when i frist play it i dint know what i was doing so i just quit and then about a month later i play it started all over and found out i was easy  so the game is a good game
,Recommended,224500,8976029,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,SniperwolfHD,Very adicting. Every patch makes you want to creat a new kingdom and try every new feature.
,Recommended,224500,17099032,"Posted: 17 July, 2015",all,Keat,"This game is a Dwarf Fortress clone but without the feeling you're reading the matrix. That being said it is much less complex than DF, but the learning curve is still massive. Detailed event logs and names give the game some nice immersion; I was crushed when one of my soldiers died to a lucky blow from an ogre.Non-peaceful games can easily last 60+ hours, all of which feeling like you're rushing agaisnt the clock to arm your gnomes before the next raid. It took me (and from what I hear most people) at least a couple 5-hour games that end with a massacre to grasp the mechanics and strategies necessary to survive. The various hostiles you encounter scale nicely to your progress, making sure you never really feel like you can relax.Updates are pretty regular (Monthly until recently, now it's unscheduled big updates). Modding community is pretty active and mod support is coming.Cons:- The AI is extremely frustrating until you understand how to priotize things. There is no ""do this now"" button.- I've read that games that go on for 8+ years (100+ hours) can become unplayable because of low FPS."
76561198055180485,Recommended,224500,16960126,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,piekymon,wat is dis i ned to lrn
,Recommended,224500,16934720,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,{SLURP}Legion,"good game, but it would be helpful if it had an interactive tutorial along with the instructions."
,Recommended,224500,17292564,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Twitch.tv/ZeeWhiteWolf,"Charming little pixel game...shame I suck at it though, it has a in depth survival system with you trying to keep little guys from dying and tests your mind with how able you are to keep on top of a economy while being invaded :o"
76561198047720405,Recommended,224500,18013219,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,orrk,"To talk about this game corectly you need to be in a VERY dwarfy mind set, remember LOSING IS FUN and you will do that quite a bit. mainly because you can not actualy ""win"". compared to Dwarf Fortress this game has a simpler UI and is all round simpler to understand because it is not as complex.to put it in short, this is most likely the best example of a My First Fort game, primeing anyone for the Real deal."
,Recommended,224500,17939059,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,shad,"Amazing game.Support for linux is perfect.Apart from a few crashes here and there, specifically when trying to load big saved fortress, it's quite stable (and after 2-3 try, always end up loading properly).It doesn't have the content of Dwarf Fortress (and will probably never), but there's already more than enough to have quite a lot of fun. Plus, the support for mods will permit to grow the possibilities."
76561198045998501,Recommended,224500,17981049,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,FIghostRE,"If you enjoy micro-managing, you will prob. enjoy this game. You start out with a handful of gnomes, who you can order to build. After a few days(ingame) you will come under attack and must defend yourself using tools and weapons you order crafted. As time goes by, you will be able to build new things, trade, mine, farm, and build your kingdom higher up.I recommend this game at 4/5 in it's current state, however, as an Alpha game, it is much better then some of the games that have been released.Pro-Stockpile moving and sortingCustom priority systemEasy controlsResearching attributeDay/night cyclesA large amount of contentCons-Some enemies can really be a pain early on, specially if your gnome chooses not to listen.Enemy spawning can be a bit glitched. (3-5 skeletons/zombies spawning in a single spot of darkness, the only spot missed by the torches."
,Recommended,224500,17509308,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Brother Sven,"I like this game, it is fun and quite addicting once you figure out what to do, what I do NOT like is the fact that gnomes will often be idle despite having abundant jobs available. But since this is an early access game, this will probably be fixed soon. All in all, this game is fun and enjoyable, even if you do wonder why a lizard takes a day and a half of in game time to beat to death."
,Recommended,224500,17923496,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,Joseph,"Starts out good, but gets pretty slow. Make sure you have something else to do while waiting for something to happen. That said, its a SUPER addictive game. If you like city builders and want a challange this is the game for you!PS. Zombies suck."
,Recommended,224500,17934933,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,MrWhiteWulf,"Good game, still needs alot of work but great"
,Recommended,224500,18049835,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Bybloss,"While it still has bugs , this is a very great single player game to own . It contains micromanaging of a small village that you are to turn into a flourishing city . Similar to Dwarf Fortress . 8/10"
,Recommended,224500,18271127,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Melkor,"The game still needs some bug fixing but I've gotten way more than my moneys worth out of it already.  Very fun game where you settle a group of gnomes and build a settlement so they can survive.Between starvation, goblins, zombies and other critters that survival is not guaranteed but even losing can be entertaining in this game.  Easy to play but a little harder to master this is definitely worth the money and is still being updated with more content."
76561198102060151,Recommended,224500,18152106,"Posted: 22 September, 2015",all,SirWeeble,"Amazing game. This game is essentially Dwarf Fortress with graphics - for those who have played it. It is missing some of the unnecessecary details of Dwarf Fortress, but most omissions are wisely selected. Even though the game is in ""beta"", It seems complete enough to me. Hopefully updates will bring in some of the omissions."
,Recommended,224500,17780480,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Legend dolby,the game is awesome but very hard and now the game always crashes at a certain point which stops me from playing it with all the updates this still isnt fixed i dont know if its just my p.c but buy this game anyway its awesome but take the time to learn it properly
,Recommended,224500,17638622,"Posted: 20 August, 2015",all,I SMOKE DANK BONKS,"i made a sandwich,took some benadryl, my friend broke his finger and put it back in place with an elastic band, and i drooled on my self,and changed this reveiw 4 time, and still generating this worldplease make this game multiplayer so you and your freinds can build a base together"
76561198041224830,Recommended,224500,17669056,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,isabirch,A good introduction to Dwarf Fortress.
76561198010514219,Recommended,224500,17663583,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,= Mike =,Would be nice with some sort of build-order regarding the workshops.Nice game i like it
,Recommended,224500,17664751,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Jϕk∈r,"This game is super fun and addicting, but, only IF you like the type of genre that this is. If you liked Towns, or Dwarf Fortress, or anything similar to those, you will enjoy this. It's a bit difficult to figure out, but once you do learn all the mechanics, and know what to do, you will spend hours building your small group of gnomes into a thriving kingdom."
76561198096304834,Recommended,224500,17027455,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,Deathrides44,Amazing game! One of my favourites to play!
76561198005216657,Recommended,224500,17327491,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,camroidv27,"This is an excellent Dwarf Fortress-like game (more like DF-lite), urging you to keep your gnomes alive through asigning them jobs and tasks.  A definite tech tree, combat simulation, and mechanics make this game compelling to keep playing.  Graphics and sounds may look and sound simple, but the depth of the game is considerably higher than its face value.For those who like to create structures, temples, and self sustaining villages, this one is for you!(Did you like Sim City 2000, Dwarf Fortress, Banished, Age of Empires, Rimworld? Add this to your list!)Also, many plus points to the developer for making this game LINUX compatable... feels like this game's true home!"
,Recommended,224500,17646589,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,oof,"After having played this for a couple of hours I have to admit that it's much more accessable than Dwarf Fortress, however organizing the gnomes and getting them to listen was difficult at times, lacking in help as to how to get them to listen...Other than the hiccups that most gamers have with a game as such, lacking in a tutorial, and lacking an in depth guide, this game is pretty damn great. Theres clearly depth to it, and I've barely skid the surface of what I can do in the three hours I've logged into it."
,Recommended,224500,17682942,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,SuperDerpinHerpin,"200+ hours, no regrets.You will make mistakes and you will be punished for those mistakes. Sometimes, you won't realize you've made a mistake until it's too late, and all your gnomes are dead. Other times, you get lucky and can recover before all is lost.Read some guides."
76561197973037073,Recommended,224500,17683574,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,ARXON,"Fun game that takes some time to learnVisuals: 2d retro style, and animations are non-existance. Common, add animiations!Sound: There are two options for music. Retro style which is meh, and orchestral which is amazing.Strategic Gameplay: Steep learning curve to get things started, but once you do it becomes more fun. Its all about making sure your supply chains are running properly and just about everything can be done via left clicking. Lots of customization options to make your own base. It is a really enjoyable game, even in early access its worth a buy. I just wish things were faster. Even speeding the game to the fastest speed it feels slow.Combat: Combat is very alouf and slow feeling. It doesn't ruin the game though.Overall: If you like supply chain or economic type games where you can build your own little civilization pick this up.8/10"
76561198030116108,Recommended,224500,17180909,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,Chomoc,I have always been a fan of city builders that focus on the citizens and this is the best one that I have played to date. The art is delightful and the game for being early access has a ton of content.
76561198055738189,Recommended,224500,17065728,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,Pavel Tsvetkov,"A real jewel of Early Access. Watching this game since it was published on Desura. Quite a good clone of Dwarf Fortress, not so deep, but still deep enough."
,Recommended,224500,17193099,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Sir,"Gnomoria just released a Linux port and it even runs well on my Chromebook with Crouton!It's an absolutely fantastic game with solid depth and endless hours of possible playthrough. There is also a bit of a modding community, but it's less pronounced than games like RimWorld. Honestly, I've never once regretted my decision to purchase Gnomoria. Of the ~20 hours I've played it so far, it's been a blast. I'm not a huge roguelike fan but this game isn't as roguelike as others like Delver. If you play carefully and backup your save file regularly, you can get away with playing it as though it's not roguelike. The graphics are great imo and the music is fantastic. Buy it, buy it, buy it!"
,Recommended,224500,17389455,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,(Tk) Twisted Kakiro,"I did enjoy this game very much for awhile, then i started mining... This part was rather clunky  in my opinion and i kept having my miners trapped in holes they had dug themselves. While fun and even while dealing with the challenges of trying to clear underground area's with multiple levels for habitation the game is lacking in the controls for overview.I tried and tried to get it to work for me i'm not sure if it was my own clumsy fingers or if it was the fact i just couldn't get ramps, stairs and such to work correctly. If i can figure out how to turn things around... the camera and such then i might try to play more often.It's a fun game and while i have issues with it I would recommend it for anyone looking for a village simulator."
,Recommended,224500,17389890,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,Utsu,"Its amazing fun to get attached to your Gnomes, keep them alive, and slowly develop whatever crazy architectural wonders come to mind. Cons? Very addictive timesink, can totally disrupt your life. But that's sort of a good thing for a game? And when you think the development is slowing down the dev comes up with compatibility for other platforms. Impressive work. A praiseworthy game in all aspects. 10/10"
76561197971089934,Recommended,224500,492202,"Posted: 24 July, 2013",all,*A-B* *StAtiC*9*,I love it. It's like minecraft... with slaves! Or Dwarf Fortress with graphics! What the hell are you waiting for? It's cheaper than a pack of cigarettes in Minnesota!
,Recommended,224500,16585793,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,RCTycooner,"Great city builder, dev is still working on it. Occasional updates are great :)"
,Recommended,224500,16371964,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Holiday Heavy,it's like dwarf fortress with graphics
,Recommended,224500,16281355,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,DarkFlameFedora,this is a fun and thrilling game
,Recommended,224500,16288480,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,endurio,Great sandbox game
76561198010897055,Recommended,224500,16392789,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Erebus214,"Stupidly, midnumbingly addictive. It has a steap learning curve, but once you get the hang of it, I dare you to play for just a few minutes. Just remember to start farming berries immediatly and building the work benches so you can get a well and a distillery going ASAP, otherwise, they all die."
,Recommended,224500,16887943,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Coley_Flower,It's not too bad...Just a few hours of play...10/10
76561198009733552,Recommended,224500,13998116,"Posted: 15 January, 2015",all,illusiontek,"very addictive game,totaly recommented"
76561198033960746,Recommended,224500,13769207,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,bats,"Kind of confusing at first until you get the hang of it. The customisation is good, and being able to discover new traps to upgrade your fortress is cool.Combat seems to be lacking and it's a bit too easy to make your fortress completely inpenetrable.Despite being an early access game I would definitely recommend it, and the price seems very reasonable for the amount of content."
76561198010134705,Recommended,224500,12824608,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Selva,"Of the very few games even remotely like it, Gnomoria is the best.  It still has some work to be done.  My gnomes don't know how to shoot a monster directly below them from a wall...  But overall, very good.  Obsessive even."
76561198045597181,Recommended,224500,9995175,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Beast444,Extreamly high learning curve but once master can be a very fun settlemant simuator game. Almost a direct clone of dwarf fortress but with a heavy graphics overhaul.
76561197983509381,Recommended,224500,7670074,"Posted: 16 November, 2013",all,GetDUNKED,"Can be incredibly difficult and challenging. You start off with a small number of gnomes and resources and build up your own village / fortress / mine / farm / pit-of-death. Whilst trying very hard not to die of goblins / ogres / mants / exhaustion / thirst / hunger / zombies / bears / honey-badgers / lizards / ghouls / beetles (delete as applicable). Graphics leave something to be desired, but generally good fun. Still in development and patches are released regularly, but already a fully playable game."
76561198053737661,Recommended,224500,10622242,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,The Rainbringer,It is one of the best urchases i've done last year. It has ended with my social life.
76561198032754583,Recommended,224500,7613931,"Posted: 9 November, 2013",all,Nalin,"If you like city managing games this is a ""must have"". Bought it in early alpha and it was already great back then and is still growing better everyday with a lot of attention and relevant upgrades from developers. In game, you are in charge of controlling mining, building, researching and so on in a way that resembles Minecraft and a lot of Dwarven Fortress. Any price is good, just buy it!"
,Recommended,224500,12235735,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,asdfjg;k,"Great gameplay, amazing soundtrack! Next-Gen Graphics!!!!! 10/10 - IGN (prob)"
,Recommended,224500,12310366,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Anne Frank's Favorite Camp,"Built up my fortress and was really doing well. Then a Mant came around and started attacking. No matter what I did with my military, they would not attack, and instead idled and allowed all of them to bleed to death slowly. So a bug destroyed my fortress...10/10!"
,Recommended,224500,471259,"Posted: 20 May, 2013",all,TheBrain,"A great time sinker and deep (if you dig too much) indirect simulation game. Your Gnomes will work and have the best time of their lives, until, of course their certain demise comes at the hands of merciless looting invader Goblins."
,Recommended,224500,12405270,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Breagha,"Gnomoria doesn't just take time. It gobbles it up in huge chunks :PThe game is awesome, though. You get to manage a small (and growing) settlement, battling your way through hordes of goblins, golems, mants (yes, it's a thing) and much much more. Or not, if you prefer it quiet-like.You can micromanage or you can just set all your workshops to craft missing ingridients and have everybody automagically do stuff for you while you worry about the big picture.New players should definitely check out thewiki tutorialto get a good start as the first year is really hard to get through without some kind of strategy. Not that it gets easier after that, the trouble just changes character ;)If you like building/ defense games, this is awesome ^^"
,Recommended,224500,12561121,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Arkandy,"Gnomoria is a rather entertaining kingdom building sandbox game. Giving indirect commands through building instructions and management, you run a settlement of gnomes and eventually build it into a kingdom.This game's got quite a bit of potential, and shows it well. However, like any early access game, you should take it with a grain of salt, and expect problems to surface. Overall, though, the good outweighs the bad.Gnomoria's strengths come from it's crafting system and terrain editing. You can destroy, construct, or modify almost any block in the world, allowing you to build your kingdom however you want. Many choose to live underground, building multi-level dwarf-like caverns for the gnomes to live in. Others (myself included) build on the surface, building castles and walls. The gnomes are very good at managing jobs, where the ones that are dedicated (mining, farming, etc) will do their dedicated professions first, as there's fewer capable doing so. The resource management feels very fun and satisfying as well, stockpiling your goods in crates and barrels to conserve space. You start with only a few of these, and your gnomes sleeping on usually nothing but straw beds, eventually upgrading parts of your base to house your gnomes better.Gnomoria's downsides are like any early access game's. There's a few pathing bugs, where gnomes will essentially paint themselves into a corner when removing floors. Also, the game is rather hard to understand without reading through the information section for about an hour. It's very detailed, but the game lacks a tutorial or ""getting started"" play guide. Gnomoria's also a logistics game, and if you don't enjoy base/kingdom management, it's probably not going to offer something you want.However, Gnomoria is definitely worth picking up if you like games like Prison Architect or Dwarf Fortress. I bought it on a whim during the summer sale and after finally spending a few hours learning the ropes, it's loads of fun."
,Recommended,224500,12390867,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,duke_of_frags,This game = Adiction
76561198007897209,Recommended,224500,12470713,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,Commuter Bike Victim,"Slightly obscure UI, but excellent content underneath. Worth a buy now if you don't mind a steepish learning curve, and getting better all the time."
76561198000197153,Recommended,224500,12177900,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Skyedawg,DF lite with GUI.
,Recommended,224500,12184054,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,FatalSparrow,"I just played this game from 8 am till just past midnight... I have to be up at 7 am, and have crap to do... where did my day go? It went to challenging myself to building only above ground… fighting lizards, hoping the bears stay away, feeling pain when the one male yak bled to death only to celebrate when the remaining female gave birth to a male... Incest train full steam ahead baby!Can’t recommend this game enough, its as challenging as you want it to be and is still being worked on. Also unlike most the other games I have that have been developed after purchase, all the changes to this game have been nice and make sense.  I can’t think of one time a patch has hit that has made me think “well crap they just killed the game!” (cough cough hero siege cough cough)The ONLY reason I stay away from this game is… that first line… it grabs me and will NOT let me go.. and I have things to do.  I try to, but it’s like a virus or something... crack maybe? I normally have ok self control, but this game kills it…The game is not perfect there are minor issues, some bugs and such. Reported bugs are usually fixed via patches with time. You just have to wait it out as with any other game. It also has a moderate learning curve. Thankfully the wiki is there for all questions and help.As a final note things will be frustrating for the impatient, if you’re looking for quick play… instant satisfaction game this might not be a game suited to you."
,Recommended,224500,12469998,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,jardal,"It's Dwarf Fortress Lite with some thought put into user experience.  It can still be a little tough to get into as there are a few gotchas (like using the right-click menu instead of the action bar, the supply chain system, and using terrain -> dig -> ramp down to terraform), but it is a blast once you get going."
76561197996496071,Recommended,224500,1688655,"Posted: 25 March, 2013",all,Flopi,
76561198098273178,Recommended,224500,11336682,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Mr Sprinkles,"Difficult game, do not buy if your not a fan of trial and error. there is no tutorial, just controls. But if your are a fan and you dont mind having to learn by yourself then once you've figured it out you'll have a blast.great game!"
76561198014724823,Recommended,224500,11475792,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,redtieguy,"A medi-eval Minecraft with an addictive soundtrack and build-features.  You can either do a peaceful city free of invaders and master your gnomes learning legendary crafting skills or defend against goblins and large Mants.The unchanging settings can be annoying, such as suddenly finding out skeletons are spawning without properly planning how to counter them, so carefully pick which Kingdom is your peaceful SimCity and which is your combat, trap-ready fortress.Don't pick this up if you don't have time!  The level of depth and tactics is intense, and those with a love for detail (or OCD) will love the degree of customization.  But if you enjoy playing with pixelated blocks, you'll love gnoministering a kingdom."
,Recommended,224500,11311958,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,JUNKERJA,"A great game by robobob! Congratulations on your son even tho i am a little late. A great game overall, but wonky pathfinding at times. 9/10"
,Recommended,224500,11096615,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,☭ Ficklestein ☭,"Definitely recommended to anyone who has played and loved Ceaser III, Zeus, Pharoah, and other similar city-building and management game. The game is also recommended to anyone who loved the concept of Dwarf Fortress but could not get into it due to visuals and/or user interface. The best part about Gnomoria are the conflicts and preparation for conflicts, different armor types, weapons, etc. all of which are mined and smithed into form by your very own gnomes."
76561198012067997,Recommended,224500,10982622,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,ÐPS ✔ | Sajber Kurajber,Dwarf fortress for♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ i endorse this game fully!
76561198007663027,Recommended,224500,10955688,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Brygun,"One of the best town building games. Has a high detail level as in you decide where to place chairs, tables, beds etc. This game as a GUI (graphic user interface) that is what predecessors should have updated to. Even in lists you can often click for more details then ""move to"" to move the camera to see that spot. Lots of details in the game and more expected as development continues."
,Recommended,224500,11026413,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,MukoU,The Best.
76561198046421730,Recommended,224500,11236108,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Serf,I love this game. its a lot like drawf fortress but a lot more user friendly. i got a moat up and running in the first 30 minutes and got a tailor shop in 40 mins:) this game is fun and a quick game. It also is preety cheap game so get it now you wont regret it:)
,Recommended,224500,11188787,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Talamisiko,This is a great building game and also very addictive!
,Recommended,224500,11154862,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,JohnSMR,Had all 9 gnomes attack a lizard. All died 10/10
,Recommended,224500,11223035,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Siege,"Way more fun than I expected! Granted, maybe I initially started playing too early in development, and it took another friend who has this game - as well as a lot of experience with Dwarf Fortress - giving me a quick starting tutorial to get me going, but within minutes I was hooked, and haven't played anything else in more than a week! Highly recommended for anyone who thinks they might be a fan of what I can only describe as ""Minecraft meets The Sims""."
,Recommended,224500,11112305,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,"Mang Jose, el Primer Luchador","I killed an invading Goblin, butchered him, and sent his meat back to his home kingdom. 10/10"
76561198065963458,Recommended,224500,16462630,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,avalonism21,"I've been playing Gnomoria for about a week, and I think it's great, I've always loved random map game's, and kingdom game's, so putting the two togather is perfect, every thing else about the game is iceing on the cake for me."
76561198008387393,Recommended,224500,13410901,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Tots,"So like.....I have played this game a bit. Something like 300 plus hours. Anyways, really great game. There's alot to do, and alot to create. You can really just make your own town, city or whatever. I felt like there was a little bit of a learning curve at first, so if you pick this game up be patient."
76561198096892058,Recommended,224500,13423017,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,HumanFtw,"There are several factors that make Gnomoria so engaging and replayable. First, the world is your canvas, and the terrain can be manipulated with almost unlimited freedom. Second, the level of customization in the skills and jobs of the gnomes gives a huge opportunity for the player to being in another creative dimension. The survival aspect—maintaining food the winter, defending against the invading goblins, and keeping the mines lit—always keeps an extra pressure that keeps the player on their toes. And on top of this, Gnomoria is still undergoing development! I've read into the new features and I contunie to be excited about this game.Even as an early access game, Gnomoria surpassed all my expectations. I'm giving this 5/5 and strongly recommending this to any fans of the sim/survival genre."
,Recommended,224500,13730275,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,TheHornedKing,"An attempt at simplifying DF, they succeeded in making it simpler, but also somehow made it much less intuitive. C-"
76561197994397959,Recommended,224500,13732310,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,klk083,Holy s**t has to be the first game i strugle to survive with easy setting
,Recommended,224500,13700059,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Lolligator,"A good alternative to Dwarf Fortress that doesn't have such an insane learning curve (it's still pretty steep) and has a fairly good user interface, which DF entirely lacks without mods.  As of this early access review, the game is still receiving regular updates from the developer.However, don't expect to survive for any extended amount of time the first few games you play.  Your gnomes will almost certainly be gutted by a honey badger or have their head bashed in by a golem.  After your first few games, you might make it into year two or three and start understanding why your towns keep getting ransacked.In any case, if you like Dwarf Fortress or even the idea of Dwarf Fortress, I consider this game a ""lite"" version that's easier to pick up and has a far more pleasing look to it.  In addition, it's receiving updates on a more regular basis."
76561198094520906,Recommended,224500,13703764,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Vengarato,It's Dwarf Fortress!  ...with graphics!! ...and much less of a learning curve!!! ...but no tutorial?!
,Recommended,224500,13709636,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Souplespoon,"my gnomes ran out of booze and were all eaten by a single bearOverall, a very decent metaphoric look at the everyday inconveniences of the middle-class American person.Or dwarf fortress with gnomes.Either way bears are dangerous and it's important to have a healthy supply of liquor, kids."
,Recommended,224500,13749861,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,HostSlayer,"At the time of this review, Gnomoria is still in early access. It has been often compared to the game Dwarf Fortress, and while it has obviously taken many cues from it, Gnomoria has nowhere near the depth and complexity of Dwarf fortress. If you do know about Dwarf Fortress, and like it, you will like this. I like to think of it as Dwarf Fortress' handsome and handicapped kid brother. It seems to have some bugs related to the item management which will cause it to crash as the game progresses. That said, when it is playable, I really enjoyed it. You will need to reference the Wikia quite often, though.Good:Actual Graphics!Bad:Limited types of enemiesBugs that seem to eventually infest the savegameThe developer is still working on it, so if the savegame problem can be fixed, I will happily spend more time playing it and will recommend it without any qualms. Maybe someone can create a savegame verification program that looks for those problems and removes the invalid items/references.I ONLY recommend it to those who realize it is a work in progress with crash bugs and are still willing to try it for a kinder, gentler DF fix."
,Recommended,224500,7306679,"Posted: 4 October, 2013",all,alexschrod,"It's like a less complicated version of Dwarf Fortress. If you like the idea of Dwarf Fortress, but it intimidates you, this game is a great alternative!"
,Recommended,224500,13800442,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Loaf,Very addictive.
,Recommended,224500,13790886,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Nikander,Dwarf Fortress for casual gamers... Many hours of fun!
76561198044898074,Recommended,224500,13023748,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,BabyCakeThunderByrd,"Good old sandbox where a lot is possible.DAM HARD perhpas.You better micro manage.Also I've played at different stages of the game and bugs get fixed.DAM hard, you know now."
76561198037308094,Recommended,224500,13317573,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Index,"A fun game by itself, but if Gnomorias graphics and the content of Dwarf Fortress were combined it would be a must have."
,Recommended,224500,13327550,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Airlinefood,I have no idea what I am doing
,Recommended,224500,13836105,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Gnaughty Gnome,"This game is an amazing survival/building game. It seems heavily inspired by dwarf fortress, but it seems unique in its own way. I think that this is well worth 8 dollars. The music is good as well. You feel porud when you see your little settelment ggrow bigger, and it is cool to see all the workers scurry around like ants.I very much recommend this game."
,Recommended,224500,13870615,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,toktorill,"The graphics are simple multi-layered isometric.  Other than your gnomes running around, the game is barely animated.  ...And yet, in this simple world you find a massive amount of playability, with systems for mining, crafting, assigned professions, skill advancement, farming, animal husbandry, combat, hunger, thirst, trading, ZOMBIES... (I'm probably missing a few).  All of this, backed by a solid (though predictable) AI, and excellent balancing.  One of the most played titles in my steam library.  I haven't only recommended this; I have given it as a gift to friends."
,Recommended,224500,13695050,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,thefakelinhd,"This game is really in depth and fun. Hours of fun can be had. I suggest watching some lets plays or reading the wiki before playing because there is no in game tutorial, but this is really fun when you get the hang of it. I love watching Aavac playing it."
76561198031003549,Recommended,224500,14522979,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Walk the Void,"Made Fortress into a cliff with long staircase upput gunmen on walls and built wall on sides of stairs for gunmenslaughtered anything trying to take fortfound a ton of gold and silveradded castle to top of fort with entire inside gold walls, and silver floorsadded gold statues and gold walk way inside fortits really entertaining nice relaxing game just rember to plant a huge grove of fruit trees, you'll never run out of food and drink because you know gnomes apparently dont drink water..."
,Recommended,224500,14536877,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Ladybloodshed,"This game is amazing, I have enjoyed all the ongoing changes (even if they killed all my gnomes) that continue to improve the game play. I truly believe in this game's potential and look forward to future content. Keep up the great work."
76561197976556067,Recommended,224500,13235777,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Hone00R,"Its a bit clunky, but definitely worth a buy.This game really scratches that city building/management itch.But be prepare to get dominated first few playsTotes steep learning curve."
76561198031549388,Recommended,224500,13254184,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Hammer,"I have played this game way too much, fun, infinite possibilities. Lots of options for expanding your realm and building to your hearts desire."
76561198012093788,Recommended,224500,13373776,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,Caine,"Early access review: 12/14/2014I've put in about 350 hours into Gnomoria and I feel confident that I can give an informed review. The game is quite polished for an early access game. There is a large amount of content but your enjoyment really depends on whether you like this type of game or not. I personally enjoy it because i can set goals and Queues and then leave it for a couple hours while my gnomes work. The updates are frequent and fairly timely.The one big complaint I have is the slowdown and drop in frame rate on bigger maps or when you get about 50 levels down. I have a decent comp but even on small maps when I reach about -65 down I start to experience significant lag, it makes the game borderline unplayable hence why I have around 20 different save slots. Also you can't save without exiting, however you can just ctrl+alt+delete and shut down the game to get around that (really useful when you have a beetle invasion). Even if the game isn't changed at all before 1.0 it is definatly worth the price of admission."
76561198000026718,Recommended,224500,13269811,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,S. Hawk,"If you like Dwarf Fortress then this is a great game for doing something like it but casually. If  you like simulation games this is very deep without crossing into the crazy levels of complexity of Dwarf Fortress and with a much more intuitive interface and actual graphics. If you think I've said Dwarf Fortress too much, well frankly, this is Dwarf Fortress lite."
76561197986629379,Recommended,224500,13243963,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Vali,"Very cool game, for sure worth it"
,Recommended,224500,13090522,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,psibrone,"They update this game a lot, which makes starting over something you just do. The 8 bit graphics work well with the game and the learning curve is part of what made this a lot more entertaining. The gnomes can be a bit annoying at times and there are a few bugs I would like to see them straighten out in the AI (like a gnome working his way into a corner, so to speak) but other than that, this is a lot of fun."
,Recommended,224500,13207350,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Khan Voices,As a casual scrub lord to dwarf fortress type games i have to say this feels really good. Getting pulled in for an hour or two of trying to make a kingdom work while hopping to a wiki to find out how progression and openings start to just survive is a bit annoying to some but it really just made me want to learn more about the game. After 5 kingdoms ending with me restarting cause my poor yaks deserted me due to straw bed production i have to say that once you finally get the hang of it you really can immerse yourself in managing and making things look the way you want. With differnt wood/stone types for differnt visuals you always have a cosmetic end goal on top of that survival min/maxing one.
76561198039591970,Recommended,224500,13219510,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Befoul,It is like a slightly simplified DF but with graphics and robobob is great. My favorite game.
,Recommended,224500,13182682,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,lilmonkey99,"This game had me at ""sandbox"" ""village management"" and ""Strategy"".  I had no idea what it was about and when I first started I still had no idea.  I watched a couple of lets plays and now I am addicted.  This is probably my best buy of the year, including Beyond Earth and Sims 4.  I spent $4 and it's well worth it.I highly recommend.  But if you get it, just be aware it might take you a couple of let's plays to really start understanding how the mechanics work."
76561198058993169,Recommended,224500,13063502,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,BrandoCommando,i got so far 157.5 hours on gnomoria and i havnt found eveything about it wishing for a multiplayer of gnomoria
,Recommended,224500,13114026,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,optimus,Charming and accessible with a decent learning curve.
,Recommended,224500,13114226,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Tempest,"Incredibly fun game, would highly recommend."
,Recommended,224500,13102281,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,HN,Awesome
,Recommended,224500,13011064,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,happy_emi,"This is a very good Dwarf Fortress clone. Very engaging, although still a bit rough on the edges, it really requires full player concentration and focus. Definitely NOT for everyone, but you appreciate (very hard) management simulations, this is a must have."
,Recommended,224500,13339199,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Ocfos,"A game much alike Dwarf Fortress, but less brutal and far easier to understand as a newcomer.Buy it if you love Dwarf Fortress, but don't want to lose your fortress every 30 minutes."
76561198123636056,Recommended,224500,13336048,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,DA CD1ZZZLE,i wish there was gnomes breeding that would be awesome!
,Recommended,224500,14057768,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Incest Kevin,Steep learning curve but a super fun base builder/defender
76561198088784727,Recommended,224500,13978111,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,John Frustrante,"I don't even know how to begin to describe how this little game still in development has made me fall in love with it. The simplicity of the graphics, the complexity of the gameplay, the weirdy funny names, the possibilities of customization, how it encourages your creativity and so on. If I were to list all of the things that made me fall in love with it, I would have to write a review as big as the holy  bible.So, to put it in few words: AMAZING. That's the perfect word to describe it. Thank you RoboB0b for giving all of us gnomistrators the opportunity to play such an incredible, mind-blowing, fun as hell game.10/10 just buy it, you won't ever regret."
,Recommended,224500,14120766,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Druntar,This game was easily the best game I purchased all year if you consider return on investment. Hundreds of hours of play for just a few dollars. I highly recommend it.
,Recommended,224500,14124476,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Dyingdemon,"Very fun and high replay value. Iv spent hundred of hours this week alone in it (though i admit 24 of those was me giving my gnomes a long list of things to do and then walking away with auto save resume mod on ) Still I love the over all feel of this. The digging, the inventing, the traps, the mobs. If I had any complaint, its with the lack of ""realms"" there are mods that allow you to change the look but It would be even better if there where gnomes and skills and such that could only be gotten by the building/discovery of portals to new generated worlds based off of your current game mode and kingdome size. Even a ""adventurer gnome"" would be nice. I do hole hope this will come one day as it is updated on a regular basis. I hope this game keeps getting new thinsg for years to come."
76561198059218445,Recommended,224500,14894854,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Irolden,"This game is so good. I played Dwarf Fortress for a long time, but I'm both color blind and lazy, so I never progressed far, to say the least.  The game is well on the way to be much, much better."
76561198026292685,Recommended,224500,15284398,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,albamuth,"This game isn't as difficult to learn as Dwarf Fortress, but it isn't as simple as most sim/management games out there. Since gnomes have a certain level of autonomy, it's more about planning and designing an efficient system than merely following a prescribed tech tree. There's no railroading in this, and certainly no handholding, but it's comepletely engrossing. I also respect that the developer is continually updating and improving this as a kind of indefinite project.I want many more games like this!"
,Recommended,224500,15201653,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,The Chemist,"Solid base builder. Could use some more interesting things that can happen while exploring, but definitely fun."
76561197960292462,Recommended,224500,5820,"Posted: 21 June, 2013",all,Hudson,"Nice game if you ever wanted to play Dwarf Fortress, but like me, where too overwhelmed.Gnomoria has nice graphics and good gameplay and it has enough micromanagement to keep you interested, but not bored.As I write this recommendation, the game is not finished yet.The developer is very community fixated and there are votes on which new feature should be implemented, so expect new stuff and fixes on a weekly/monthly basis."
76561198008679528,Recommended,224500,15186531,"Posted: 3 April, 2015",all,Nakka,"This game is a great sand-box for the first few years of the game. The AI is well-done, the graphics are serviceable. On the down-side, the UI can be challenging. If you are technical enough and stick to it, you'll find yourself having a lot of fun building your Gnome base. It is a great game for the first few years, where to goal is survival - past that, you will grow your base without much purpose other than esthetics. For the current price point, you'll get a great sand-box that you will return to!"
76561198046496090,Recommended,224500,15177130,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Yar,Great world builder. Can make it as easy or as difficult as you want. Definity recommending this :)
,Recommended,224500,13399114,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,Neeners,It's like easymode dwarf fortress. I enjoy it even though babbymode! :D
,Recommended,224500,8563054,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,GrecDeFreckle,"Little damn addicting gnomes... Got this two days ago. 13 hours of little frustratingly addicting♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥gnomes running around. I mean, they onl drink wine and beer! The collective hangover would kill them all if they ever sobered up."
76561198023933657,Recommended,224500,14185367,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Machm,"Gnomoria is one of ""those"" games. With a very steep learning curve, the best way to describe the difficulty of the game is ""What if dark souls was a strategy game?"". Don't get me wrong though, this is probably one of the better strategy games out there right now. Learning the game is part of the game's challenges. You will be completely baffled for a while and utterly upset that all your gnomes are suddenly starving or thirsty. You will ask if success in this game is even possible and your gnomes will die, again, and again.... But you will also say, after finally strategizing a correct way to over come the challenge, ""OH OF COURSE, this definitely makes sense"". The game does have its bugs, but if you are looking for a good challenging game, you won't really care all that much. I'd say if you want to play a challenging strategy game, this is one for you."
,Recommended,224500,14134922,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,[TEA]tchiseen,"I love this little game. Gnomes are so charming. Yaks be damned, this is a fun game to play and play again. It's still growing, with nice new features every patch."
76561198049710677,Recommended,224500,14350269,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Jack Burtan,Great game. Has a bit of a learning curve but there are plenty of youtube tutorials out there.
,Recommended,224500,14685422,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Professor What,I LOOOOOOVE THIS GAME!!!!!!!!!!! I have 49 hours on it and it's still fun unlike any other game I have played. There is one problem though...my game crashes everytime I access a stockpile. :( Please have this fixed. I recomend this game to other people because this game is AWESOME!!!
,Recommended,224500,14736149,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,ToXeye,"""This game is seriously handicapped in comparison to dwarf fortress. This game has some issues, and it does not let you see from a top down perspective. It can't beat dwarf fortress in  any way.""""Although I would recommend the game to newbies.""That was my first review of this game. However, I found out that there is not much to say about dwarf fortress either. There's tons of ""things"" just thrown into dwarf fortress for the fun of it, badly integrated. At least this game is well integrated with all its parts for the time being, and perhaps it becomes even better when it is finished. At first, I got irritated by the 3D controls, since Dwarf Fortress lacks any kind of advanced graphics which means it gets a lot of things for free. But I learnt that, once upon a time, I struggled with dwarf fortress aswell. And now I got to play this game the way it was meant to be played. I learnt the controls and overcame the struggle with the initial ""but do gnomes only eat berries"" kind of scepticism. I think it is kind of nice that the game has a few good things like rotation of the view so that you can see the floor where you otherwise wouldn't. And there's the potential to have a lot of things put into this game. Imagine modding this game in order to add new plants and stones, crafting, workbenches, new things in general. Imagine, since it is still alpha, that this game could potentially gain a lot of features. I don't promise it, but I would really like to see this game finished."
76561198063037243,Recommended,224500,14669167,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,DPrime123,"I love this game, hours of enjoyment watching the gnomes do their thing.... you know the usual work, sleep, eat, die~"
76561198082132584,Recommended,224500,14602196,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,davichew,"Very addicting! Well made and some of the best low-cost $ spent on Steam.Love the city-building genre, but found most of the new city builders to be complete crap and carbon copies of each other which are glorified version of SimTown. This one offers enough depth and detail to carry itself. Very similar to Banished. I have not reached the military/ fighting stage yet of this game but I think it gives the game a lot more depth compared to purely city-building, survival mangement games.If you like management- city building games, this one if for you!"
76561198074204175,Recommended,224500,14777154,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Meep,This is a great game. I am so addicted to it. Though It is sometimes buggy and a little bit lacking at points (its still absolutly great for alpha) it is amazing. I can not wait to see what the futuure has in store for this game. Now excuse me while i go back to my fortress and destroy these goblin scum. Happy gnoming
76561198065517745,Recommended,224500,14780807,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Anitanannerz,I love this game but it takes forever to load!
76561198005400020,Recommended,224500,14784089,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Bloodwolff,"This game is pretty awesome, though at the moment I play it in either peaceful or with just wild animals; till I get familar with getting started quickly :)"
,Recommended,224500,14145369,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Futureblót,"Love this game so much, these dw- Gnomes just do whatever they want! and the GUI isn't some crazy half your keyboard pile of confusion. It's and ACTUAL (G)UI.my gnomes, Rose, lost an arm and a leg to a golem. RIP, Rose."
76561198029750744,Recommended,224500,14300859,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,dunkward,"Very fun, relaxing game already. Didn't play it in a while so I can't say too much about its current state but I already spent 30 hours in it sometime last year. Will definitely come back playing soon."
,Recommended,224500,13435028,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,rempred,Amazing
,Recommended,224500,13562351,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Zhael,Well can't stop playing this beauty ....
76561198043487607,Recommended,224500,13557302,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Rakashe,Love this game! didn't realize how much  hours I put into it.
76561198028331310,Recommended,224500,8379940,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Romaine Lettuce,This game is a lot of fun. I highly recommend it.
76561198038968845,Recommended,224500,11423614,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,NicePotato,"It's messy and slow to start and needs better tutorial and the devs are slow in fixing obvious issues. But. It's fun. And it's fairly easy to get into. Just click on♥♥♥♥♥♥until it works is a great philosophy in this game. I made an underground village and mined a lot of different ore and then I lost half of my people in the mysterious ""Vanishing on the 8th day"" and then my oxen vanished and then I built brewery.It's a bitter-sweet accomplishment."
,Recommended,224500,6226287,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,Steve Johnson,Great Game Slow start but after that is hard to stop playing
,Recommended,224500,12297883,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Agent Waurshington,"Great game, the first game ive ever played where i had to make it as easy as possible just to figure it out.100 hours in im still trying to figure it all out actually, some might say that makes me an idiot but oh well. its fun being a noob and learning a game cause when youve mastered it then it gets easy, and easy is boring.some tips...when you start, go to the advance options and turn off all the monsters,you willneed you cattle, so first thing first is start growing a wheat farm to keep your cattle alive.dont bother building a well, get a distillery and just forage for fruit when your low, it'll keep you going till you can find a better arrangment.i do have one complaint, often times my work orders come to a halt and recentley ive found out why, lack of resource or some sort of minuscle detail. is it possible to get some sort of tool tip or warning when something like that happens.also when i start getting about 40 entities (animal or gnome) walking around on the map, my game starts freezing up.all in all, this is a great game though, i HIGHLY recommend it."
76561198054371977,Recommended,224500,12632074,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Ogskive,"Although I've recently purchased this game, I can tell that it's right up my alley. The wide range of customization makes for a very entertaining game."
76561197974517593,Recommended,224500,12282593,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Nancy Grace,This is the only early access game I play.
,Recommended,224500,1504735,"Posted: 30 June, 2013",all,Zumomo,Awesome game which still becomes updates.More than worth its money
76561198085196698,Recommended,224500,12588236,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,Noktious [Wes],Unbelievably addicting.
,Recommended,224500,11009491,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,robroyman,"Pure Gold! Loving this game - it has everything I want in a game - immersive, addictive and replayable. I've tried so many other ""open world"", ""sandbox"" and ""indie"" games out there but this one finally ticks all the right boxes. At this price, it's a steal - and apparently it's ""early access"" - where?! Seems complete to me! Do yourself a favour and grab a copy today - you won't regret it :)"
76561198125904040,Recommended,224500,11196184,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,SomeHomo,"Absolutely great game. Very deep and fun gameplay.If you were somehow able to control several players on minecraft and tell them what to harvest, build, kill, etc and added skills, and character growth then you'd basically have Gnomoria.If you're into games like Minecraft or Don't Starve then you'll likely enjoy this one.I highly recommend it and call it one of the top games I've ever played."
76561198070683876,Recommended,224500,6620649,"Posted: 20 June, 2013",all,navotgil,"Great Game,Super simple graphics , awesome gameplay"
,Recommended,224500,14650491,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Mr. Penguin,Awesome game to get stoned and play for hours.
76561198013844556,Recommended,224500,14718794,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Orilo,"This game is relaxed and peacefull whit just a hint of challange if u want it too, this is my first review of a game and i love that it is this game buyed it soo long ago yet there are updates and awsome stuff still remaning to do !"
,Recommended,224500,14817780,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,DemDem the Twilight Angel,"This game is great, and makes ease of killing time.I haven't played Dwarf Fortress, and sadly it doesn't please me, I watched enough to say it's not worth my time.Onto the real part:Despite not having a tutorial, the game is still forgiving enough for you to keep trying. Once you got to a point where you got the jist of the game, expand by making a castle and making weapons from mining or trading with another city (Found in Kingdom Tab).Just the only thing that will hit you is Kingdom Worth, for starters, try to get Bronze armor and iron or so weapons before 15,000 (15k) worth and make sure they are trained."
76561198077627800,Recommended,224500,14698701,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Mrs.Baggy,would defo recommend this game. only had this game a matter of weeks and as you can see by my played hours I'm pretty addicted to it. :)
,Recommended,224500,14631202,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Garrison,"It is very fun and original. Also, it can be hard as nails.I never played Terraria, but I would say those who liked that may like this.You build stuff and kill stuff."
76561197972526959,Recommended,224500,14852115,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,BubbleFett,"I'm loving this game. I was a big fan of Dwarf Fortress and obviously so are the people who made this. Plays very intuitively, with a little trial and error I was able to pick up the basics very quickly. The characters are quirky and fun, the music fits the game perfectly. Lots options for building and crafting without getting overwhelming. The game doesn't punish you for design errors, as you are able to rebuild walls, etc. I've only logged about 10 hours, so I'm far from seeing all this game has to offer, but it's been challenging and a lot of fun so far."
76561198099839048,Recommended,224500,14665868,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Bee Supremacy,You should really buy this game. It's cheap and worth way more than it's priced.
,Recommended,224500,14804181,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Plague,"This is by far one of my most favorite games that I have on Steam, and I have over 100.  It is so simple that it could have been on the orginal Nintendo back in the early 90s, but so complicated as a triple A rated game.  Pure genius.Highly recommended if you like crafting and simcity style games.  A must have in my opinon."
76561198058662627,Recommended,224500,6082915,"Posted: 21 June, 2013",all,GasBandit,"A very involved and intricate management sim, inspired by Dwarf Fortress.  Build, defend and expand a gnome settlement that delves into the earth and help your gnomes survive against beasts, goblins and worse as they dig ever more greedily and deep...  an excellent indie game."
76561197970432977,Recommended,224500,11489982,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,FizzyChicken,Loving this game so far. Make sure you watch some 'Lets Play' videos though so you can get a foothold on how to play. Looking forward to many more hours of fun with this one.
76561198042234000,Recommended,224500,12213423,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Mr Moopsy,"Very fun game!A real gem, and wonderful way to pass time.The learning curve can be steep. Expect to fail all the time.But in this game, failing is fun.Any fan of dwarf fortress owes it to themselves to try this game."
76561198093699134,Recommended,224500,11323266,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,IT'S every day bro :)))),"great game,really fun to play.the first time i played,all my gnomes died of thirst.next playthrough i made a good kingdom.the only downside is that if you have a lot of items in your stockpiles,the game takes a long time to load.but for the long loading time there is a bug and glitch-free playthrough. 10/10"
,Recommended,224500,11130483,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Corbin,"This game is a wonderful easy-to-get-into dwarf fortress-like game.  The developer is fast to fix bugs and is consistantly producing updates. In its current form of early access it is definately worth it, the things planned on the roadmap are just icing on the cake. Please go and buy this game and tell others about it, this game deserves recognition and support."
76561197991587929,Recommended,224500,11134097,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Tim,"Please to the developers - You have a phenomenal game so far but I hate magic in the game, I always prefer it to have a more authentic builder/crafter feel to things and it's PERFECT as is right now, PLEASE don't add magic and spells into the game. I am all for more classes/builds with crafting and creating items but the spells will ruin the game for me and I will be end up dropping it and not playing any more if that stuff comes into the game!! It's amazing how you have it right now!!"
76561198005735063,Recommended,224500,11159180,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Hoser,"Solid Game, I always lose. But solid none the less"
,Recommended,224500,11353550,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Utildayael,"Gnomoria is a sim/sandbox/survival game where you command a bunch of gnomes to do things. Honestly that about sums it up.Some quick good/bad/ugly breakdown!Good- Fun game!- Complete sandbox experience where you can do pretty much anything- You can disable the awful music :)- Lots and lots of options for how you want your game set up. Lots of mountains? No mountains? Hate golems? Turn em off. Etc. Gold star for custom games and difficulties.Bad- No tutorial. It's your standard indie game ""hey go read a wiki or something"" start up. Thankfully, there are a lot of good guides both here on Steam and elsewhere so I recommend checking them out before diving in.- Graphics are a bit dated. I know this is very qualitative but they just don't have any zing to them. They aren't bad, but they aren't great. If you dig the sprites and the retro look, no complaints.- Music is awful. There, I said it. Thankfully you can turn it off. Unless you're that one guy who just has to have the game music on no matter what, you'll be fine.Ugly- My gnomes were slaughtered by a Honey Badger. He gave no ♥♥♥♥s.Overall. Buy it! It's a fun game. It reminds me a lot of Dwarf Fortress but with graphics. :)"
76561198029620649,Recommended,224500,21951396,"Posted: 20 March, 2016",all,Njebich,"Others have written very good reviews, no need to put time into a full-length review. Gotta defend my gnomes.Please be warned, this gem will eat your time.Special tip: Try JanJansen's skins."
,Recommended,224500,25271880,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,TKR101010,"A fun little game, but it does have a bunch of issues with it. If you're interested, I'd pick it up sometime when it's on sale. With it's problems I don't think it's worth the full price. I would strongly recommend Dwarf Fortress instead."
,Recommended,224500,7022663,"Posted: 3 July, 2013",all,PaintSniffer,It's a pretty nice game. I would play it if you like games were you build up your own towns/kingdoms and command people todo what.
,Recommended,224500,25248419,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Holmsie,"Great game, very immersive and engaging style of play and great for building up a long empire; as long as you keep safe!It's rewarding to have a kingdom a few years old as it's so easy to get absolutely wiped out at this game!Perfect for anyone enjoying Sandbox games or City Builders."
,Recommended,224500,17368565,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Sargos,This is the most accessible and best Dwarf Fortress style game out there at the moment. You will lose many hours learning new building techniques and continually dying and starting over (fun!).Now that the game has hit 1.0 everything works pretty well. The only bugs people can find are small things that don't really affect the major parts of the game. There's plenty of content to keep you entertained for a very long time.Gnomoria and RimWorld are the two best Dwarf Fortress style games out there and RW is still fairly early in development. Gnomoria is the real deal and fully fleshed out today. Go have a blast.
76561198046898112,Recommended,224500,24968658,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,[MG] Medivh_PL,It's alright.  Buy it if you like to manage people.
76561198015112369,Recommended,224500,2959035,"Posted: 14 June, 2013",all,Yaad,Super Game!
,Recommended,224500,26174439,"Posted: 22 October, 2016",all,AlmostLastPlace,"For the 15$ price tag Gnomoria presents an outrageous value.Sure, it's not dwarf fortress.. but it's still pretty complicated and easily can give more than 40 hours of enjoyment. Far more if you get into it."
,Recommended,224500,3050927,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,Aritani,"A whole bunch of fun, similar to Dwarf Fortress but way less confusing."
76561197969702076,Recommended,224500,10545040,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,MisterFlibble,"Absolutely the best Dwarf Fortress game that isn't actually Dwarf Fortress. But it's actually playable by mortals, unlike Dwarf Fortress. I'm currently at 866 hours played, which is quite a bit. If you even think you like this genre, you should play this."
76561197998561651,Recommended,224500,10599985,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Kyrros,"Game Version:  v0.9.12   June 2014[Updated for v1.0  - Nov 2016]Before I start, I will come right out and say that I am a gamer who has played Dwarven Fortress for years and loved every moment of 'Fun'™That being said, I found this game to feel very famliar - yet still enough of it's own game to not call it a cheap knock-off.Despite the initial impression of the game's logo, this is NOT a side-scroller or platformer, but rather a top-down isometric city-builder simulation.Your goal, as the player, is to take the small band of rag-tag Gnomish misfits, plop them down in the middle of a pristine wilderness, then make a life for them so that they not only survive, but thrive.  By thriving, you attract more Gnomish citizens, allowing you to grow and expand, allowing you to attract even more Gnomish citizens, so on and so forth, eventually building your Kingdom up to become the stuff of legends.Agriculture, Food prep, Animal Husbandry, Mining, Crafting (of tools/objects made of wood, stone, metals, and gems), Contruction, Military, Health services, Trade with foreign neighbors - all of these and more are at your disposal to build your Kingdom.The gameplay and mechanics are simple enough to grasp in the begining, giving you enough time to become accustomed to them before the difficulty ramps up (I hope you saved up enough food and drink for your gnomes and their livestock for winter...?)  The difficulty is directly and continuously controlled by the player via 'Kingdom Worth', a mechanic that measures the amount of wealth/resources the player has amassed and value of all produced goods available - this means the player can make a game as easy or as difficult as they choose at anytime during gameplay by increasing or decreasing stockpiles and production.The artwork is 16-bit based (remember your SNES or Sega Genesis?) as is the in-game soundtrack; though, you have an option of selecting a soundtrack of the same music with a richer more modern digital sound.The interface is simple with either a right-click or a menu bar at the bottom (you can use either exclusively), but for those with a penchant for customization, you can hotkey/map just about every command to a keystroke of your choice, should you so desire.Worlds are pre-generated (randomly or by player-entered seed) with a much or as little customization as you desire.Watch your kingdoms grow day by day, season by season, year by year, decade by decade - the longevity and success of your kingdom is limited only by your skill, your patience, and your imagination.Having logged many many hours in this game (sadly not all of mine here on Steam™) - I am more than happy to recommend this game to other players, despite the fact that the game has seen little in the way of updates in the last several months and some mechanics are not fully implemented.Player mods, tilesets, and Steam Workshop is available, though I myself have not availed myself of any of them. Some of the player created content does seem interesting for those of you who like to Mod their games.* [ In addition to the above review I have also nominated this game from my library for the ""Best use of a Farm Animal"" award for the 2016 Steam Awards - the pure and simple fact that livestock are THAT useful in this game. Not just for standard animal uses (food, bones, leather, milk, eggs, wool, etc) but that they are also (suprisingly) useful as a frontline of defense/early warning against the ravaging hordes that eventually will show up at your doorstep) ] *Happy Gnoming!"
76561198004425883,Recommended,224500,27011346,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,hunco,"It was a one man project of a game that was developed while the dev had a newborn.  Unbelievable accomplishment.The best dwarf fortress successor-like game ever.One of my greatest game-for-the-value purchases ever.Do you like supply chain management and rogue-like tragic endings?  If yes, then buy it!"
,Not Recommended,224500,27319536,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ZëL,"This game was a pretty cool spinoff from Dwarf Fortress. It was actually accessible and a good enough interface to not drive a normal person mad.It was a bit too easy and some system could have used some added complexity, without making the game frustrating or too hard to understand.Then the developer released it and disappeared from the Internet, leaving a rushed release behind his back.I played it a lot, it showed promise, but in this state I cannot recommend it."
76561198058899242,Recommended,224500,10852303,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Fizzle Bootay,"Very good game, developer is still updating it and fairly frequently to so its a good buy if your looking to watch as a game progresses in development.plus its fun"
76561198025297237,Recommended,224500,26703518,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Lynx9999,"User-friendly Dwarf Fortress clone. It doesn't reach the true depths of Dwarf Fortress, but you get to see everything, and it's a lot easier to set up. Even better with Tacyn's mod pack."
76561198003311167,Recommended,224500,26933311,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Mugiwara,This is the best basebuilder game I have and I wish I had others more like it.
,Recommended,224500,26970081,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Whiteraven,Make Gnomoria 2 PLZ！
,Recommended,224500,26970104,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Chrisyou,"Run your own gnome hideaway in Gnomoria.  You rule over several gnomes as you get them to gather resources and build up a base to defend yourselves.  Start out in a small cave and build a super structure full of treasure rooms, grand halls, dorms, farms with livestock.  Trade for those pesky finite resources.  Defend from creatures that want to take what you have.Fail and all your gnomies will die, thrive and more gnomes will join you to follow your every command."
76561197966207963,Recommended,224500,26606720,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Kaseer,"Picked it up on sale ages ago. Great game if you can get through the tutorial which at least used to be horribly boring and don't mind the isometric graphics. The management mechanics are intresting, it is good fun designing your own little gnometopia and a single game will last you quite a while."
,Recommended,224500,26868023,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Reizel,"i really liked this game full of things to prepare and gnomes to sustain, it is quite easy to keep enough food and drinks in storage or progressing tecnologically, while keeping your land safe from the mobs is realy difficult if you want to keep all the gnomes safe and sound."
76561197991263792,Recommended,224500,26922285,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Mr.Brioche,one of the best sandbox I've ever played.
,Recommended,224500,26738783,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Odysseus,At the end of the day it is a fun game that I enjoyed but I wish could have had more added to it.
,Recommended,224500,10249096,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Lord Kazzak,"Great game. Worth hundred of hours of gametime, if you like building/fighting games :P Also great humour in fight log and great legendary weapon names. Evil goblins falling before the might of a legendary crossbow The Pulpy Boat of the Pulps make me smile.EDIT: Many people claim the game is unfinished. As far as I'm concerned it's been a finished game long before release. Sure, it's nothing like Dwarf Fortress. But if that's what you're looking for, just play that game. I doubt any game with actual graphics can come close to complexity of Dwarf Fortress, simply because it would take too much time dealing with the graphics aspect. While I do wish the developer would continue working on it, calling it unfinished is just silly."
76561198007416589,Recommended,224500,26928230,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Talarias,"Still the best couple dollars I have spent on steam, even with its minor issues."
,Recommended,224500,218438,"Posted: 27 July, 2013",all,Bash,"This game isn't even released fully, claims to be in alpha, and is already super awesome. It's like Dwarf Fortress but far more approachable, with an addictive soundtrack and atmosphere. The game rivals completed games in terms of overall structure. I can't imagine what else they're gonna add.."
,Recommended,224500,11225707,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Lonewolf6724,My favorite game on  steam!
76561198005430124,Recommended,224500,8281974,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Xil,"For all ""Dwarf Fortress"" fans.Almost the same game, just a bit simpler, with better control over environment and inhabitants and ""real""2D graphics, not just ASCII symbols ;)"
76561198080576278,Recommended,224500,28479200,"Posted: 19 December, 2016",all,Meat Missile,"I love the game, but recently it has been crashing on me a lot. Is this happening for anyone else?"
76561198083762078,Recommended,224500,7041952,"Posted: 14 April, 2013",all,kek,"Still in Beta but shows a lot of promise in the future. As of now the developers need to work on the A.I of the gnomes. Even though I am liking this game thus far, the A.I is making it nearly impossible for me to make it through the beginning stages. I would still recommend this game and I am excited to watch it grow as I did with Minecraft three years ago :)"
,Recommended,224500,2314418,"Posted: 19 June, 2013",all,Siger,Better than Towns
76561198002688923,Not Recommended,224500,13087328,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,D3thcast,"Was awesome when the developer actually cared about the game. Basically he had a strong basis for a game then got tired of working on it - so one day he just said - CONGRATS GUYS - SCREW FIXING GAME BREAKING BUGS! ITS JUST ""FINISHED""!Seriously. I hate early access."
,Recommended,224500,17001332,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,MoonMann,"You know, I'm not sure what to make of this game.It's good, it would be better if this was all that was promised (unfortunately it wasn't...sort of? Like I said, it's odd).The core game itself is what could be described as 'Dwarf Fortress Lite,' so by association it's good if that's what you're looking for in a game; I'd suggest taking a look at Rimworld first though, simply because that game's development is still active, unlike Gnomoria's, unfortunately.That's kinda the big con of this game. It's basically dead, development wise that is; that is not to say it's 'unfinished' though. The game is stuck in this weird grey area where it's basically done, by the developer's own word at least, but the community (most of it that is) says otherwise. I don't know, it's odd.TL;DR-Don't expect updates or bug fixes;-The game is still pretty good as is however;-At least check out other alternatives before purchasing (namely Rimworld)."
,Recommended,224500,4420539,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,Evil Perrin,"Simply perfect Micromanagement ! Awesome.Very complex and many possibilitys.Even with 100+ hours i did just scratch the surface of this game.I'd recommed to buy it even though its ""abandoned"" by the devs.If your digging the concept of games like RimWord, Towns, Dwarf Fortress or any other game in the genre, you will love this game.Major con i.m.o is that its very hard to learn since the UI is kind of complex and lacks of explanation.But in this case, the steam guides and the internet are your firends"
,Recommended,224500,6571196,"Posted: 20 August, 2013",all,SaeDus,"This game is abandoned, yes, but it's pretty good where it's at -- it's not perfect, by any means, but if you like this style, then I would recommend it.Only get this game if you've played Dwarf Fortress and want something with this style instead of that. It gets buggy from time to time, but I sometimes find myself playing and enjoying this game over Dwarf Fortress when I'm in the mood for this style.Do NOT get this game for any other reason than for it's current style. Nothing with it is going to change, but I have yet to check out the modding community."
76561198011007339,Recommended,224500,2682597,"Posted: 13 June, 2013",all,ДԼцƇдЯժ,Dward fortress with nice UI and 3D !!!
,Recommended,224500,11125245,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Banana,This games rocks
,Not Recommended,224500,14977244,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,TheBigBadWolf,This game was pretty hard at the beginning but few hours of trying different things and everything becomes clear. I didn't though that once more in my life I will fall in love with game with such primitive graphic. But I did. This game is perfect for you if you like to discover new things.Update: Developer had abandoned this project. No more EA games for me.
76561198003230578,Recommended,224500,21327036,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Shmubduga,"Uppon recent reconsideration I would recommend it once again. Yes the game is unfinished in some aspects but there is plenty of time that can be spent on this game. It just depends on how creative you are or if you want to install any mods. I hear tacyn's mod is good and adds quite a lot. I have enjoyed every hour I've played on this game, in one aspect or another."
,Recommended,224500,29734018,Posted: 5 February,all,Korbad,"Great game, fun management, combat is awkward."
,Recommended,224500,11173244,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,blender481,"It was night when the Golems attacked. Most of us were asleep. The dying screams of the few who were working late served as our alarm. We rushed to defend the kingdom, but our copper swords and tin armor were little match for the Golems' strength. Through desperation and luck, we managed to kill one, then another. After minutes of battle that seemed a lifetime, eventually the tide was turned and our attackers were once again reduced to piles of miscellaneous items scattered about the floor. As we carried our fallen to their eternal slumber, we heard the cry of alarm rise yet again. Smelling our weakness, the damnable Goblins had come to finish us off. This time, there was no hope. And so ended the story of the Frenzynest Kingdom.10/10"
76561198042705324,Recommended,224500,14535990,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,BunnehBomb,I usually play for a week or two and end up quitting when my colony gets ravaged by goblins in steel armor. Its very sad to see 40+ hours of gameplay go down the drain as angry gobs litteraly tear your villagers limb from limb
,Recommended,224500,7328624,"Posted: 6 October, 2013",all,Yar!,It's addictive and fun.
76561197968380715,Not Recommended,224500,25488135,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Beneath The Wreckage,Dwarf Fortress Abandonware addition.
76561198074727161,Recommended,224500,35500398,Posted: 5 October,all,Kickslc,"I really enjoy the game. I have many many hours in, and still come back to it."
