user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,224600,21265111,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,1v1 Me Nerd,"I started my Defiance experience on the Xbox 360. After putting a considerable amount of time into it, my character had vanished. I contacted Trion support and there was nothing they could do to help me. They insisted they do not save characters on their servers. Which is something I must ask why an MMO does not save character data on the servers.I stopped playing and I moved on. I migrated to PC a few years later and one day decided to pick up defiance again. As you see, I have 160 hours in the game on steam at the time of writing this review. I bought the game long before it went F2P, I also bought one of the DLC expansions. In total I paid the full $60 release price on Xbox, $20 for a steam copy, and $15 for the Expansion that I bought.The rest of the review will show how little their support cares about the customers.Just today, the day of this review, I recieved a notice that I was banned from Defiance. No notice as to why, just a notice telling me I've been banned.So I emailed the support team, asking why I've been banned. They replied with an automated cut and paste statement telling me I've been banned for breaking the terms of service agreement. Still no mention of an actual reason as to why I was banned. Breaking the terms of service is too vague for anyone to understand what went wrong.I reached out this time to an email I recieved on the Defiance forums, which is specifically for people who have been banned and would like to discuss it.(I would like to make a note that in the email with the previously mentioned support team, or in the Defiance launcher, it would be nice to be directed to the ban appeal email address, but both failed to mention it)I emailed this appeal address and the only reply I got was exactly this,""After reviewing pertinent logs, we have determined that the action taken against your account was correct. We will not be reversing relevant suspensions and/or notes applied to your account.""What exactly are these pertinent logs? Logs of what. What was done on my account to cause this ban? This is still a question I have not gotten answered. They refuse to tell me what went wrong and keep replying with vague answers, which leads me to believe they have no real reason for banning me. Only some far cry of a suspicion.I rarely speak in the chat box unless someone is trying to speak to me. So it cant be something I said.I do not cheat, I don't see a point in this game, especially since it's mostly a PVE game, PVP is nearly dead.I do not use a bot, because that's pointless and literally defeats the purpose of playing the game in the first place.In the end I do not recommend this as Trion has shown me that the customer isn't very important to them, and they aren't willing to do what it takes to keep their players happy, especially considering the fact that Defiance is one of their many games that have a very small and decaying playerbase. They never upgrade the servers despite numerous complaints of serious connectivity issues both durring peak hours and low time as well. All they want it to pocket your money and run. As seen by the fact that they keep pumping out low quality MMOs with a sea of microtransactions. Hoping to milk one game as hard as they can and push out another game that's going to be dead on arrival.They danced around my questions and showed no interest in giving me any substantial details on why I was banned. Furthermore they don't listen to the biggest plea from the community. Fix the connectivity issues.Although it is free, I do recommend staying away from this game."
76561198012999860,Not Recommended,224600,13325835,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,ScottyRotten,"Bought this game on release, played it a bit, and then stopped to wait for it to develope a bit more before fully getting into the content. I recently tried getting back into it and what do you know, now it's a f2p. Not only that, but they want me to fork out extensive amounts of money in dlc to get the most out of a game that i paid for and supported in its earlier stages. This is extremely bad form and such a huge dissappointment... Won't ever buy from this team again"
,Recommended,224600,7744080,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,hardy_83,"In short, now that it is F2P it's totally worth at least trying.If you like it, then drop a few bucks to upgrade your account. It's still a solid game and you will most likely enjoy it for what it is.Don't worry about the DLC packs right away.It also uses Rifts F2P model where all major content updates (from here on out) doesn't cost anything, and the store is more vanity/utility. The first seasons DLC still costs money though.It's not the best looking PC game though. Runs easily though because of that.While I experienced bugs at the start, I rarely come across them now.Since the game has come back on Steam as F2P, the servers have basically blown up. I have constant connection issues, but the game is free so still try it out. lolThe connection issues may anger some people though.In terms of graphics, it's fine. Clearly the fact that it was also made for incredibly outdated hardware on the consoles PS3 and 360 didn't help at all.It seems up in the air if the PC version will ever get a graphical upgrade, even just HD textures, so don't expect a pretty game by today's standards.SweetFX helps a lot.For gameplay I think it's actually really good.Looking at PvE it reminds me of Tabula Rasa which I miss SO much, and other third person MMOs like Global Agenda, there hasn't really been an MMO third person shooter with a big persistent world like this since Tabula Rasa.Games like Destiny, Borderlands and others don't have that. So if you like overworlds, that's a plus on this game vs the others.This being pretty much the only one out like that, if you liked the two MMOs I mentioned, you'll like this.It's also similar to Borderlands in terms of getting a constant stream of weapons and how the shooting mechanics work, but Borderlands isn't really an MMO so the similarities end there.The tie-in with the show is superficial at best right now. Season 2 seems to be the same as well, though the new Silicon Valley content links storyline, oddly enough, from thedefiancefew.comwebsiteThe shooting mechanics are good, the powers are good, though more variety of abilities would be nice in the future.You gain ""levels"" by increasing your EGO rating through achievement-like objectives and just getting ""levels"". Due to DLC5 making weapon damage scale to EGO rating now, it's a lot more traditional than it was. However, you can still do all content regardless of EGO rated, and you do get boosted if the difficulty level is higher than you can naturally handle.There is a decent variety of things to do now, with arkfalls, sieges, side quests, story quests, and emergencies.The driving is fun. Just going around the world jumping around on your vehicle, running over enemies can be enjoyable. I really hate the races though, the mechanics are horrible when confined in races.I think the storyline is good, not great, though the cliffhanger is a bit lame.The games chat works more or less like a traditional chat in an MMO now.However, this game also has a pathetically low amount of social interaction compared to other MMOs.No AH or mail system either.For PvP howerver, I would look elsewhere.It's been my stance that any MMO with a PvE overworld and instanced PvP will just never have good PvP. It's impossible to balance, and never will be.If they had just stuck with Shadow Wars (which is fun) and open world PvP, it would've been a lot better, but since it has instanced PvP, there's better games. TF2 is one I can think of off the top of my head and it's free.There is an in-game shop. Most of the stuff is vanity. Overpriced vanity at that.Also in the shop is lock-boxes that can get you weapons and mods, but you don't really need to buy them with cash (they are REALLY overpriced anyways, like $5 a box).You can also get most of the lockboxes in-game with the games currency.There's bag space, I suppose that might be needed for some, but it's not pay to win.However I think the biggest selling point is it's F2P. It's hard not to recommend at least trying it at that price. Especially with no monthly fee and nothing from the overpriced in-game shop item being ""necessary"", you can definitely get your moneys worth, and it's also easy to go back to if you stop playing for a long period of time.I can't really recommend the DLC Season Pass (unless it's on sale for $20, then get it) or packs though, unless you really enjoy the game and want to throw a bit more money at the developer.Not because I think the DLC is bad per say, but that I'm not a fan of the season pass system in this industry.DLC1 Review: DLC1 includes a small quest chain and 5 arenas, in which you go instead and basically just shoot a bunch of mobs for gear and rep.The reputation vendors sells a series of ""charge"" weapons, which are weapons you hold the shot button to charge up, and an energy sword which are basically lightsabers.You can also co-op the arenas now, so if you like doing instances with friends, it might be worth it.DLC2 Review: is far superior to DLC1. The arkbreaks you can call down are pretty fun to do, and there's always people doing them (though recently, it's died down a little due to loot reward issues).Even if you don't own the DLC, which would prohibit you from using the new weapons, it's still a good update.You also get daily/weekly rewards which includes money, resources and a ""battery"" that you use to call down the arkbreak arkfalls.There's also a small quest chain that explains the new stims and boost systems, as well as a small story quest that gets into the arkbreak system.It also lets you equip all the new weapons that drop within arkbreaks. Non-DLC owners can't use them.I'd say DLC2 is worth buying.DLC3 Review: Pass.What you receive for owning this is a samurai outfit, two new blue weapons (a sniper and shotgun) and a title.You also get access to a new vendor and daily/weekly contracts for a new faction.That's it. There's no quests and everything else with the update you can get for free.It's the worst DLC of the five, so you really aren't missing much if you don't get it.The incursion event weapons are tied to this DLC FYI.DLC4: I think it was pretty good. There's no new faction but a new lockbox tied to an already existing reputation.There's a bunch of new story missions which I find good enough, considering how starved this game is for new story.There's 9 new arenas, which can be done co-op, which are okay. I can see them being fun, but I personally don't care for themOwning the DLC gets you access to the new quests, one of the new lockboxes and a title. I think this is slightly better than DLC2, so it is the best so far.DLC5: Get it if you want some Arkforge for altering gear. You get 1k and some other stuff, so worth it if you want that.With the F2P transition, some of the new TV/Game tie-in missions have had the voice actors for the some of the NPCs change. It's by no means horrible, but you will notice and it is pretty jarring, though the updates are free so I can't complain that much.In terms of how the store works, it's basically the same as it was when it was B2P. The game takes Rifts model as opposed to say LOTRO or Secret World where content updates cost money. All Defiance content updates will be free.There is, what I find funny, a ""subscription"" option now in the shop. Which gives you various passive boosts to things like XP/Skill etc, as well as a 10% discount in the store.I find it funny because the game was B2P with no sub option prior to F2P. It's the first F2P transition I'm aware of where a sub option gets added to the game.Is the patron status worth it? That's up to you. Like Rift, it's nice but nowhere near being a ""necessity"""
,Not Recommended,224600,7752088,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Notturno,"I cannot recommend this game in good conscience to anyone. There are broken promises abound, incredibly poor quality updates, and a fundamental lack of understanding at both developer and management level about the game. Between cheating in PvP not being addressed, the shallow content updates, delayed update schedule, and fumblings of even the most basic systems... the game just does not have much going for it.I have hundreds of hours logged into the game because of the old PvP community that has since disappeared. The final straw for me was when 100% damage mitigation was declared a legitimate tactic by the development team, even though it was abusing a very obscure game bug to achieve it.Some other issues with the game, as I perceive them:PvE Content: Overall you are looking at maybe 10-20 hours of story quests, maybe 5-10 hours of races and challenges, and perhaps 5-10 hours of instances.* The main story isn't too bad - mostly your standard MMOG quests. There's some interesting ones here and there, but overall it's an average experience. The final boss fight was actually mildly engaging, but that's probably the only difficulty people will ever face with the game.* Instanced dungeons were fun, but the game encourages repetitious grinding of them. This leads to the limited amount of them becoming stale in short order.* Challenges can be fun, they're probably one of the more enjoyable pieces of content in the game.PvP Content: Used to be okay, now completely intolerable. Due to a damage resistance bug, specific players have an unfair advantage the developers have said they are unwilling to stop. Therefore, players are not on even footing.* PvP queues were altered to allow Shadow Wars (""open world"" PvP) to start faster. This had the consequence of making the instanced PvP maps completely dead, they do not start anymore.* Shadow Wars take place in the open world, which was not designed for PvP. There's a serious lack of cover, dull terrain and paths, poor objective spacing, and are just overwhelmingly disappointing.* The first DLC update came with a new PvP map, which has serious graphical glitches (lighting breaks and makes your screen black), invisible walls that look passable, and a few other issues. Since that map never has enough people in queue, it was never fixed.Updates: Overall very slow to come out due to console restrictions, and sparse on fixes or changes. DLC is slow, vaguely outlined, and often fails to deliver your money's worth in content.* The ""Season Pass"" was supposed to be a one-year, 5 DLC package. As of the time of this review (November 25), only one has been released since April. There is no way all five will come out in a year's time.* The only DLC released was abysmally poor in both quality and quantity. The paid update was supposed to be a multiplayer horde-style arena, but was turned into a 5-wave single player instance. The leaderboards are bugged and constantly reset, making competition pointless. A truck with a mounted turret was scrapped due to technical limitations.* There's a fundamental lack of understanding of how the game works at the developer level. Patches often come in that do not address player concerns, but do the complete opposite of what is requested.* Weapons like the FRC SAW were nerfed due to AI not pressuring players enough, making them the leading weapon for PvE content completion. They were marginal in PvP, and became useless post-patch.Verdict: The game has a great third person shooter mechanics, and that's about all it has going for it. Content is sparse and shallow, with updates not adding enough to sustain interest. Developers seem disinterested and not engaged with what the community wants, which leads to very poor content updates. The PvP is no longer competitive, due to the bugs being abused and general lack of care on the studio's part.I would not recommend purchasing Defiance. If you do decide to buy it against this advice, then I would highly recommend avoiding the Season Pass.If you have any questions about my experience with the game, my review, or anything related, please feel free to leave a comment. I'm happy to discuss anything at all."
,Not Recommended,224600,15916080,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,Odey555,"I bought this game at $60. Later it dropped to $10. NOW the greedy Dev's have made the game pay-to-win by making it free and adding a ton of micro transactions, because they're greedy a-holes.This USED to be good game, used to.2/10"
,Recommended,224600,12694712,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,StinkyBum,"I rate this game 8/10.Even though the game has been riddled with lag, bug, and balance issues, it's still a fun ride.  This game opened me up to Third Person shooters and now I'm always looking for the next one to check out.  The open world may not be as big as some traditional MMO's but it's pretty huge and there is a LOT to do.  It looks great, the combat feels solid, and the variety of weapon choices make it easy to jump in and start playing.One issue that I've had with this game are the balance between vastly different leveled players fighting in close proximity, they have a system to balance things out, but it never seemed to work too well, leaving the lower level player (who may be in the middle of a story mission) running for his/her life instead of fighting on a level playing field.The other issue is endgame content.  The game truly is classless, the class you choose lasts you a good hour at most, then everyone can do everything as they level, but once you max out your skill grid and finish the majority of your persuits, there's not much else to do.  There's really only one tough endgame boss, the Volge Warmaster, and the developers have such a problem figuring out how hard he should be programmed to be that sometimes he's almost completely unkillable, sometimes he's a joke.Complaints aside, I enjoyed the story.  I enjoy the combat and the ability to just run out there and kill things.  The random events that pop up on the map and the co-op missions are fun enough to keep you playing... And the game really does look and sound great.Definitely recommended even amidst it's faults."
,Recommended,224600,10835198,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,CinemaFromage,"Defiance feels like the ultimate tourist MMO.It starts out with seeing the show on TV with the built in commercials.  ""Hey, that place looks shiny and neat!  Looks fun, we should visit!""Then you buy your tickets, take the flight and arrive.  You wander gawking at everything with wide innocent eyes, having zero clue what the hell is going on, but man it looks cool!After a while, you get tired of sightseeing, so you suck it up and decide to dip your toe into the pool, test the waters.  You grab what looks like a quest, studying the map for a minute, make a vague guess as to where you're supposed to go.  You hope on your rented ATV and head out across the country side.As you're riding, you run into what you think are locals.  They're mean and grumpy; they call you names and are zero help.You put up with the angry locals for a day or two as you try and find your way around.  Eventually, you *think* you have a general idea of how the quest system works; you how know how to get to one or two key locations in town.  You know how to avoid the dangerous locals; you stick to the mildly annoying ones.  How you're having some fun getting into minor fire fights, picking up bits and pieces of armor and weapons as souvenirs.  You're amused, you're satisfied.Next thing you know, a week has passed.  You're bored with going back and forth to town and the sections you're familiar with.  Branching out to new areas feels like too much work.  It's been a week; you've had your fun.  Vacations over, time to go home.You uninstall, move on to the next game and tell your friends, ""eh, that games was all right for $5"", and now you feel more connected to Julie Benz every week when you watch the show because ""You've been there"".And that's all right!"
,Not Recommended,224600,15365460,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,SvartSol,"2/10: ""nope.jpg""I defended this game at it's release and was rather involved in it's community. The rumors are 100%  true, though: your actions will never, ever effect the show in any real way.  The story is short, the social chat/guild functions are skeletal and broken, the replay value for the shadow war/dungeon concepts are (only just) arguable and the CS is ridiculously bad. ""EA executive high on bath salts, choking low-rent hookers in front of children during a bender in Vegas"" level bad.I've lost all faith in this publisher - so much so that I actively avoided ArcheAge because of them. Looks like that was justified..."
,Not Recommended,224600,14406049,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,A French School Girl,"Was an amazingly promising MMO not to mention an MMO that intertwined itself with a major TV show. I was in the first beta, played literally the entire weekend start to finish and eventually got an Alpha invite. To this day I can still play on the Alpha servers if I so choose because they left them up for DLC testing. It was awesome for TRION to allow that deep community interaction because it helped me feel like I was a part of the growing process for the game. I watched and played as it grew and it was growing into something amazing.The game hit and I no-lifed the hell out of it. Drilling through all side-quests, main missions and getting some of the best gear. I dropped $180+ on this game because I saw how awesome it was becoming. I finished the story and just sat there like oh... What next? I tried the PvP and that was fun to an extent. A little different than Alpha but still very much the same. I ran around doing ArkFalls and as many side-quests as I could. Still not much to enjoy. By the end of the first season of the show, I had totally forgot about the IP. I stopped playing and stopped caring.I see an ad for Defiance a year later talking about the show coming back for season 2. I was like hey I wonder what the game looks like now with all the DLC. I join in and I'm granted a ♥♥♥♥♥on of bonus items. Like cool, sweet, what about missions? I get a couple mission objectives and I play through some all to find it's just complete rehashings of♥♥♥♥♥♥I played a year ago. There's almost nobody around to play with and ArkFalls are incredibly boring and repetetive.At this point, this game is nothing I can reccomend. I mean sure, jump in for a bit if you know nothing about the series and play for a solid 10 hours and you'll have a blast I'm sure. But once you get about half-way through, everything becomes so bland and nothing starts to feel fun anymore. I'm surprised this game is even getting support really. Just, if you want to, download the client and run around for a bit. Just don't buy anything for it at all. An absolute waste of money."
76561198027615917,Not Recommended,224600,12037475,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Delveling,"This game turned from a fun game at the original launch of free to play on steam where i would have given the game a huge thumbs up..., to massive grind and (huge-pay-for-convenience-allignment) after the silicon valley patch..... and after this point, i can not in good faith give this game anything but a thumbs down.Lockboxes price increase incredibly and what you previously pre-silicon-valley patch earned for events/missions/general rewards was reduced by around 80%.To add to this the stability of the game is terrible with lag and disconnects is a very common problem.When you get to 4-5k level your orange weapons need a lot of arkforge to upgrade and you simply can not earn enough through normal playing in any reasonable amount of playing for 1 weapon let alone the mulitple you need for different combat scenarios.  You can of course buy arkforge from the shop though..... (which is really expensive IMHO)Another side note which is purely something that irked me, the time trials are required for advancing to the top levels, if you are not REALLY good at racing games, then you will not get a lot of pursuit points due to the requirements in the persuits for leveling.Conclusion if you wanna have a shoot around for a bit and are not interested in getting far, its fun and i would suggest this as something fun to do.... HOWEVER... if you wanna play seriously and get up to the high levels, you need a LOT of time for grind or a LOT of money for convenience ."
76561198006535442,Not Recommended,224600,16128068,"Posted: 1 June, 2015",all,Shadow,"A great game until your reach the point of the experience cap, not the level cap. This means that until you reach the experience cap you can play the game as you like and enjoy the game on your terms. You can use the weapons you like and play the events in game that you enjoy.Once you hit the experience cap however the game turns into a major boring grind. In order to advance yourself to the level cap you will be required to complete pursuits (specific goals in order to obtain part of a level). This quickly becomes monotonous as you no longer are playing the game on your terms, you are not doing things you enjoy as you already completed all the pursuits from the things you enjoyed on your way to the experience cap.In my opinion this is a terrible game design. Players should not be forced to do races, pvp, hunt for data recorders etc... to advance their progression if that's not what excited them to play the game to begin with. If you are someone who does not like pvp why should you be forced to do pvp events just so you can reach the level cap? If you are a pvp lover why would you want to spend weeks running around looking for data recorders just so your character can progress?To summarize, this game is wonderful while you are able to play it how you like and progress your character doing things you enjoy. once you have reached the experience cap it quickly becomes a chore and monotonous to a large degree as the grind to reach the level cap is made up of tasks you avoided along the way. I cannot recommend the game to people as I believe that games should be fun from beginning to end, not just the first half."
,Not Recommended,224600,18436791,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Yanni,"Bought the game, then it became free, they gave us who bought the game nothing to compensate, literally, nothing, so we basically bought a free to play game for no reason."
,Not Recommended,224600,12735617,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Monkie,"~~ the comments here are loads of fun, read them to see a publisher sockpuppet get pwned ~~TL;DR - Selling a game to someone and then taking it away without them violating the agreement is THEFT, these developers are THIEVESif you have had a similar issue, by all means, post your own review as well, this will create a chorous of voices screaming to any potential buyer, DON'T!after not having played for about 3 or 4 months, my account got bannedan account i paid to have before it went free to playit was marginally enjoyable as a mmo fps gamebut, getting something i paid for taken away without reason or explanation is really not cool(i emailed asking why i was banned about two weeks ago and have not gotten a reply)add that level of customer disservice to a mediocre game and you get a clear recipe for NOPEnope nope nope nope"
,Not Recommended,224600,13116815,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,CAPGames,"When the game released it was ok, i pre-ordered it and bought the season pass. after a while it went free to play now all i got was 30 days patron status no matter that i did pre order and i even bought the season pass. if i knew it was going to end up Free to play i would never have bought the game or the season pass.The gameplay has not improved and the DLC is not worth buying. the Beta oversold the story line as after the point in the storyline you could get to it just went down hill.Multiplayer content is nothing new and gets boring fast.imo if you dont mind being treated like♥♥♥♥♥♥then play the game, the customer support is one of the worst"
,Recommended,224600,17019783,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,SonsOfLiberty86,Paid $60 for game then game went free to play.10/10
,Not Recommended,224600,20406742,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Minnesotastyle,"I bought this game for $60 awhile back. It was fun if you played with a few buddies. The quest are quite repetitive. What truly disappoints me is that those who paid a good deal of money for this game did not get compensated at all when it went free to play. Anything would of been nice, in-game perks or cosmetics. We received nothing at all. It goes to show that this game developer doesn't care for its loyal fan base."
,Recommended,224600,8444471,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Fomdoo,"Very fun for little money.  Not much to do besides grind for levels (ego rating) and gear, but is still very entertaining.  My friends and I refer to it as MMO Borderlands."
,Not Recommended,224600,16980502,"Posted: 10 July, 2015",all,suueedoo,"Bought game, it became free.♥♥♥♥."
76561197991258260,Recommended,224600,12314250,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,apocryphalbob,"I have spent many years playing MMO's and gotten heavily into the whole Guild/Clan/Corp and group activity side of things, but now find myself tired of the constant demands on my time and energy for what is supposed to be a ""Game"". And thats not to mention the ott drama's that go with it.For that reason I find Defiance a joy to play.Jump in and out at any time and find lots of stuff to do but never need to set alarm clocks or meet schedules or get heavy in any way at all. Just easy come easy go fun stuff.I watched the tv series and enjoy it but do not play the game for fanboy reasons, I considedr that to be just a bit of spice in the mix.Yes there are bugs and glitches, yes you can be annoyed at things that mess up your progress, but I try not to sweat the small stuff, and in the end, it's ALL small stuff. Just a game.Trion have been regularly adding updates and dlcs that give new and more ingame choices, and while the server population varies at times of the day and times of the year, I almost always find other people ingame to join in with shooting♥♥♥♥♥♥up and chasing more pursuits.I like chasing the pursuits, collecting the gear and outfits, beating the challenges and driving all the different vehicles. It's fun.A lot of people compare this with Borderlands and say its not as much fun, but I don't like Borderlands, found it redious and annoying so hey, horses for courses I guess.Oh well, anothe Buck, another day in the Suck."
,Recommended,224600,6989389,"Posted: 18 September, 2013",all,NEKOBASU,"Ignore all the circlejerk hate about this game being ""crap"" ""lonely"" ""pathetic"" etc. It is an amazing open world MMO which doesn't require a subscription. At the time of me posting this there is major changes in their staff and their new staff are working their♥♥♥♥♥off to bring us the best possible experience, at an even lower price!As for the ""lonely"" and ""no one plays it"" that's just an out lie. Just yestarday I was in a major arc-fall (you will see what i mean when you get the game :P) that 500-1,000 people must have been at. The servers also do an amazing job of not ♥♥♥♥ing up with that many people only loading what you need or what to see or what is in your area if there is not that many.If you do get this, or even if you don't, i recommend watching the Show on ""SyFy"" channel :) It's brilliant :D...9.8/10"
,Not Recommended,224600,7899561,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Amatyultar,"Very disappointed with this game. I bought for me and my gf because we are big fans of the show but sadly it fails to deliver. The character customization is bad, the story is bad, the missions are extremely generic... The pc port is not thought-out at all, lacking even the necessary hotkeys for standard actions, like shifting between loadouts (equipment) or even opening some of the menu tabs. The worst thing of all though is that although the game is advertised as ""pay-once"" it really operates like a free-to-play rpg, even more so than other f2p rpgs like Tera. Most of the cool things in the game you have to pay extra money to purchase and even when you create a character, out of the THREE (seriously, why create such a great story with more than nine races just to make three available?) playable races you can only play two, human or irathient, unless of course you pay an extra 10 (!) euros to be allowed to play a castithan. Well done guys.It really plays like a half-finished, free-to-play bad Borderlands ripoff. Wish someone had told me all this before I gave them my money. Or I had played a demo."
,Not Recommended,224600,8047025,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Warlock Beta,"Total failure from launch.I was one of those people who bought it early on at launch price.This has kept having massive price drops since then.There were tremendous glitches with the released game that were reported but never fixed from the alpha and beta test.Then there was the numerous accounts of cheating.  Trions fix was to weaken each weapon as it was constantly used for that.  They really should have never had client side calcualations for these things to begin with.  That makes it just too easy to send altered data instead of the real stuff.Then every time they fixed something they broke 2 others......and often didn't even fix what they released a patch to fix.  I don't even want to hear the term Freight Yard ever again.  I can't count the number of times they re-released it as fixed only to remove it again because they didn't fix it correctly.After that is the constant number of times the first DLC was delayed.  Not to mention the ambiguous remarks of content to come.  You can't promote something by simply saying ""it's something big"" or ""look forward to it"".  Give actual details.For storyline there were constant contradictions with it's side to side TV series.In all this game relied too much on the TV series.  I truly don't expect this game to fare too well for an extended period longer."
,Recommended,224600,10475531,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,TheDailyDino,"!!! DEFIANCE !!!Defiance gives a completely fresh and new to the MMO-Shooter genre, With its focus primarily on PvE content. There is a large amount of content that the player is able to experience within Defiance, in a very large open world environment. Their dynamic content is extremely fun to play, using the RIFT/Guild Wars 2 Event content and twisting it to fit this new environment. The ground breaking link between game and TV show is a very interesting idea and it will be great to see how this progresses.I feel that the overall gameplay of Defiance is extremely polished and fun to play. It makes it easy for someone who is used to MMO’s who doesn’t normally play shooters feel right at home. MMO’s are my favoured genre and I found it easy to get in to and enjoy Defiance, not typically being a shooter player. This could be due to the simple and easy to follow tutorial in the game.However, there are certain shooter features which are sorely lacking in Defiance, prominent ones being the lack of a prone option, as well as no active cover options, like hugging and popping out from behind a wall. Addition of one or both of these would be a valuable addition to the game and could make the game play even more interesting. Furthermore, I personally dislike the camera view, I have never been fond of the ‘over the shoulder’ camera as to me it makes aiming feel wrong, and doesn’t seem like you are really aiming as the character, I would feel more comfortable with a true third person camera angle, from behind the character, or first person. The UI also feels rather clunky and less than intuitive on PC, having clearly been built primarily with consoles in mind.The fact that Defiance has been released on PC, Playstation 3 and Xbox 360 will allow for people of both the MMO and shooter fan bases all coming together in a single game. Though, of course, these platforms will all be playing separate from one another (sadly). I would expect that the consoles will see more of the shooter fan base, and as such more PvP action. However, on PC I would expect that the game will be played more by the MMO fan base, and as such I would think that the PvP experience would be a little sparser.Having said that, Defiance has two options available to aid with initiating PvP, there is the typical small scale instanced battles that MMO players will be well attuned with, as well as a large open world PvP option known as the shadow war. The shadow war allows players to fight one another and claim control of territory, the more people who join the battle, the larger the area of combat becomes. Also, as more people join the shadow war more vehicles become available for use, some of which will include weaponry to aid in combating your adversaries. This could be an extremely fun way to play PvP and fight against your fellow players, rather than alongside them.I feel that Defiance is a great game and should at least be given a chance by both the MMO players and shooter players out there. It really is revolutionary to the genre, linking the game in with a TV show and all of the dynamic content available. It is also very refreshing to see an MMO-Shooter which focuses on PvE rather than PvP. I look forward to seeing how this progresses, and whether both the game and TV show will be able to endure together.- XeroSyphon"
76561198033515282,Not Recommended,224600,12373539,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,LadyMilla,"UPDATE: The lag issues seem to have been fixed. I logged on recently to play it for a couple of hours: it is either that the game is in its usual state of hybernation between two Defiance seasons on SyFy or the devs indeed found and fixed the cause of the lag issues, but I was able to beat a major in-game event without lag problems.Since Steam does not offer a neutral rating option, let me just say:- As a long term investment, I do not recommend this game. Myself, I learned my lesson the hard way, spending way too much time on a game that had a promising start with decent story content that tied in pretty well with the SyFy series, but failed to realize its potential. With more than 1000 hours of gameplay all I can say is 'hope dies hard'.- As a casual, Choice #2 game that you can play while waiting for the next BIG one... why not? It's free (unless you plan to invest into Epic Lockboxes) so if that's all you want then jump right in.Just do not get your hopes up, take everything the devs say with a pinch (or, actually, a bucket) of salt and it will be fine.Review summary:This game is plagued by horrendous lag issues that the developers are unable to fix, and which will only get worse as they are about to introduce new content without eliminating the root cause of lag.Gameplay is badly affected by controversial development decisions, too much reliance on the random number generator instead of creativity, decline in the quality of story missions.Before you try this game I strongly suggest that you check the Defiance forums athttp://forums.defiance.com/forumdisplay.php?3-General-Discussionand read some of the posts.In game activities:The game activities include various events like minor and major arkfalls (spaceship wrekage crash landing in the game world: players need to fight mobs to win the event and claim the loot), sieges, incursions, races, so call hotspot challenges (you need to massacre a bunch of mobs while watching and keeping your score multiplier up by killing mobs before the multiplier resets), daily and weekly contract jobs, normal and expert co-op maps, PvP maps and a so called Shadow War that is more or less a phase open world PvP event. Also, there is a story mission (Season 1, Season 2) and episode missions, plus various arenas (like the hotspots these are also score multiplier based shoot'em up events).(Caveat: if you decide to try the racing challenges, be prepared. Your racing experience can be ruined by the ""disappearing vehicle"" bug (yep, the vehicle sometimes vanishes for no apparent reason), plus race tracks are not phased or instanced, and hostile mobs can spawn on you and crash you while you are hoping to finally get that gold ranking that you need for one of the achievements. Some people welcome the presence of hostile spawns as an additional challenge, others consider it an unnecessary source of frustration: losing due to lack of practice/skills is one thing, losing due to a bad game design decision is something different.)Story and episode missions: while the story and episode missions for Season 1 were fun (lots of cutscenes, even including in-game copies of some of the lead characters from the TV series), Season 2 was pretty much a major letdown. Trion went cheap on the amount of cutscenes, there are much less of them compared to Season 1, and in some of the DLCs all you get is reading datapads or listening to some mission updates via your EGO implant.End game content:The only real end-game boss is the Warmaster, but you cannot create raid groups and even if you are grouped you can be easily dumped into a different instance, plus Trion nerfed the loot drop so much that currently it is a waste of time instead of a manageable challenge. (Extremely dedicated clans can still down the beast, but it requires meticulous arrangements).Cash store:You can buy a outfits (usually recoloured mash-ups based on a few basic variants), vehicles, various boosts (xp, score, reputation boost), lockboxes (that contain random selection of  weapons). The same lockboxes can be bought in-game for keycodes that you can earn by scoring high at major events (arkfalls, sieges, etc.). If you bought DLC 5 (Arktech Revolution), you can also buy Arkforge that you can use to upgrade your weapons (both rarity and rating).Lag, lag, lag, lag... and more lag:Still the game would be fun if it weren't for the lag. The lag is so bad that you can log in, do some solo mission without issues, but as soon as you try to participate in a siege or arkfall event (where the turnout is usually pretty high), you'll get de-synced from the server (which means that you'll see frozen mobs and players, or players who are still running around and shooting things you cannot see; your weapons do no damage, you cannot pick up loot drops, switch weapons, etc.) and after a while you'll either get disconnected with a critical timeout error or you can run around in an empty game world until you finally force-close the game or the server decided to miraculously re-sync you when the number of major events drop to a certain level and it can again handle the load.While the developers made some efforts recently to remedy a few cricital gameplay and balance issues, it is clear that Defiance is a despised stepchild of Trion. Support is so bad, it may take weeks to get a reply to your support tickets (or you need to complain loudly on the forums/contact the Community Managers). If you do not buy anything from their cash store, you are not entitled to chat support. Server issues are barely noticed and handled by the staff on weekends.In nutshell, after a decent start this game is now on a backburner. Trion will obviously keep the game running in order to meet their contractual obligations, but Defiance is definitely not a development priority."
,Not Recommended,224600,12070876,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,FullMetalValkyr,"Pros:-gunplay is as fun as any third person shooter, nice change in an mmo-vehicles and the physics are pretty funCons:-no character gear, all clothing is for aesthetics - massive deal breaker-confusing level system-repetitive mission types-story is good in the show but doesn't tie well into the game-not much going on for skill system"
76561198035572796,Not Recommended,224600,12397343,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,htd,"This USED to be a good game. Now you can barely play and can't get support. I am unable to log in due an authenticator issue. The newly added Glyph launcher (a completely useless, ever updating, advert-spamming game launcher) insists I enter an authenticator code ... even though I never set one up.It takes months (literally) for support to contact you about anything, and then it's some automated crap asking if the problem has fixed itself magically, because it's been open for so long. I paid for this game, but I can't even log in to play anymore.Don't spend money on it. Ever since it went F2P - massive lag spikes and increased support response times.My advice:Do not pay for any software from Trion. Let others pay for it.Then when they open it up to F2P, come play for free at other peoples expense.Act like a total knob in the game, run hacks, cheats, etc. There really is no downside that way.Enjoy"
,Recommended,224600,10349777,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,👌 Dukhat,"(This review needs an update, due to it being outdated)This game belongs in the pantheon of great Shooter/RPGs/MMOs!.You could definitely see it as a fine working mixture of (in order of)Borderlands/Halo/PlanetSide 2/RAGE.The world is quite large & encourages you to explore it, there are a lot of random events such as saving troopers, helping take out enemies, races, Arkfalls (in orbit decaying Alien/Votan 'ship parts', that have technology which is valuable - in the game it's rare weapons & more, that crash down to Earth with a type of enemy usually occuping it's vicinity once it 'landed', that are scavenging it) & much more.Suffice to say, there is a healthy amount of content, which has been significantly improved since it's initial release (April 2 - 2013). The game is 95% PvE oriented, with the remaining 5% being a ""Shadow War"" PvP type mode in which players compete for point control, often granting things like the aforementioned Arkfalls.The graphics are extremely decent for an MMO, and should run smooth on most machines/setups, even during large player amounts. Of course, using the control panel of the GPU to enhance the it further - can never hurt, I'd recommend adding extra anti-aliasing at least.The character creator is quite weak, not having sliders or anything of the sort, only pre-determined eyes, face build, lengths etc. Although there are 3 races to choose from which are Humans, Irathients & Castithans. Irathients being more feral & spiritual-minded, whilst Castithans are the more 'civilized' of the 2, although you NEED to buy the Castithan Charger DLC to be able to choose the Castithan race. (I recommend getting all DLC, in the form of the season pass).There are LOT of weapons & types in it, comparable to Borderlands - there is every weapon you can imagine, also Alien AKA 'Votan' weapons & you can also add weapon modifications (that also change the visual appearance of the weapon), and there are types like Electricity, Poison, Fire etc..The main story missions & side missions are very numerous, especially when owning all DLC. But you will often find yourself doing those Arkfalls, which is highly enjoyable & quite rewardable.This is probably one of the best MMO shooters that I have ever played.Now that it's Free2Play I highly recommend everyone to try it out.Also if possible, watch the TV series (it's like Game of Thrones but Sci-Fi based).Personal score: 8/10Best regards,Dukhat"
,Not Recommended,224600,33317959,Posted: 6 July,all,VoodooHandbag,"I have played this since the Beta and yet, here we are 4 years downthe line and the game is *still* riddled with bugs and lag issues.The Devs are blithely ignoring fixing it, instead they are trying everyversion of 'pay to win' imaginable.There is more action in the microtransactions than the (old) idea ofgathering arkforge and levelling up.Of course their RNG is rubbish, so you get digital rubbish for real worldmoney.More and more hasty decisions are being made by the devs- always at the expense of the (dwindling) playerbase.If you have already played it, log in, keep your clannies companyand keep playing.If you're looking for a fresh play experience, then pass this puppy by.On no account buy anything in real money:there's a pathetic ROI in this game!"
,Not Recommended,224600,34790433,Posted: 7 September,all,Sykes72,"I bought this game at release  and instantly  fell  in love with it  playerd nonstop  for 24 hour  much to my wifes annoyance but she understood  it was DEFIANCE   i loved  the show and being part of the universe  there was a dream come true ....  then  the dream  slowly turned into a nightmare   lag spikes   game freezes  * servers are unavailable at this time  please visit  XXXX  for more informationBut i continued on  it was still defiance   then  the DLC  came out   and then  friends left   the weapons  armors  vehicles   were all the same  there was useless  dlc  ( that i purchased  hey  i wanted to support Defiance)Then  slowly  the greed and disinterest  of the developers reared  its ugly head    i was banned   ( appealed  and the ban was removed )Lost my characters  that i had had  from the start of the gameLost items that were  * can only be used on one character *  when the character disappeared   when i asked for help  got a generic   theres nothing we can do email  with the slap in the face of  * you will have to BUY  THE ITEMS AGAIN   if you want them *Sorry  theres no way that i can recommend a game from  developers that is only out to rake in as much money as they can before this game  is slowly dragged into the voidThis game WAS Great   it was fun , engaging  , challenging ,enjoyable    but unfortunately  it no longer is   there was suchgreat  potental  in this game  but its been lost   and now  its a shadow of its former selfits with a heavy heart i say  leave this one  on the shelves  its just not worth it IMHO"
,Not Recommended,224600,15499781,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Jo Black,"When it was good, it was good. When it was bad, it was horrible.Having put far too much time into this game, all I can say at this point is that a MMOFPS needs to have less game-breaking updates, and more sustained group experiences beyond the random pick up group.Pass on this, at this point, and try something else that is a more concretely designed squad based game; someday your MMOFPS prince will come, this meanwhile is a bit lackluster."
,Not Recommended,224600,17674786,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Reizla,"Definace in itself is a pretty neet shoorter/MMO game. But when you look at the game and how it connects to the series and how much 'Free2Play' the game it, I really would not recommend it.The only thing Defiance shares with the series is the name and general settings. Okay, you start with Nolan and his adopted daughter in the San Fransisco Bay area (were they not in the Defiance area in the series?), but that's basically all that connects this game to the series. YOU WILL NEVER REACH DEFIANCE ITSELF! IMO they basically could have ditched the whole Defiance series link and just made it a generic non-IP shooter.Then Free2Play... I've bought the game when it was still Buy2Play and because of that I have certain 'benefits'. Heck, I have even bought the season pass, but by now the greed of TRION almost made those purchases pretty much void. With the latest patch I have gained limits to my daily and weekly gain of a lot of major (currency) items that I need to progress through the game. This means that upgrading my gear will be slowed down by at least 75%, and it's the gear upgrades that are so important in the game. And though I have a higher limit on those gains because I've purchased Defiance and the season pack, I really can't imagine how bad it'll be when you're a 100% free player.An other thing that bugs the hell out of me is the ca$h $hop. It has so many overpowered and game breaking items in it (mainly in lockboxes so you have to gamble on what you get to start with) that the PvP aspect of the game has become heavily Pay2Win!In general, it's a good game, but as usual the greed of TRION has made the game unplayable, unless you either subscribe to the game (what's the use of a free game then) or are willing to spend a lot on the ca$h $hop"
,Not Recommended,224600,31669731,Posted: 10 May,all,Lolibot,"*sigh* trion trion trion....you know, i had high hopes for this game. i even bought it BEFORE it was free to play. this was before i knew what trion as a company was and how horrible their business practices were. this company is here for one reason only, money, they care about nothing else. not you, nor i. if you arent a benefit to them, they have no issues getting rid of you. if someone is cheating in such a way that is bringing them more money like in, ya know, archeage where you can have as many accounts as you like to give yourself an edge. you remember archeage right? the biggest pay to win mmo of all time? here's the problem with trion.1. the games are not bad, in fact they are good. just good enough that you are willing to shell out extra cash for it.2. if you want to get ANYwhere in the games they make, you must be willing to part with your wallet.3. if you have a customer service issue, good LUCK getting any assisstance4. talk bad about them, their game, or anything at all, they will ban you, outright. no rhyme or reason, just, bye bye now. i'll likely get banned for this review, not like i care.this game, like archeage, could have been great.....if another company had something to do with it."
,Recommended,224600,23050051,"Posted: 17 May, 2016",all,Tanvaras -SPG Walords DLC is out,"Have had Defiance a long time now and never thought about a review of it. (Was to busy playing it)I bought Defiance back when it was buy to play, It was fun. Lots of people everywhere, insane amount of weapons, vehicles and so fourth. The game has a few DLC's some are worth it some are only if you really want them. As much as I do enjoy playing (still playing as of today) the player base has fallen a lot. Where I used to see 100's of players I now see a handful, but Trion are still supporting the game and its enjoyable.For Free to Play, nothing wrong with downloading and giving it a go, got nothing to lose other than some internet data :)Skia Dela'Morte - Insane Castithan Homicidal Killer of Defiance!"
,Not Recommended,224600,22466469,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Bang Doll,"Although the lore is interesting, and the companion Sci-Fi TV show isn't half-bad, the overall game gets boring quickly. The missions are repetitive ""go here, kill this"" type missions, and they never change. And that's just the primary ""storyline"" missions, the secondary ones are even worse.After a while, there's not much else to do. Complete missions to get small bits of story. Do secondary missions to grind RNG drops for decent gear. The co-op gameplay isn't bad, but even then there aren't a lot of them, even after all the expansions Trion has made for the game.I can't comment on the PvP, it might be worth it if that's your thing. But, I never cared much for PvP in MMORPG's."
,Not Recommended,224600,31555038,Posted: 5 May,all,[F!] Aldershot,"I paid over $100 when it was originally released for the best edition. Now that it's free 2 play, the original paying costumers get nearly nothing in return. They couldn't even give us one of the F2P bundles as some sort of compensation.The game also fails on almost every promise. The show was bad, and even at it's peak, failed to tie into the game in any significant way. The gameplay itself is boring and lack luster.There is no saving grace for this game. It's just awful. Don't waste your time."
,Not Recommended,224600,9831524,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,[Evil Inc.]Drakkon,"Do not buy this game, I got it on the steam sale when it was $5 and because i enjoy the show. After playing for a bit i intially enjoyed the game given it's set backs of a plethora of glitches and bugs. Such as my vechicle randomly de-spawning as i'm driving along and leaving me stranded in the middle of a mob of enemies, weapons randomly dissapearing from my loadout then re-apperaring later at a random moment. But most notibly is the Trion Dev's SHAMELESS push to almost force you to buy their in game currency called Bits with real money or else your progression is slowed to a SCREECHING halt after the recent DLC, Number 5 called Arktech Revolution. This dlc, changed the game so that eneimies are now so redicously over powered, you would have to spend about $200-$500 real money to power up your weapons and armor just to survive as they also nerfed drop rates to an absymally low rate.Do not buy this game, do not support Trion.  Go spend your money on something else...Anything else. Literally. Anything else."
76561197963263148,Not Recommended,224600,22035471,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Jukes 4 Days,"hmmmm. So I played it when it cost money, and it sucked then.  I played it when it was F2P, and never got anything for having bought the game before it wentF2P...what?Nothing...Trion, not only does your customer service suck, you do nothing to compensate people who paid money for your game.  Good day to you sir."
,Not Recommended,224600,33320600,Posted: 6 July,all,krypta/kaveiras,1 word trion
76561198013090083,Not Recommended,224600,34810815,Posted: 8 September,all,Not Flaccid,I forgot this game even existed until it cropped up on my steam store page as a suggestion.Wait but didn't I purchased this game at release? .. oh yes I did but then they stabbed all the paid players in the back by making it F2P with no real bonus for the original players and then started pumping out paid DLC's.Would not recomend this game or anything by Trion if this is their standard of service.
,Not Recommended,224600,7797381,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Maximum Sloth,"As much as I would love to recommend this game, I can't.The gameplay is repetitious and extraordinarily dull. The story is, well, boring..the quests are common fare for MMORPGs, they get, again, repetitive quickly. The idea of, essentially, ""rifts""(sound familiar?) in the world that all players have to join to close was cool originally, but there's zero variety in how the scenarios play out- Blast hellbugs, kill queen, repeat.  If Trion wanted to make a new MMO, they could have at leasted evolved their ideas a bit.Another issue is that the weapons don't feel powerful when you shoot them. It feels like you're clicking and boom - burst of color, bad guy dead. Not satisfying in the least.Loot? Well, guns and a smattering of armor. Nothing really stood out. That leads me to another point - The game's presentation feels horribly bland after about an hour of play. After an hour, you have essentially beheld all the environments within the game, barring minor variations.Leveling up and skills? Really basic, not many options, not much class diversity. I had no urge to keep doing quests and closing rifts, as the rewards for doing so, and leveling up, were underwhelming.I had hoped that this would be a great sci-fi MMO game, but it's not. It's mediocre, at best, just like the show it's named after."
76561198042678414,Not Recommended,224600,9868157,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,LiteyBot,"440 hours was loving the game. While almost everything was lacking the certain somthing but still was rather solid. There is a reason why I have put in 440hours however the problems have shown their face with the most recent ""DLC"".For starters this so called DLC really adds next to nothing new to the game but rather fully reworking the AI and difficulty systems that the game once had making this ""DLC"" more of a major patch. Now normally a combat rework is a good thing depending, but this one was made to give end game content that little bit more and make it so your level actually ment more then a simple e-peen status but in doing this Trion has managed to make the game near impossible for low-mid level players.How the combat system works is that depending on what your and your freinds combined ego rating is depends on the threat level of the area you are in is. Now the problem with this is the MASSIVE divide it has driven between lower and higher level players. This means that if your level is only 20 and a ego 5,000 comes by it will instanly jump the area threat level to 10 (the highest) and then it will take that level 20 his entire ammo load (ammo load not clip) to even have a chance to kill 1 mob while having to be dodging for his life as he will be 1 shotted.This is a major problem and has already driven the masses out of the game but there is worse to come. Being a mid level player (like myself) ego ~3,000 and every zone you enter the threat level is 7. Issue here is that at ego 3,000 there is no real weapon part from maybe a ground punder or sniper that can kill a mob without using an entire clip. BTW these are just normal mobs not bosses.... Also the fact that after spending 440 hours in the game to build up my gear and was hitting 1st in alot of world events only to have most of my gear now useless is a real off putting experience.End result from this last ""DLC"" Trion seems desperate and seems more like a big -give us money and get lost- kind of deal rather then a -This is for the players- like it should be. The population of the game has plumated and i don't see a near recovery but what i do see is a game in desperate need of fixing or it will go under fast."
,Not Recommended,224600,22465287,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Joolz,I paid £39.99 for this when it first came out. During launch week their servers were overloaded and I had the launcher open for 20 hours without out the d/l actually finishing. I asked for a refund but didn't get one. Now it's free. ♥♥♥♥ Trion.
,Recommended,224600,9717099,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,ownosourus,"Defiance is something of an anomaly in the MMO space. It is at once massively multiplayer, a third-person Shooter, and an Action-RPG in the vein of Borderlands. Its setting and story are also tied to a Syfy network television show that could markedly increase the game's depth. Defiance is also daring. As the first MMO to launch simultaneously on PC and consoles, it claims a first for the genre. In short, the game ventures into unproven yet well inspired territory. The question, then, is whether Defiance ever actually develops into something unique and worth returning to. The answer is yes but with some caveats.You play the role of an Arkhunter: a souped up, AI-enabled treasure hunter. Your “goal” is to search out alien technology to help return the world to its former, pre-alien invasion state. Very little is explained as the game opens. All you know is that you are returning to Earth on a space freighter and are shot down. But from where and by who? You meet a scientist with an “Ark Core” and he explains that it will help him restore the planet, but how it will do so is left a mystery. When you crash land, the pieces start to come together, but ever so slowly.As you progress through the game's story missions, the shroud begins to lift but it feels drip fed and late. The narrative in Defiance attempts to emulate the bread crumb model of television delivery, flush with mission-based cutscenes and full voice acting, but without background it feels hackneyed.On the surface, Defiance looks much like any other sci-fi shooter. Your travel by foot, ATV, or car, meeting soldiers and survivors in a terra-formed and nearly unrecognizable San Francisco Bay. You kill mutant soldiers and Hellbugs and, if you're anything like me, occasionally take your vehicle on a bit of a tear and launch yourself from hillsides. Then the RPG-inspired and elemental-tinged weapons appear, and you begin to notice the masses of other people chipping away at missions, and the similarities begin to shed.Defiance’s two key selling points are its vast array of weaponry and its dynamic content. As you venture through the game, you will come across firearms ranging from pistols to LMGs and grenade launchers. Many of these have special attributes such as damage-over-time modifiers or stuns. The “infector” for instance, is an automatic pistol that causes parasites to burst from fallen enemies. My current favorite, is a shotgun that electrocutes my enemies, snaring them for a few extra blasts.Arkfalls are the most prominent form of dynamic content. Similar to RIFT's rifts. In these random public events, rocks fall from the sky and waves of enemies swarm forth culminating in a final boss battle. At the end of these, all participants are ranked on a leaderboard and rewarded by contribution. Sometimes Arkfalls come in sets throughout a region requiring that you defeat several in a row. As you venture through the world, you may come across other, more subdued events, such as saving a group of ranchers from raiders or an EMT vehicle from a mutant ambush.At its core, Defiance follows a traditional MMO progression model, notably lacking levels and classes. Completing missions earns experience and money which are then used to upgrade and outfit your character. In lieu of rating players by level, Defiance uses something called an EGO rating with which you unlock perks. In practice this system is simply levels by another name. Players still receive power boosts at regular intervals. Perks can also have a profound impact each player's aptitude on the battlefield.Defiance uses engaging episode missions to advance the story. These feature characters from the show with full voice acting and cinematic storytelling. You will infiltrate bunkers, take over cell towers, plant tracking devices to find lost citizens or wipe out Hellbugs that have infested farmer's fields. The missions are varied, entertaining, and make the game worth playing. Side missions are a different story. They are plainly excuses to get you into combat. Often located on the side of the road, you kill mutants or bugs or tag dead bodies. They are disappointingly repetitive and if the shooting model were any worse, I would have called them boring.Challenges, however, are unique. These missions are instanced, objective-based, and repeatable with the goal of earning a high score on the leaderboard. Playing well rewards you with experience and money but the real allure is asynchronous competition. Tasks generally require killing enemies against a timer, surviving waves with a special weapon, or racing vehicles through checkpoints. Although fun, challenges seem more like a diversion than a core gameplay feature.Competitive multiplayer works well, even if it is disappointingly sparse. As with many MMOs, there are some balance issues that players have to deal with. Leveling players will naturally be at a disadvantage to those with higher EGO ratings but the differences aren't game-breaking. A skilled beginner could trounce an unawares veteran but at the most basic level, a more experienced player simply has more perks and better gear.While Defiance nails its most important qualities, it misses others entirely. Trion earns the record of being the first MMO launch to launch simultaneously on three platforms, but in order to accomplish that feat there is an unmistakable feeling that the PC version is an afterthought. There are bugs, missing features, and a user interface that feels cut and pasted from its console edition. To put it in perspective, Trion Worlds is the same company that sold RIFT by trumpeting their vast MMO experience. Even though the development teams are different, this paltry port job is inexcusable from a publisher who has told us, literally, that they know better.ESC key to open the main menu actually closes the game for some players. The game can be unresponsive or even minimize itself. Core features are missing, such as the ability to take a screenshot or open an actual mission log. Even something as basic as chat is far from functional. Quests glitch, often with NPCs getting stuck on terrain. Enemies spawn in odd, out of the way places. Trion has taken steps to correct some of these issues but many still remain.At its core, Defiance is an exceptionally fun game but its shortcomings can be craterous.Defiance lacks the humor of Borderlands but retains all of the gun-hunting and combat that made that game great but the bugs and interface issues are a problem. Patches will surely address these but that does not take away from the fact that the game suffers for its week-one presentation. Even with the solid core to pick it back up, it may be difficult to convince people to come back. If you can get through its shortcomings, Defiance is well worth a look."
,Recommended,224600,21299832,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,neoVictrix,"Defiance has gone through a few changes since when it was first revealed. For some, the game was lackluster but they enjoyed the three season long TV series. For others, they prefered the game over the show.Either way, there aren't that many third-person MMO shooters available on the market and the game does a decent job of being one of your options. The way you can group up with others as you're doing a mission or world event and leave to do your own thing, all without having to go through the UI to form parties is nice, and how enemy encounters scale based on the number of surrounding individuals is a good mechanic as well.The only thing that'll likely cause new players to have a rocky start is how weapons can have nano effects which allow for more damage based on the type of enemy they're fighting - For example, bio is preferred against enemies with high armor plating while electrical deals the most damage to the shields of an enemy.Besides that, the game is free and can be enjoyed without the DLC. If you choose to get them, you'll have access to a third race, ability to call down arkfalls, and a bunch of minor things that don't really detract from the main game. No harm in giving it a look if you want to shoot things from a different perspective."
,Not Recommended,224600,14189536,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Carefully placed holes in 1,"lmao remember when you actually had to pay 10 bucks for the game when it was good?Man, I miss those 10 bucks."
76561197991169994,Not Recommended,224600,31509360,Posted: 2 May,all,anon751,"At first it was fun, the costs where reasonable, and the content was accessible to everyone (didn't have to be an elitist to get the good stuff). I had lots of fun in this game at this pointbut now...it sucks.Why? It's pay to win, elitists focused (quite hard to get the good stuff), F2P but really expensive (gotta play the lock box lottery and for the most part those boxes are only bought with RL money) to get the good stuff. The ""arcade game"" Hunter Requisitions system was the last nail in the coffin for me. In this system you need to spend hunter tokens to run an instance. A lot of the good gear is locked behind these. They are really hard to do. If your an elitists I'm sure one could only spend a couple tokens, but if you suck be prepaired to fork out the money to buy tokens so you can ""try again and again""."
76561197968882842,Not Recommended,224600,33234652,Posted: 4 July,all,windblade,"atm im voting it down .not because the game is bad to play ,but because of bugs they are unwilling or unable to fix (you pick which one) or the lack of .the hours shown is not what i played but only what i played when i change it to a steam account. I been on this game off and on sence  just after it went live.I'm not going to get into the pro and con list like so many others do I'm just going to voice what I think that need to be look at:1) there no player market in this game , no AH type ,no way to trade loot goods and/or weapons. even though this isn't a bug it is a lack of. there been times i got gear that was close to what i had and wish to trade it only to spam chat for 2 hours and only time i get any  /tell is when i add the words ""free"" or i give up and it hurts me to hit the salvage button. this is probly done to help keep ""gold farmers"" at bay but this also remove a major aspect of a MMO.2) open the map and all of the location icon, even port keys to location are gone, the map is blank. to me this is a major bug seeing that moving around fast to get to location for events is a key part of this game.it also one of the reason i stop paying for parton (subscription).3) in big events other players disapper which in a co-op type event it a major downer seeing people need to help other out. this must be a problem on there end of unable to keep up with 50-70 people in one area , the general lag in this game esp with other players around is also a major let down. if i wanted to play a solo game i buy single player game.theses are just some key points i have problems with. the game is great but it got its problems."
76561198107954523,Recommended,224600,8011800,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Honyakusha,"Pretty solid, playing with my real time friends  and we're pretty happy right now. The charming side of Defiance is it kinda reminds me Mass Effect & Borderlands. Their animation is really good so you can really feel the combat. Also the amazing thing is Defiance's potential. If developers don't forsake this game defiance will be shine in near future.AnywayUp(s).Animation, combat sytem, potential, weapon system, quest system, new guild system (arkfall)Down(s)Bugs (they are fixin' it so np), not enough players (i couldn't get 1 hold and capture game in 6 weeks, beside shadow war pvp is pretty dead) , Small world map.for 9.99USD you can find better? no definetly not. Played&searched nearly ever single mmo-ish game and i promise this one is legit buy for performance-price wise."
,Not Recommended,224600,8131715,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,[Beast],"I didnt enjoy this game as much as I thought I would. The hype over it is over excessive, and not necessary because it is basically a paid version of Planetside 2. I, as well as my friends who also purchased this game, completely agree on the fact that this game was a waste of time and money. For those of you who enjoy Defiance, I wish you a happy time playing, but its just not for me.3/10"
,Not Recommended,224600,21993671,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,jskpk,"I still remember the second i bought this game they just made it f2p, actually not a big deal at all, but i dont like it."
,Recommended,224600,9774247,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,itsjaxonO,"A cult favorite of mine, and the first MMO to ever coincide with a live-action TV show, Defiance is a unique MMO to say the least. Trion Worlds is most famous for there other MMO, Rift, however Defiance features a unique blend of open-world combat, free-roaming and large scale boss fights. In terms of weapons, think of Borderlands. Defiance has hundreds if not thousands of different weapons, shields, and more.The game also sports a vast collection of vehicles to chose from including a limited edition 2013 Dodge Charger specifically designed for the vast and rugged terrains of Defiance. There is also a huge amount of character creation, including tons of in game armour's along with some purchasable items such as hats, armour's, shields and more. The grind is real, but it's not a big issue in Defiance because the ranking system is fairly balanced and easy to rank up.I'll admit that the quests are a bit repetitive feeling, but the overall game is very enjoyable and it remains in my top 5 MMO's I have played thus far."
76561198120361438,Recommended,224600,10145651,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,Barium,"DEFIANCE FREE-TO-PLAY ARRIVES JUNE 4!i strongly recomend hoping on this 1. if you like to shoot things and haven't tried this game yet, give it a shot. i been glued to this game a good while now cause i love to shoot things. people say its alot like borderlands 2 but i wouldnt know cause i still haven't made it through borderlands 1 first yet because of this game. this is a MMO shooter thats waaaaaayyyyy better then dayz by far i think. this game is the best MMO shooter out there in my opinion.if your a pack rat like me the amount of inventory slots suck but you can always buy more but you dont need to anymore as you can level a gun skill all the way to the max level 20 now on the same gun. once you finish all the missions you can always go back and restart them again. there are also dailies to do amongst other things. there is also pvp but it currently needs alot more players to make that worthwhile to do again. im not here to pvp anyways myself. i perfer my shooters to be pve personally. if i felt like pvping id go play rift or WoW."
,Recommended,224600,8063324,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,InfectumHate,"The game resembles a mix of Borderlands with Mass Effect, so expect some RPG elements, combining the SyFy television series.Gorgeous graphics and environments, especially during major arkfall events.Alien tech influence on weaponry such as the Injector helps add some distinctive flavor to the core shooter experience.Vehicles, and in particular the time trials, help break up the monotony of running cookie-cutter missions.The Shadow Wars multiplayer mode makes effective use of the expertly crafted PvE environments."
76561198021204633,Not Recommended,224600,9882012,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Jubby,"The game used to be extremely fun and entertaining, but the recently released DLC have made if far from anything but terrible. There's even an unexplainable FPS drop upon looking at the most tiny effects. The community is made up of illiterate children with a hive mind that jump on anyone who says anything bad about the game, because they've all spent their parent's hard-earned money buying the DLC.Enemy scaling is terrible, FPS lag is terrible, network lag is terrible, community is terrible.0/10 Broken."
,Recommended,224600,8228534,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Coffeechipmunk,"This game is great. This game makes you team up with complete strangers, whether you like it or not. If you go solo for, say an  Arkfall, you will die. If you go with a dozen people (which is almost guarenteed with Arkfall Sites, especially Major ones), you will have a higher chance.This game has little to none glitches and bugs for me. The only one I've encountered is throwing me off my car as it disapears while I'm riding it. Other then that, I haven't found anything.I am rather picky when it comes to PvE games. I enjoyed PlanetFall until the major update, and then I never looked back. This game, has yet to dissapoint me. With a great storyline, level up system, and weapons, this is one of my favorite PvE games so far.  The Sword is pretty awesome too.Let's talk about EGO Rating. EGO Rating works so that you earn X ammount of EGO for certain things. Level up? 10 EGO! Finish a pursuit? 5 EGO! etc. This is a rather creative twist to this game. EGO Rating is required to have more Perk slots, loadouts, and to upgrade your EGO Power. This, along with leveling up system, makes this a favorite for me.Leveling up system you say? This games Leveling up system puts you in a square/rectangle, with one of 4 Ego powers in each corner. The rest is filled with perks. You pick one Ego Power in the beginnning of the game, and if you want another one, you need to build across the grid, grabbing perks until you reach the power of your desire.Lets talk about Arkfalls. Arkfalls are special side missions where you need to do a certain quest. Defeat 3 waves, break a crystal, etc. Then, you get the Arkfall SItes previously mentioned. These put you inside a Arkfall, fighting off enemies. There are 2 Arkfall SItes: Minor and Major. Minor ones send you in, you kill some people and bam! uncommon loot, with a rare chance of rare. However, Major Sites send you into the Arkfall, and going deeper inside to fight a creature. You get much better loot, and a bunch of xp. I have only found 1 Major during my 8 hours of playing, which I consider myself lucky to find. I have, however, particapated in multiple Minor Site raids.All in all, this game is absolutely amazing. 17000/10. Make sure to buy it during the Winter Sale, as it is only $5 right now."
,Not Recommended,224600,30602797,Posted: 18 March,all,"<"")))><Λ†Ġ","You can play for about 3 hours before you feel like there is very little to do.  Not only is the ARPG/MMO itself very barebones, not even close to the other game touted by Trion Wolds, Rift, but customer service is practically non-existant.  I have been locked out of my old Trion account for years now due to changing e-mail addresses, and every time I try to pursue it with Trion, I get nowhere.  Until this company begins to show interest in serving its existing customers, like back when they started, no Trion Wolds project will ever see another dime from me."
,Recommended,224600,55985,"Posted: 30 July, 2013",all,Volt,"DefianceI really like playing this game! Defiance is now a free to play game so no investment other than your time is needed to play and enjoy this game.  I initially purchased Defiance while looking for something new to play with my family.  I did not have any expectations for this game and had never seen the Scify TV series, but I was surprised to see that even my wife liked it and she normally will not play a shooter, even if it is an MMORPG.Game DesignDefiance has a lot of good design features with it like dungeon/pvp grouping tools as well as a limitless questing network.  The game uses a feature for looting similar to Rift, also a TRION Worlds game, in that you do not have to be grouped to receive loot from a kill.  The game uses Rift's rift (outdoor raid) feature but calls them ark falls.  The game also uses a system that allows players to play with others at any level and still receive xp and loot.  This is a double side coin that can make game play feel very repetitive.The leveling prgress in the game are not your typical 1-50 levels.  In defiance you level to 5000, although I do not believe it takes any longer than the more traditional level design of 1-50.  With your levels you get points to develope your character's talents/trates/perks. Unlike other MMORPGs, Definace does little to specialize classes/races.  Other than the Castithan race which gets to use a dagger/sword melee weapon, there is nothing special about picking the race or class at the beginning of the game.StoryDefiance's lore runs hand in hand with the popular TV series on the Syfy network.  The game and TV show writters/developers work with each other to make sure what one does, the other does as well. They even went as far a putting in a gamer's character into the show after holding a contest to pick the lucky gamer.The GoodI really like the control and gameplay.  The loots system is great.  When doing an event or quest the item rewards are based on your level, not the zone.  The grouping system works very well for PvE and PvP.  The game is interwoven with the TV series.The BadGraphically, the character models could look better.  The game engine is last gen.  Because the NPCs adjust to the level appropriate for the gamer so to speak, the game feels repetitive even when completing new quests. And last, there is no class specialization or specialized class missions so there is no value in leveling more than one character which limits replay value.ConclusionDo I recommend it?  Absolutely!  It is a fun game that is now free to play so you have nothing to lose but the time investment of trying something new.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=295084872"
,Not Recommended,224600,7771841,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Skullriot,"After consideration, don't waste your money. In reality, this game is the same thing as every other MMO out there right now. Go here, kill this, do this, collect this thing, bring it to me, ok now go here, do this, collect this crap, do this thing, kill this thing, ok now go here....... etc etc ad nauseum.If you want a good MMO, I would look more at other more established titles. Considering the developing studio has been dissolved by the parent company... I wouldnt invest much into this. I am disappointed that I spent the money for the preorder."
,Not Recommended,224600,31109244,Posted: 12 April,all,RutherfordBHayes,"Okaaaaaaay, so.They've repackaged all the DLC into a new Gold Edition, but they don't allow anyone to buy a single pack of the DLC by itself, or discount the Gold Edition in accordance with DLC already purchased. So, if, say, you've spent 15 dollars per pack for 4 of the packs, and only need 1 pack, then you don't pay only 15 dollars for the gold edition (like other bundles on Steam which will discount accordingly), they expect you to pay 40 dollars for the whole Gold Edition, negating the 15 dollars per pack you may have paid previously. This is an asinine business practice that seems to be dedicated specifically to getting around Steam's auto-discounting on bundles. As a result, I cannot give this game a thumbs up. If they revise this cynical and greedy pricing system, I may revise this assessment of Trion saying ""f--k you"" to the people who purchased their product. But a far more likely scenario is that Trion won't do anything, I'll forget about this review, and their company dies a slow death that's been 10 years coming, same as all MMO developers."
76561197990616582,Not Recommended,224600,14396064,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,MaetosDeath,Don't waste your time (period). Do yourself a favor and play any other game other than this one. Sitting on your hands is more fun and more exciting than this game. Stay away from Trion / Glyph games!  O.o
76561197999721967,Not Recommended,224600,31670748,Posted: 10 May,all,Moonfear,"Used to be good game, now devs abandoned the ship and game is unattended and actualy unplayable."
,Recommended,224600,10410821,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Rapxtor,"I woulded recommend Defiance when it was a purchasable game, now that its free, there is no excuse for not trying it out, there are some interesting game concept, but like any MMO, you have to grind your way up, alone or with friends, it still entertainement for many hours with many things to do.If you like to explore this kind of worlds, try all things out, it will keep you busy for some time, and in the end is what games are all about, there are better choices but there is also worsts, and now with this F2P things there are a lots of players again online, so it is a good time to join the party."
,Not Recommended,224600,31811403,Posted: 17 May,all,d_spliFF,"That awkward moment when you pay for a game and it later goes free 2 play. Just to force you to pay an absurd amount of money on DLC on whats, at its best, an average game :/"
,Not Recommended,224600,13566152,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,[OTC]Zero,"Spiele Defiance seit der closed Beta und es war damals wirklich gut aber mit dem F2P Release ist das spiel nurnoch crap , da versucht wurde das spiel mehr in die richtung teamplay zu veschieben , was leider darin endet das man dank spieler , die einfach mal durch das missionsgelände fahren , sehr häufig alleine einer horde total überpowerter supergegner gegenüber steht , leider ist diese situation die regel und nicht die ausnahme .das spiel wurde simpel kaputt gepatcht , also besser finger weg ."
76561197974147676,Recommended,224600,8023205,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,birch-glen,im 76 yrs this game gives me hours of fun& joy great game
,Recommended,224600,9953080,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Demonslayer2222,"Defiance has been fun so far, you can play alone and do missions solo or team up in a group to do them, i would say its more fun to play as a group but not totally needed. Graphics are clear enough and gameplay is easy. There are however some issues like not being able to log in, getting kicked out, game crashes but i kinda expect that these days with any online game as none are perfect, Do you have to watch the tv series before playing? i would say it helps if you want to follow the story and understand but not really important if you just want a fun online shooter with some friends. All in all despite its problems i would say its not a bad buy for the price and on sale well worth it and hopefully the developers will keep supporting this game for as long as possible as with good support it could be excellent. PS Peacekeeper signing off.........."
,Recommended,224600,12497946,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Harakeeri,It's a decent game that got watered down by lack of popularity and the need to become Free-to-Play. 6.5/10
76561197970534252,Not Recommended,224600,22442453,"Posted: 15 April, 2016",all,Sir Galihad,"Complete and utter crap.  You'd be better off putting your money in a slot machine, you stand a better chance of getting something from the gamble."
76561198134097189,Recommended,224600,29881846,Posted: 12 February,all,Nose,"Dear lord where do i start?From the Fallout 3 feel, to the massive map, all the way to the creatures you'd find exploring the depths of the metroid game series, and the great story line and voice acting, this game had me hooked the second i started playing, the gameplay is so great i dont mind playing lowest settings on my potato pc, god, anyone who has a pc should try this game, get your settings just right and start mashing monsters like theres no tomorrow."
76561198070310240,Recommended,224600,31778348,Posted: 15 May,all,Robster751,"Wait, this is still a game?"
76561198009170214,Not Recommended,224600,9896211,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,dirknigh,its way to hard to kill anything and takes way to long to get anywhere in ego evolution plus lag is prone with the numder  of models DONT BUY♥♥♥♥♥♥FOR THIS SHITY GAME ALL IT WANTS IS MONEY MONEY MONEY ♥♥♥♥ YOU
,Not Recommended,224600,31810969,Posted: 17 May,all,wyakaska2,I enjoyed this game while the syfy series was still being produced.  Now that it has long since been cancelled it seems like no one plays it any more.  I played through the game and it had a strong single player story line. However the sense of community surrounding the game was next to non-existant and the developers of the game did little to encourage it.
76561198048755692,Not Recommended,224600,5374899,"Posted: 18 April, 2013",all,Mothra,"A good game for those who love to be pumped , but i do not recommend to buy anything in the game.You can easily spend the money wasted on something that literally can be found on the road.Support in the game runs very sluggish.I and has not waited a reply from them.But there is a plus, the game is now free as it should be."
76561197971293565,Recommended,224600,29911329,Posted: 13 February,all,BearSharkOne,"In 1972 a crack commando unit was sent to prison by a military court for a crime they didn't commit. These men promptly escaped from a maximum security stockade to the Los Angeles underground. Today, still wanted by the government, they survive as soldiers of fortune. If you have a problem, if no one else can help, and if you can find them, maybe you can hire the A-Team."
,Recommended,224600,29645690,Posted: 2 February,all,Fucking Chad,I've never watch the TV series but so far. i'm really enjoying this game! Must try!
,Not Recommended,224600,13614558,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Brando,"Bought the game when full price at $60. Enjoyed it a bit, but didn't get too far. Somehow someone tried to hack into my account, and my account was banned without me playing for months(this ban happened recently, I haven't played for at least a year).. The emails claim you can submit a ticket if the ban was caused by someone else or a hack.... yet you cannot login to the site after ban.. Thank you for the waste of $60 that is now free."
,Not Recommended,224600,10199919,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Speed Racer,Yawn
76561198067515397,Not Recommended,224600,8813679,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Fapplecake,"Game refused to run properly after about an hour. All files corrupted. After the 15 hours of downloading I did to acquire the game files and having them corrupt on me just like that, randomly, I cannot and will not recommend this to anyone. Every single file is now being redownloaded by Steam."
,Recommended,224600,7801478,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Scootzii,"This third person (over the shoulder) shooter is also an MMORPG. It incorporates skill-trees to upgrade your perks and it's incredibly fun using them. At first, buying this game was a nerve-racking experience because who wants to devote 10 bucks (at the time) to a game that you'll never play again. HOWEVER, after taking the chance, I was really impressed. The free-roam feel is amazing and I finding yourself in rough situations is something that can happen often if you go too far without help. Thankfully help can be given by random strangers passing by. It's challenging in some areas but enough to only make you wanna push for more, rather than rage. Figured I'd write something for this game since there are so few reviews on it. I hope you enjoy the game!"
76561198015861529,Not Recommended,224600,31559060,Posted: 5 May,all,onspeed,Why if i purschased this game at release i didnt have all DLC today? Its very greedy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s devs.Low online even after huge announce in Steam store. 600 ppls haha. Maybe all players was trolled by dropping weapons that required DLC to wear? Teasing lame.
,Not Recommended,224600,31503733,Posted: 2 May,all,UNO,"if u enjoy grinding be my guest, I gained around 5 levels for 3 days non stop playing with membership benefite (the max level is 60) , what they do is they make leveling up harder for new playershttp://www.trionworlds.com/defiance/en/2016/05/19/the-exchange-and-ego-experience-arrive/if I have to non stop no life play this game for 36 days (500+hours) with paid membership in order to reach max level on one character I say ♥♥♥♥ it, you might aswell spend 7 bucks to play Borderlands 2 instead."
76561198050222389,Recommended,224600,9663633,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Deadly,"The game is very fun, I would recommend it as a good game to play.."
,Recommended,224600,8554089,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Shadowmm,Get the game play it and enjoy.
,Recommended,224600,10929125,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Aphrael,"I liked the fact that you can customise your weapons and that there are constantly stuff (crafting, achievement farming, arkfall events, weapon skill leveling etc) for you to do. The dungeons are interesting and relatively easy to complete once you get the hang of it."
,Not Recommended,224600,21707350,"Posted: 8 March, 2016",all,A Sneaky Spork,It used to be....
,Not Recommended,224600,7941979,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Rekyua,"This game showed a lot of promise originally and reminded me of an open-world Phantasy Star Online so I was riding on a nostalgia high horse when I started playing Defiance. I liked the story missions and even went out of the way to do all the side missions. I liked the lack of the MMO Trinity in dungeons and the PvP was refreshing with a choice of instanced or open world.I bought the game for several friends in fact and we all enjoyed it together.2-3 weeks later you've pretty much done everything the game has to offer a few times and up to a dozen times and more of other certain aspects and all the magic is gone. The show is suppose to time in to the game and vice versa but that's all but vanished and died.They did add some melee weapons as well so updates are still happening but at an incredibly slow rate (maybe 1-2 a year given current track record) and none of these really add any content for the endgame.If you're looking for something to last you the weekend than by all means get the game, it'll occupy your time nicely.But, if you're expecting something you can keep coming back to? Look elsewhere."
,Not Recommended,224600,8001058,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Styke,It's really bad.
,Recommended,224600,8022920,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,"=1PARA=Jessie @Fort Worth, TX","You can't skip this at all, it's cheap and fun to play. New content and regular updates, pretty active Dev Team behind it and they know what they need to do .Group up with your friends and try it!"
,Recommended,224600,10934229,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,OPPAI-INARI,"Really not bad. It's MMO Borderlands.I mean, seriously, it's a direct rip of the Borderlands gameplay, online, in third-person. It even has the weird disembodied robot girl leading you around by the nose, and the awkward moon jump (which Borderlands has because you're on a small moon, while this game is set on Earth...?)It's a fun game. It has some serious balance problems, but overall it has nice graphics, huge open areas, enjoyable shooter gameplay, and you can poop an ATV anywhere and ride it around like it's GTA. So it has that going for it. Also it's FREE now, so there's that too."
,Not Recommended,224600,8597358,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,dylan.coleman72,"issues, Issues, ISSUES. major major ISSUES. dont purchase unless you have the time to be stuffed around"
,Not Recommended,224600,8595226,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Powda P,Lacks challenge and depth.
,Not Recommended,224600,8365479,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,123,"This game is very community reliant, what i mean by that is if you don't have 5 or so friends willing to get it and have a go with you then your experiance will be lacking i played this game since its release and had 10 friends with me playing it thats why i've hit up so many hours on it but when people starting moving away from it 2 weeks later the experianced was lacking even with 2 people.  Also it lacks alot of end game and has some very repetitive dungeons i guesse you could call it but has great daily's, weeklies, lifetime, and hourly events / Goals"
,Not Recommended,224600,8590439,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Ryoken,"I've only played 90 minutes of this game and I got bored of it really quickly. I wouldn't recommend this to anybody who enjoy MMOs. The layout of the character screen is very confusing, and it's difficult to get your head around."
,Not Recommended,224600,9817779,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Flipmonger,"Ever pre-purchase a game having high hopes of awesomeness and anticipating countless hours investing upon it once released only to be utterly dissapointed?  If you like going for headshots for the one-shot-kill, this game is not for you.  Apparently, a well-aimed bullet to the head from a high-powered sniper's rifle yields a mere beotch-slap-in-the-face... your enemies will simply get back up.  WTF."
76561198045476540,Not Recommended,224600,9582110,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Remy Maddox,"While the concept seemed good, it failed to keep my interest, playing like a shoot-em-up version of WoW. Not a terrible game, but needed a better follow-through in my opinion. 2.5/5"
,Not Recommended,224600,9710825,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Coolius,"I wanted this game to somehow tide me over until the release of Destiny. It's a mmorpg shooter with scifi elements, how bad could it be? The answer is ""fairly bad."" The game is clunky. The worlds are fairly devoid of players. The AI is miserable. PVP is busted. The story is unbearably cliche, even for scifi. Stat trees are boring and unimaginative. It's a grind. A long, long grind.It has its ups. The world is colorful and quests are dynamically delievered similar to a Guild Wars 2 fashion. There's a large variety of guns, but don't let that fool you because most of them are worthless.If you need to get your SciFi fix, then give it a try. After all, it's only $10. But you've been warned."
76561198008487563,Not Recommended,224600,9917561,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,chonhode,"Got boring after a few hours.  The game sucked and the TV show wasnt that good but I ended up watching all of season 1 just to see where the story would go.  Im not even sure if this got a season2 or just ended up being a total flop.....lolLike I said the game was horrible.  Just a grindfest for achiements that don't even matter at all, completely pointless game."
76561198041710613,Not Recommended,224600,9993543,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,JayRebirth,"Nice going free2play now i feel ripped off after buying this a year ago, down $80 plus the $40 for season pass that i never even played!"
76561198022720992,Recommended,224600,31562550,Posted: 5 May,all,seymore,"Playing from paid version before f2p game has lost many players especially for the pvp maps and shadow wars sections.I know there are many aspects of the game and the arkfalls do help keeping things a little different and interesting with new weapon drops etc.As have been playing for a few years the game must be reasonable, although you can pay for many weapons etc I have not as I bought the game initially and you can get chests to attain weapons with currency from the pvp matches etc.In my opinion not a bad game although the f2p and buying weapons especially jackpot ones has tainted it slightly. (more from the pvp games)I cannot comment on how the game plays starting from the f2p model, but was enjoyable from the paid version.overall nice graphics / gameplay smooth etc  9/10Some aspects of the game can seem expensive to play / get weapons / cyber rigs like alcatraz"
,Not Recommended,224600,31943177,Posted: 24 May,all,sligoirish,Good game to start but slowly dragged into the crazy repetitive trap most MMO's fall into. Not enough to bring people back.
76561197985072747,Recommended,224600,1040184,"Posted: 25 May, 2013",all,FantasyFreak_UK,"Okay I put quite a bit of time into the retail version of this game. It is a 3rd Person MMORPG which ties into the tv show of the same name. I enjoy it as it has an open world to explore, story missions, episode missions, arkfall events, competitive and co-op modes. The weapons are quite varied but they don't scale with level, although rarity can make a big difference, You pick an ego power but basically level up various perks. So a low level can balance against a high level. I find it fun and it reminds me a bit of Warhammer online, which was another under-rated game. Also you don't have to play it constantly to get the most out of it, but can just jump in for quick games."
,Not Recommended,224600,9213127,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Phasmore,"Huge ♥♥♥♥ing waste of time. I waited ovenight for this to dowload only to be ♥♥♥♥ed over by a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ patcher that makes the game impossible to play. I turned to the forums and tried everything to get this peice of♥♥♥♥♥♥working but to no avail. My download speed varied from ~1100 mbps (yes, megabytes, i live in australia so i dont even know how the ♥♥♥♥ this is possible) to negative (yes, negative) 10 mbps. Its a real shame because im sure this is a fantastic game but it will remain unplayable until the patcher is fixed. 2 hours of trying to get this♥♥♥♥♥♥to work and 0 seconds of gameplay. I am extremley unimpressed with this service. I will fight for my refund."
,Not Recommended,224600,8625852,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,L♥verbot,"At first the game called ""Defiance"" doesn't look to shabby for an mmo right? WRONG.  Defiance lets you play as an alien race, or a human race, which both are stupid.  The combat in this game is ridicluously easy, and tiresome after a few minutes.  I found myself playing just to try to get my money's worth, telling my self ""This game isn't too bad.""  It was.  Don't dedicate your time or money to such a boring and poorly illustrated game."
76561198106878101,Recommended,224600,7897010,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Cpt,Игра по мотивам сериала .ММОКак шутер 10/10сюжетка 8/10Совподение со сериалом 5/10Графика 9/10Оригинальность 5/10Общая оценка 37/50
76561197990426409,Not Recommended,224600,8730843,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Ceg,"First let me say it looks like a rip of borderlands 2 second, I hate games that you spend real money in to up your gear. The game is not that difficult and i don't see many people for it being a MMO anyway save your money and buy a real game. This looks cool but thats about as far as it goes."
,Not Recommended,224600,21803437,"Posted: 12 March, 2016",all,Sorrien,"- Paid 60 dollars for the game, and did not receive a refund when it went free- The gameplay is not a lot of fun."
76561198011005206,Not Recommended,224600,8602463,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,swtsrndr28,"I will let it be known i've bought this a few years since its launch so its not as bad for me as say people who had it  at launch but this game still has many flaws within its system and thats not even adding UI eyesores like the chat. But what this game has going for it is a constant stream of activity even if there are times where you wont see another player for a good 4-5 mins depending on the time of day. I'd really say this is a heavily unfinished product, i dare even say its a tv/movie license game at its worst and even the developers see that now that they have set it down to 9.99. Trion whatever the hell you were thinking it may have just screwed you because now as is this is barely even worth the 9.99 you brought it down too and i hope for both our sakes the gaming community learns from this. With that said if you are willing to buy it i assure you will at least get some fun out of it but definitely nowhere near what everyone was expecting before its release."
,Recommended,224600,10106757,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,stranded,"I drove my car into an extremely high leveled enemy to end up joining random people to fight this boss as an extremely low level , and lived.10/10"
,Recommended,224600,9641479,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Tyck,"This game makes me sad,   It has soo much potential.Really fun for a short time,It's not big enough and you don't really feel a sense of progression, The really sad part is that its been all but abandoned by the devs."
,Not Recommended,224600,10116270,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Perceiver,OMG I BOUGHT THIS GAME WITH 50 EURO AND IS GOING F2P!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Not Recommended,224600,13649600,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Stephen Fry is hot,I bought this for $59.99 because SOMEONE told me it was going to be a great game to play TOGETHERThis game is♥♥♥♥♥as well
,Not Recommended,224600,31550146,Posted: 4 May,all,Jack Reaver,"Go ♥♥♥♥ yourself I know I'm late but going from paid to F2P is unforgivable.It wasn't even that good to begin with.The game is extremely easy to get bored with.Even free is an overprice for the game, I'd recommend moving onto a different free game."
76561197987049561,Not Recommended,224600,13067982,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,Vrax Artifice,"Pretty much garbage. I loved the idea, and paid for the full game pre-release. It was junk, It has almost no connection whatsoever to the tv show, forget the TV crossover garbage they advertise. I loved the preview videos, they were so epic. The real deal is no such thing."
76561198011056747,Not Recommended,224600,8029379,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,SBaxter2064,"Defiance was big on potential but short on execution. Trion obviously cut corners under pressure to meet the deadline, however issues existing since launch (such as a broken chat system, and glitchy and jarring audio dialogue including from the overtalkative and much-despised ""sidekick"" named EGO) have been repeatedly put off as a priority in favor of new items for microtransactions. During the last show season, the new ""weekly content"" mostly turned out to be audio recorders that players had to hunt for - ""live events"" such as the plague infestation were few and far between, which was a solid negative mark for a game premised on fluid interaction with the TV show. The fact that Defiance dropped from $60 to $10 in less than a year should be a red flag to anyone contemplating buying it."
,Recommended,224600,10570515,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,NavyJunior,Its a great game for you and your friends. Playing in groups is alot more fun than solo. Pvp is good but snipers are op
76561198083135891,Recommended,224600,8767120,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Spectral,"One of the best games i've played but still needs some work, it's very addictive and fun and it remembers me of ARMA, Warframe and Borderlands 2, i never liked SF games but this is a must play. even if this game looks like it was made as a single player game beacuse you follow a story line that is Optional and player don't speak to much...the chat is almost dead this is a good game for a Lone Wolf."
76561197980349258,Not Recommended,224600,8258922,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,theDurphy,"It is obvious the developers of the show is trying to make up some loss in revenue for the crappy show by making this game.  I didnt know even realize this was a TV series until after I bought it.1.  The engine seems clumsy and non-reactive2.  Joining friends is somewhat annoyingly hard to execute3.  Relatively to other games of this genre, the price is not worth the investment"
76561198033467544,Not Recommended,224600,8322448,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Murray the Violator,"It was worth $80 when it first came out now its less than $15.1 min in: My guy looks stupid :|4min in: custscenes oooo6min in: it looks wierd, how do i do stuffs? The enemies are dumb they's dont know how to shooteth4 hours in: That radioactive song is good, for the ark fall thingo, only fun thing. Gets repetative , game is repetitiveIn summary: Dis game iz no good , there are better alternamatives"
,Not Recommended,224600,8586188,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,hammer326,"SEE WHAT HAPPENS WITH THIS COME SEASON 2 OF THE SHOW.Seriously though, they are clearly busting♥♥♥♥♥at Trion to get this game sorted for what little resources they have left to do so, but the DLC has been sparse, the greatest ideas thereof have been CUT (No Raptor? really?), and in general the game is still a mess in a lot of ways, other reviews already posted go into better detail than I ever could, peruse at your leisure.Overall though, definitely good cheap fun for $10 but I still hesitate to run out and yell ""BUY THIS!"" like I have for so many similarly underrated and similarly priced products. Well, this isn't the former, but you get the idea."
,Recommended,224600,8909062,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Reignson,"For 10 bucks, the base game is a pretty fun co-op experience.  Bring your own friends though, because the broken in game chat system won't help you find people to play with.  The story is also decent if you are playing solo, and pvp can be fun until you discover how imbalanced it can be.  Regardless, this is a solid 3rd person shooter for 10 bucks."
,Not Recommended,224600,8895486,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,sandblast,Bought it when it was $60 i wanted to rip out my toe nails and cry to myself.
76561197981386407,Not Recommended,224600,31506735,Posted: 2 May,all,Isness,Cons:. T. R. I. O. N
,Not Recommended,224600,23674294,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Quietus Wolf,"I bought this game when it was $15, logged all the hours I have listed and then uninstalled it. I've taken a look at the game since it went F2P and I'm not impressed.First, all the content initially promised is still lacking; We were told that there would be 6 playable races, we have 3 (with the 3rd still requiring you to buy the Casti pack if you want to select it). The DLCs we were teased with in order to get us to buy the season pass do not exsist. What we got were crappy, half-♥♥♥♥♥ minor add-ons that aren't worth $10 and add little to the game. Aside from Arkbreaker, the one DLC to be worth paying $10 for, the rest only provide you with reskined weapons, new costumes (that odds are you won't want) and some diversions that don't last long for most people. And the type of content you'd expect to have been free (new co-op maps, weapon and mods, reputation missions, etc) are all effectivly behind DLC paywalls, even now.On top of that, your character has little to no personality. You literilly don't speak a word, even when you'd expect your character, who is supposed to be this uber-badass, would actually speak up. Instead you get a ""voice"" that you can change at will, which is really just a bunch of random crap that your character will spit out in combat or when you get in a vehicle. The rest of the time, you'll hear EGO, who sounds like the annoying evolution of the ""Hey, Listen!"" fairy from Zelda on the N64.EGO powers are bland and often make little difference in most fights, including bosses. Weapon stats are the same, and all higher rarity weapons give you are more pre-opened mod slots and bonus abilities on the weapon. After a while the game becomes an near endless grind to get all your weapon levels to 20 and your EGO to 5,000. At 200+ hours in and having finished the game (save for the last boss, because ♥♥♥♥ a solo only boss fight with 3 phases, one hit kills and no chance to replenisn ammo or HP between phases), my character is only at 1,700 or so and I've only gotten 2 weapon levels to the max, so you do the math on how long it's take to do it all.As a F2P, you're welcome to give this game a go. But honesly, even now I don't see it as worth it. Unless Trion drops a massive series of tweaks and updates, the game is effectivly just as bad (if not worse) than when I stopped playing."
,Not Recommended,224600,13670253,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,[Wiskie],This game sucks don't buy it.Many Bugs and story is kinda♥♥♥♥♥♥graphics noob*gameplay poop glitchs everywhere and yup 2014 my♥♥♥♥♥thats like 2013...
,Recommended,224600,9702365,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Mr.Cypher!,"I have too say i really enjoy this game.If you are new too MMO or MMOish type games this is one to get.Its easy to pick up has good controls and good storys and decent gfx.I got it just to try out and i think im going to get the Season Pass when i can.This game is a decent 3rd person action RPG game.And you can get this game pretty cheap on sale like i did, so its well worth the sale price and some!! I hear there isnt much End Game but its real nice ride till then.So i say give this one a go!!!**A little update** If you like Borderlands 1 or 2 game play style im sure you will love this game! Its like if Mass Effect and Borderlands1/2 had a baby and a MMO game got into the mix you would give birth to Defiance =D Ive put a few hrs into this game now and its pretty good if you like alot of action,yeah alot quests/events can be repetitive but there is so much action you dont seem too mind."
76561198007604629,Recommended,224600,10742045,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,wizmage,"I have played this game from the begining. And let me tell you it has been a bumpy ride, but i think that things might be getting better. With the last few patches alot of the gameplay has improved. In the begining i gont know how many times that i was just totally owned by every random encounter i passed. Not fun, there was alot of rage quitting involved. But i just played for 4 or 5 hours straight the other nite and it was very enjoyable.  I am still exploring the whole new free to play experience but so far it seems to be ok."
,Recommended,224600,50268,"Posted: 24 March, 2013",all,MajorPest,Another hit from Trion. It's like Tabula Rasa would have been if it was actually good.
,Recommended,224600,8047436,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Tormeister Wasserhahn,If you search a cheap game for you and your friends than you are right here For 10 bucks you get a long and good adventure its not Pay to win But its only online and its not really like the great tv series but if you like multiplayer action without pay to win buy this game
76561198064610608,Recommended,224600,10580382,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Juan Tapir,Crazy fun even if you don't usually like MMO's
,Recommended,224600,29892172,Posted: 12 February,all,Left_For_Dead53,Commando on an alien planet.
,Recommended,224600,7663043,"Posted: 15 November, 2013",all,"S'il vous plaît, don't you wait","Defiance... If you enjoy an open world, free roam, multi-mission, mmo, rpg style, guns, pvp, coop, welllllll daaang! The list will keep on going. To me this game is like Firefall/Warframe. A mix of Borderlands classic looks for vehicles, armors, and weapons. Ark Falls as you level up prove more challenging and drop goods from beginning to the end of every battle. The game seems to go with your pace of leveling. So however you play in any game, will reflect on how quickly you level, gain awesome mods, weapons and more. Along with areas showing more side missions than you know what to do with. Group up with 1 to many people or run like a lone wolf. You like racing? Alone? This game has it... putting you up against the world of players on the leaderboards. PVP your style? Defiance has got it! Mind you this game has its bugs, quirks and lag points. Like with any game you find yourself immerced in an open world of gliches and lag spikes along with a rich world of never ending adventures! So with that, hope to see y'all on the battlefields of Defiance! ~D (Admiral Hawke - Defiance)(Now, NSI-DiabolicaHawke, Founder of NSI Nothing Stops Insanity)"
,Recommended,224600,6250211,"Posted: 9 August, 2013",all,NinjaZ10,Best third person shooter i ever played get it and watch the show
,Recommended,224600,8349889,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Ilrita,"It is a really good shooter so far. The enemies were a bit of a tackle when first playing but now the start off enemies are a bit easy for my level. However, the ""bosses"" are really fun, so it makes up for that.Overall, I recommend it right now at 4.99$ if you don't think it is worth anymore, personally I paid 8$ and think it is worth that much at least. Definitely get the game if you are a fan of the show, which I am. :)"
,Recommended,224600,29882823,Posted: 12 February,all,Agger,Old but gold game which I will always go back to when I feel bored!
,Recommended,224600,8723264,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,TechHarem,"Fun game, with a smaller community, might not be huge with character design or community, but the game play is fun and the story is interesting. Fun for team play or friend play. Pretty good game overall."
,Recommended,224600,11387534,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,suntrinemoon,"This game is highly addictive and alot of fun, i do Recommend it!"
,Recommended,224600,700635,"Posted: 6 April, 2013",all,caM,Would be a good game even if it was just single player like borderlands... but with mmo and mathmaking as well it's really sick!!
76561197970612498,Recommended,224600,436869,"Posted: 20 April, 2013",all,Vanwilder,dont give up on it!
,Recommended,224600,4402245,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,NeoNevus,"Ignore the metacritic ratings for they are not even close to this games real rating. The real rating should be around an 84. Defiance (in my mind) sounded too good to be true, and also since movie/TV show tie-ins usually suck i wasnt counting on defiance being as good as it acctually is. The shooting is solid. Maybe not the best in the world but its still up there with most third person shooters. The story, although ""meh"", has some pretty good characters. The voice acting is usually on par with the characters but could have been done a bit better. The amount of guns in the game is amazing! It's almost borderlands MMO style and finding new guns to use is never a hard task. Either way you look at it defiance (though rough in some areas) shines in a sea of TPS MMO's. With its lack of any subscription fees makes it all the more enjoyable. All-In-All it's better than wow, nuff said."
76561198049014228,Recommended,224600,8130275,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,spingebit bussnut,"This game is just awesome. Despite having issues logging in for the first time and the HUGE patch after logging in for the first time, it's still probably one of my favorite MMO'S. With it's Borderlands like exploration and gunplay, I can't complain."
76561197986308781,Recommended,224600,1086417,"Posted: 9 August, 2013",all,-¤lζ|2Ø§§¤- Bomber {md},"This ain't the best game around, but it is a fun experience.The chatbox is annoying, but the devs said they would update that soon.Other than that there's a lot of fun to be had.There's a lot of focus on combat and driving around ( you start out with a quad and you can buy some faster vehicles later)You can choose from 2 different races ( 3 if you purchase the DLC that's coming out soon)Also the game had a recent price drop so it's now (only) €9.99"
,Recommended,224600,10373047,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Alex !,"Pretty good in the beginning, had loads of fun. But after you've done all the missions + instances it gets repetitive very fast. Plus the DLC's are a huge load of crap."
76561197997698036,Not Recommended,224600,9343045,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Mamel,
,Recommended,224600,8601189,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,SuicidalPotatoes,"This is a great game. it like an open world-rpg-thirdperson shooter. it also hase the big ability tree that you upgrade through, and its just an overall fun game."
76561197973464026,Recommended,224600,626529,"Posted: 23 August, 2013",all,ID-23,"Buy it, play it, enjoy it.Don't rush through it cuz that allows the content wall to smack you hard.But with the new Update and DLCThe game is friggin awesome"
,Recommended,224600,286312,"Posted: 15 April, 2013",all,Ranivus,Effing Awesome! Like a sci fi APB. But not as customizable. Still great in its own way.
,Not Recommended,224600,12490541,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,RogueKernal,"I love Defiance both the show and the game!  I miss playing and that is where the not recommended review comes into play.  Why would you ever want to get involved and spend a bunch of money on that you can't play?  I haven't been able to log onto my account for almost 2 weeks.  I created a new account and can log into that on the same computer without it crashing but why would I want to do that when I have spent all that money on the expansions and the game initially.  Not to mention all the time leveling and all the cool weapons that I don't get to use.Before you ask yes I did submit a ticket and 9 days later I was sent a link to the Glyph help menu where I had already spent a lot of time by using Google.  No help there at all.  I tried to use the live chat to get it solved as a lot of my research said was a good way to get issues solved but unfortunately you either have to be a new customer or else pay the monthly subscription fee (patron pass).  I guess that paying for the game and supporting the game when it first came out wasn't enough.Like I said I love this game and miss playing it but you have to ask yourself, why would you ever want to start playing a game that one day for no reason would become unavailable to you?  You might as well throw your money in the trash and walk away."
76561198037130451,Recommended,224600,4436575,"Posted: 12 July, 2013",all,solarlord,Überraschend Guter Titel - guter Coop MMO Shooter
,Recommended,224600,29647507,Posted: 2 February,all,Thomasmalibu,"played this game alot on xbox 360, and its so great i had to download on pc, great game especially if your playing with someone"
,Not Recommended,224600,1134408,"Posted: 17 April, 2013",all,Randys950,"Bought this game on launch week.  Played the hell out of it...loved it...supported it.  Few years later Defiance...becomes free to play...new players don't have to pay a dime.  I get no bonuses, awards, incentive, or recognition for being a player to actually purchase the game."
76561198072544229,Recommended,224600,14262684,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Benedict Cuminhersnatch™,Damnit I bought the game before it went free to play.... oh well.... its good.... you can play a variety of sexy faced aliens and shoot stuff..
,Recommended,224600,2884562,"Posted: 24 July, 2013",all,winded hitman,Don't listen to the critics. This is an excellent game with a few minor bugs that is very hard to stop playing.
76561198088343707,Recommended,224600,7141388,"Posted: 4 May, 2013",all,🌈fukayu🌈,get this
,Recommended,224600,6737399,"Posted: 8 June, 2013",all,Milo-Shekels Op,i know it almost got worst mmo but it is a good game and very addictive recomendation rating 2 C.I.A AGENTS EATING BANANAS
,Recommended,224600,8258160,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,REzRyder,"I really enjoy this one. It's sort of Borderlands-meets-Earth. The setting is fun to play in, the characters are interesting, and it's a good game for me n00b self to use to learn how to control the toons with a keyboard and mouse.Good fun in a good game!"
,Recommended,224600,8344727,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,RackifyTV,As coolt spel! Ett RPG spel där man dör hyffsat enkelt och de är de som gör de svårt.Se serien också!
76561198098607010,Recommended,224600,9437849,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,sordros41,"i bought the standard version march 07 2014 then after playing for a few hours decided to get the digital upgrade on march 09 2014.  i am still waiting to receive what is promised n the packages for each item i have purchased.  i have yet to recieve said products.  this is a game similar to world of warcraft, rift, n several others that are just as popular just a different world of play so u need to decide for urself if this is a game for you!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!"
,Recommended,224600,9441165,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,FURRY :),"bought this on offer even though all the reveiws put me off with all the server issues and bugs etc, but it patched first time and game works like a charm, gameplay is fluid and combat is solid the loot system is good and the arkfalls are entertaining, im glad i purchesed this now i might just purchess dlc too :)"
,Recommended,224600,11682552,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,psych,Went F2P after I bought for retail price (60USD) FML
,Recommended,224600,10352875,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,✔ Slizzlǝ,"This game was worth paying for as it was, along with all the DLC. It is even more fun when you have a group of friends to play it with, and what better timing, it's no2 a F2P, so get all your friends to get it, and go out with those friends in search for trouble!In my opinion the best DLC I got for this had to be the Castithan Charge Pack DLC. I personally love the element of having some swords in the game, and coloured ones too :DIt had a bad launch, hence the meta score, however all of this has now been fixed, I haven't found a single bug on PC or Console version of Defiance since its release! But hey, it's now free so why would it really matter anyway?"
,Recommended,224600,10907785,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Bendo,It is a great game! Get it now!
,Recommended,224600,31168415,Posted: 15 April,all,Beau,A very good game which gives you hours and hours of gameplay. Surprised it's free.
,Recommended,224600,7432824,"Posted: 20 October, 2013",all,realrob1,i recomend this game to people who like's fps shoting games and like's to do quests
76561198016686103,Recommended,224600,24663580,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,Silverbird,"Customer service is better than i thought they'd be: 1-2 days and you can re-instiantiate your steam-copy if you lose your email or whatever.Also I've made like 3 characters already, and sunk a hundred hours into it...I wanted to blame them for changing the game to free to play, but honestly, it wouldn't be here anymore otherwise...This game is -the- definition of open-world jump-in CO-OP (im not sure guild wars 2 comes close or not, since i've never played it before, but this game is FREE and DAYUM GUD in what it does).Seems a bit laggy as of late, but what do you expect with 40 other people spawning vehicles all at once to buzz over towards the next objective?Either way, try it, and try the larger arkfall/incursion events. The best rewards you can get in this game are synonymous with the most fun aspect of it, which alot of other titles screw up completely...The story is Meh out of 10 (the movie series got shafted, go figure).Everything else about it is pretty fun though."
76561197967681706,Recommended,224600,9245333,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Patch,Really enjoyed it. This is a different kind of mmorpg
76561198002530711,Not Recommended,224600,9242560,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Vaden,Gets boring fairly quick.
,Recommended,224600,9084433,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,SPC J.Dunleavy [3rd ID],"It's a 3rd person shooter so not for everyone but fantasic game I loved the story line tho it could have been longer, it never gets old because you can do whatever you feel like in it you dont havve to follow the story line."
,Recommended,224600,8188622,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Mad Architectz,"This game is fun, it has all the elements of every game, third person, fps (for sniping), pvp, pve, leveling, experience, loot, trading, market, selling items, $$ currency, so on so forth. Deeply enjoy playing this game."
76561198041922740,Recommended,224600,8217225,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Sherlock'othetaco,well worth it on any sale. a great game  for a group of friends
,Recommended,224600,8187593,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,neovision1981,Fun for senseless group FPS Action. The way they tie it into the TV show is also mildly entertaining.
76561198037655366,Recommended,224600,8657836,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,lualex1618,"8/10 Dont waste your time reading this, you should be playing Defiance right now. PvE game mechanics similar to Rift as for destroying random Arks/Rifts for rewards, many sidequests and a nice story. PvP isnt bad altought i have to yet to explore it deeper. Menu could see some additions ie multiple marking and more color, is my opinion.It is a game i was looking for some time and enjoy playing it so far. Until ESO comes out in april, it is a solid title."
,Recommended,224600,8703780,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,dizzy_monk,The launc was rough but while ive been playing this game just gets better and better I can only describe as wow+fallout and at 6.99 its a snipe
,Not Recommended,224600,8900546,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,edalBX,Good game although you will get bored after you play around 20 hours if you have the money it's a pretty good buy but if theres another game on sale that you'd like to buy and you can't decide just buy the game you want instead of this.
,Recommended,224600,10304602,"Posted: 31 May, 2014",all,Zi Prophet,"Not bad. It is fun shooting and battling others in the different modes. Arkfalls can be a blast too. The map is large enough to find things to do, meet people and explore places. Its online only by the way. You need an internet connection to play, but its fun. Have fun, and good hunting fellow Ark Hunter."
,Not Recommended,224600,10008820,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,STRYKERryo,"Bad. More to come, still playing, but so far, not so good.Don't buy, going totally free-to-play summer 2014. Then you can see how bad, for free."
76561198117053999,Recommended,224600,9163881,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Blind_Lion,Addicting!
76561197975260975,Recommended,224600,10904240,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Geebuz,I can never get to sleep. Damn game calls to me!
,Recommended,224600,2105366,"Posted: 25 April, 2013",all,Shebbinator,Cool 3rd person shooter MMO with TV show try it out!
,Recommended,224600,9274733,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Smocaine 3,"Way better than the metacritic score makes it out to be. An awesome MMOTPS (Massively Multiplayer Online Third Person Shooter) with aliens, and awesome vehicles. Yeah, the story is pretty dull, and the enemies are pretty uninspired, but I have had so much fun with Defiance that I just don't care."
76561198106376464,Recommended,224600,9030210,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,LocoLobo,"So far I like it. Looks super, sounds ok and feels great! Is fun to own mutants and gameplay is good, even for casual player like me.I dont know anything about society yet, but for mmo shooter with rpg Im really suprised.World seems to be huge and for short play I meet different types of monsters.If U r bored and look for something new, even for fun this is good. Remainds me MassEffect and MetalGear."
76561197996978162,Recommended,224600,9013840,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Edwardo,Love this game
76561198057376633,Recommended,224600,9840779,"Posted: 17 April, 2014",all,CROVV,"THIS GAME IS HUGE! The graphics are awesome, the controls and weapon systems are smooth I really do reccomend this game. there's only one thing... if you are not on teamspeak and prefer to message, you will feel pretty much alone. A stranger in a strange land... although you will be blowing the @&#!X out of stuff while you stunt jump your atv off the forehead of your enimies, so life is still good."
,Recommended,224600,3339191,"Posted: 2 April, 2013",all,Menphues,"This game is pretty decent.Some functions are a little confusing but quickly learnt. Graphics are alright, not amazing but alright.Coop with friends makes it easier but alone is a little boring.It is very different to other MMOS... Kinda reminds me of planet side 2 which I hated but this I enjoy. Something about it being different gameplay makes it attractive to play.Worth every penny with many hours to get you going specially with friends if us well worth if."
76561198080402588,Recommended,224600,6952310,"Posted: 10 April, 2013",all,Buu,"Refreshing new title that made me play a Shooter and like it. The horizontal progression might not please everyone, specially the purists that expect powerful new tiers of gear with progress.Instead the whole game is a sandbox open world, that allow people to experiment styles of playing in search for the perfect match for them. The leveling empowerment is slow and small, falling in the players hands to shape the character and gear for the progression.Problems in this launch are the unfriendly UI at some parts (specially the contract feature that have a MAJOR part in gearing) and the not very smart graphic processing, that creates stuttering in older CPUs, giving prority to superfluos things as background elements decoration and animation, over obstacle, player, and enemy models. With no configuration option to decrease something that appear without need over 50 times on each screen."
,Not Recommended,224600,4909922,"Posted: 23 April, 2013",all,coldReactive (Iyeru),"I played AMB 3 (Advanced Mission Beta 3 or whatever) and I have come to say I like it, yet not. Here are some things below that I think need changing...Bug FixesFIXED >> * When you restore functionality to each secondary radio tower (KTAM East, West, South) you fall from the sky after the cutscene.* Sometimes, bullets don't hit targets. (Especially noticeable with manual sniper rifles.)* Sometimes, shots that should be missed, hit.Things to Improve* Textures. They look okay for mid-HD range, but not high-end HD (1080p+) range where they can have washed out edges, etc.* The sun. It's basically a blurry blob when at the edges of the horizon.* Render Distance of players and enemies. I don't like how enemies and players look like they're slo-mo / lagging at large distances. That said, sniper rifles are useless when trying to see enemies far off, because the render distance for entities is so low.* Culling. Get rid of it.* Enemy AI Line of sight. It pains me to note that cloaking gets rid of aggro, yet going behind buildings doesn't reduce aggro when alone at all. Come on guys, we aren't Minecraft.Things to add* Unique skills / etc. for each class chosen. For instance, the machinist could have an activated skill that places a dispenser of sorts similar to that of Team Fortress 2 so that players don't have to go all the way to the nearest ammo refill point. Veterans could have a passive that makes them better at LMG spread (more accuracy) without the need for perks.* An auction house system to trade directly from scrip to bits and vice versa. As well as an auction house to bid / buy out items / mods, etc. The AH would be a stand-alone EGO via a holographic emitter of sorts in each major NPC village (including the starting one near the crash site.)* An explicit mod attachment tutorial."
,Recommended,224600,5227248,"Posted: 19 April, 2013",all,[FLOT] Frawley6,while it has alot of bugs the game is a blast to play. ive lost track of hours due to how much i like the game play.
,Recommended,224600,10497114,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Ed...,"I figure I'll add to the positive reviews and outline good features others missed.My friends and I all play and level up at different paces.  In every other MMO that's a big problem because eventually level differences mean you can no longer play together or further advanced players have to replay crap to help the lower level friends level up.  I usually stop playing an MMO once I no longer have any friends who are at a level I can party with and they generally do the same.  It gets real boring playing with strangers you have no intention in forming any meaningful relationships with so I generally avoid that.  This game solves that delimma by temporarily boosting lower level players to just a small margin of difference of the highest level players in a group.  Lower level players will have more of a challenge, but will not find it impossible as they would in other MMOs.Wherever you go, the enemy mobs are dynamically adjusted to match the level of the highest player in the area, that combined with the low level players getting boosted means everybody everywhere has to play with skill, and can't just blow through everything with overpowered weapons.  Since leveling up unlocks perks, skills, rewards and generally more powerful weapons, it's still very much worth leveling up in spite of the auto-balancing.While there is no in-game system for quest sharing, you can still accompany anybody doing a quest that you've already done before and see the cut scenes again and at least get the exp.  The game has no problems with both players doing the same exact quest at the same time though, you just have to make sure all players manually start it.  Again, it will still be a challenge for all no matter what your level or what the level gap between party members.This feature also fixes another problem many MMOs have.  A lot of people like myself tend to explore and side-quest.  In so many MMOs, I would explore so much that by the time I got back on a main story mission, it would be boring and unchallenging due to how much stronger my character was over the requirements for that quest.  This game ensures you can play however you want and not be punished by unchallenging quests whenever you finally get to them.The game has a cash shop built in that existed even before free to play.  This was due to the fact that there was never a monthly fee for this game.  You only had to buy the client.  Now the client is free and that's the only thing that's changed.  People tend to fear that a game going to the f2p model ruins it, but this game was already sort of free to play.  It just had an entry fee that was recently waived.  I can only see that as a huge plus.  The cash shop tends to sell a few perks, but nothing that I've seen to give the players an unfair advantage against the environment or other players.  Just things like faster leveling, more inventory, nicer looking vehicles, alternate costumes and random item crates.  The random item crates may be pushing it, but they never give paying players anything that regular players can't obtain and since it's a gamble that may yield crappy results, I don't see players with deep pockets abusing it that much to any sort of advantage.Another thing for me would be to speak to the DLC aspect.  It turns out that most of the DLC items can be obtained and used by players that don't even own the DLC if you're lucky enough to get one from a tier 4 lockbox (obtainable in game without spending real cash).  Also, when a DLC purchaser unlocks a DLC area in the overworld (ie: calling down an arkfall), even non-DLC players can enter.  There just won't be any any DLC drops in there for those players.  Only normal drops.Oh yeah, did I forget to mention drops are instanced?  Well they are.  Nobody ever has to fight over goodies again.  It also ensures drops match the level of the player so everybody gets something useful to them.What does all of this add up to?  The creators of this game basically created a balanced way for all players to partake in any of the game's very challenging, rewarding, and extremely fun random events that happen in the overworld.  It's extremely common to go to the site of a major arkfall and find about 50 to 150 other players teaming up to hold off a hoard of monsters or defat a major boss.  There's no need for a instancing system or queueing system thanks to the auto-balancing which just keeps things so fluid it's crazy.It never fails to be fun."
76561198078221842,Recommended,224600,10574197,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Johnny 2 biscuits,This game is a solid 3rd person fps that has just gone f2p so give it a try.
,Recommended,224600,1080171,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,monkeywraith,"Fantastic fun!Saw this game on sale, which prompted me to watch the show, which hooked me and got me to buy the game for my girlfriend and I, and we have been playing non stop for the week since we got it.First, the separate stories for the show and the game are interesting on their own. Then you add episodic missions with some of the same decent characters from the show and events that explain other events, such as where Nolan gets a particular artifact, and in one mission you technically save the city of Defiance. The game also has a nice long story line mostly independent of the show, fascinating in its own right. The game and show stand on their own no question, but if you follow both they cross over in fantastic ways and further illuminate the world.Controls and combat are solid, what you would expect from a typical 3rd person action shooter, notably with unlimited dodge rolls but without a cover mechanic. The progression is also very nice, with a wide variety of weapons with not much difference between them, instead progressing by skill and based on how you can mod the weapons and how the weapons and mods synergize. There are also 4 core abilities and a plethora of ""perks"" to unlock, upgrade, and slot. You choose 1 scifi ability and 3+ perks, unlocking slots over time. One of the best features is you can set up different loadouts, with weapon, ability, perk, and even outfit and vehicle choices set per loadout. It is fairly quick to switch loadouts, and you can in combat (pve), though there is no hotkey to switch yet.The game is an mmo and has the necessary elements, clans, chat, friends, etc, but is light on other elements. You can only have a single mission at a time, though they are more engrossing than typical mmo quests by far; it will not cross your mind a second time. The chat is minimalist, but they have announced an overhaul. It is, in a way, a barebones mmo, but a very excellent coop 3rd person action shooter. Yes, there are also some bugs, but none of them terrible now, they are almost always easily ignored."
,Not Recommended,224600,34810826,Posted: 8 September,all,BeBee,"i purchased this game when it first launched alongside the tv series, its a good game lots of shooting with a little story to go along with it.  I cannot fault the game.However the customer service leaves a lot to be desired, when I decided to return to the game recently all my characters had been deleted off my account, when dealing with customer services they claimed the account had not had characters on it nor had it ever had the DLC."
,Recommended,224600,3537716,"Posted: 25 July, 2013",all,Ancient,"TL;DR:  Worth picking up if you find it on sale.This game pleasantly surprised me.  I managed to pick it up on Steam Summer Sale for 50% off.  It gets -slightly- repetitive while levelling, but no where near as much as most MMO / Grindfests.  It mixes MMO / 3rd-Person Shooter exceptionally well, and it doesn't try to force you to work with people (you can run through the entire storyline solo).  It's multiplayer offers several different modes of PvP combat, Co-Op missions, and a Rift-Like system called ""Arks"".  You are an Ark-Hunter, after all, and choosing to  help your fellow players in these big (sometimes massive) battles is rewarding both visually and inventorily.Also, Vehicles!  In an mmo.  Summonable, like mounts, but vehicles!  And they act properly like vehicles.  That's almost a miracle.All of that said, this game is still pretty easy to put down.  Despite everything I like about it, I don't think I would be nearly as happy with the game if I had paid full price.  For everything it does that is unique, there are 2 other things copy and pasted from previous MMO's.  I suppose that's to be expected.The characters can be a little dry at times, but the storyline is solid.  Character creation is GREAT for a FPS, and Lacking for an MMO.Buy it if it's on sale.  It's worth it.  I don't recommend paying full price."
,Recommended,224600,8057637,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Thrawn,"I really liked this game when it was released. Then it seemed to slow down a bit. Recently with all sorts of improvements, some big and some little like changes in text color, new arkfall completion screens and things like that have breathed a new life into it. I also see more and more people in game. I love the show, and am really enjoying the game again. Even though dlc is slow to come out, i almost prefer it that way. For me it works, when things start to slow down and they release something new it peaks my interest again. I absolutely recomend this game. It is very playable and if you take breaks for months at a time you can jump right back into the action."
76561198000320605,Not Recommended,224600,32892799,Posted: 27 June,all,Unforgiven,"game was good at start, but once show died the game dropped off big time"
76561198086664190,Recommended,224600,25137692,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Stackhouse,Probably one of my favorite games. I loved the show. The game is extremly well made and always has something to do.
,Not Recommended,224600,26741678,"Posted: 21 November, 2016",all,Admiral Skrotus,"It was fun on release, then after a few hours became repeatative. Recently after the first month or two, the developers disappeared and focused more on the show than the game. Now what? Almost 4 years after release, they finally pop back in to say hello with 100 and 150 dollar dlc content? Are you ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ trion? I don't think I needed to ask that after rift. Which you had a good thing going, but again like defiance, screwed the original supporters over. These developers are no different than ubisoft. If not worse, because at least ubisoft stays off their dead games. Instead of basically begging for money because their practices made them go broke. No one wants your games anymore trion, just die out quietly."
76561198076930740,Not Recommended,224600,22017317,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Sloth,♥♥♥♥ing terrible...
76561198063391701,Not Recommended,224600,26245723,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,asnowman,Can't recommend this game as the developer can't make a business plan. First they sell the game at a price then go to F2P model...
76561198137933628,Not Recommended,224600,29411413,Posted: 21 January,all,Simple Tora,"Ignore all the people complaining about DLC or being a crap game etc. The game all in all can be harshly argued its pay to win due to some things not being available without paid dlc but in most cases you can work around that fairly easily if you put in the time. The game as a whole is great, little buggy and laggy from the massive amount of people in one place but it's tolerable. There's tons to do and a ton of diversity as far as weapons and (sorta) mobs. Thing is though the game gets stale STUPIDLY fast especially if you're alone.There's random world events and dungeon things you can do but you'll quickly go through hundreds of them within your first few hours of playing and you'll think ""Hm, wonder if there's anything new"" and then you'll realize no, there isn't. I played on XBOX first and the game was great but again, I found myself running around with no real goal in mind and couldn't get back into it"
76561198059444924,Not Recommended,224600,35057088,Posted: 18 September,all,SOFUCKINGLONELY,"Bought it on release, Regretted it ever since. Nothing to see here, and Stay away from Trion games!"
,Recommended,224600,10112551,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Tyknu,"Let me start off by saying that Defiance gets more of a bad wrap than it deserves. Let me just get the negatives out of the way first. It's true the game is far from perfect, and there are better MMOs out there. It's also true that it is basically a watered-down Borderlands. With the upcoming switch to f2p for the game, as a Deluxe Edition early buyer, I'm more than a bit disappointed, and I feel that loyal players deserve more than what Trion is giving them after this change. It's sad that after already having to buy things in the cash shop from the very beginning, the players that paid 60 dollars for the game still aren't getting completely compensated when all they are giving them are a few extra inventory slots and a few character slots. Character slots should be unlimited for those that bought the game in my opinion, and the game needs to increase its inventory slots overall, because the number you were given pretty much made you want to buy the expansion in the cash shop long before the game went f2p. Now that I got that out of the way and off my chest, I will tell you why this game is very dear to my heart.The TV show is extremely entertaining and is a great show. The events from the game that tie into the show make you feel like you are part of the world's history, and that is a good thing. Furthermore, it is rare to find an MMO with a storyline, and this game does this extremely well using cutscenes. Defiance isn't genre defining, but it's definitely a fresh take on the gameplay from Borderlands, as the first game to be connected with an on-going summer TV series. It's kind of fun to have an MMO version of Borderlands, which I always felt like Borderlands felt like an MMO without players. The game has had a few glitches here-and-there, but nothing really game-breaking has ever occured in the many-many hours I've spent playing this game. The characters in this game are charming and memorable, which is more than you could say for the characters in the vast majority of MMOs. The cutscenes allow characters to express personality, and the voice actors do a good job of breathing life into the NPCs. As far as MMOs go, I could see if the hate towards this game was because of the always-existing cash shop, but most of the hate seems to be directed at the gameplay. The gameplay is not bad, it just needs a tad bit more polish. This game is worth giving a chance. While it may not be for everyone, enough players have fallen in love with the game's charm to allow it to survive this long despite the struggle to keep players interested. The TV show is doing fairly well, and hopefully by going f2p, this will allow people to experience the game and see what has charmed so many people into sticking with a game that often gets more negative reviews than it deserves. The game sets out what it intended to do for the most part, but as of right now, there are no incentives to play as the other races, so hopefully specialty missions will be added in the future. If you only intend to play through the story of the game, you have nothing to lose. It isn't a bad game, and deserves more love than it gets."
,Recommended,224600,9654678,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,StraightEdge765,awesome!
,Not Recommended,224600,8380942,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,freshmang0,"its like borderlands two but an MMO!!! WHAT ISNT TO LIKE?!???!quite a bit actually, i wouldnt recommend this game at full price but i think i saw it on sale for like 3 quid once and it MIGHt be worth it for thatjust make 3 friends and play borderlands, much better"
76561198091106698,Not Recommended,224600,9627089,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,Machina Dominus,"This is game is so good... and oh so very bad. The thought of playing with your xbox friends while your more comfortable on your pc is brilliant, but its very hard to find your friends if they dont have skype or are texting you thier exact location. The pvp has gone down hill since this game began. Its now filled with hackers and annoying try hards. I still get on every so often to play on arkfall or raid, but i almost never get a thrill out of hunting for loot. Speaking of loot, Its bland. there is no creativity when it comes to guns. It may have a diffferent name with some new status effects and a different fireing mode, but it looks exactly like that last cold-fire weapon you had. I used to be in love with this game, but now im glad i bought it during the winter sale for under $10..."
76561198036658063,Not Recommended,224600,8639441,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Dazansus,"My god, don't waste your money. Bought this game for 60 bucks and I've seen it quickly drop to 9.99, which is still too much. I wouldn't even touch it if it was free to play."
,Recommended,224600,8064226,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Polikwaptiwa,"If you like the TV Series this is a pretty fun way to see things, and get to play through it too"
,Recommended,224600,8082847,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Joh Hota,"Defiance is a game that does a lot of right but the wrongs are very loud. That doesn't mean the game isn't any fun, just that it feels like it's just at its infancy and it depends a bit too much on the show to keep growing. I won't talk about the story of the game here, just know that the main story line is long enough to satisfy most people. Outside of the main story the rest of the gameplay relies on events and like I said, the TV show. With the TV show the game gets episode related content every two weeks. That gives you the opportunity to unlock outfits and/or weapons.The main attraction here are Arkfalls. After the latest DLC these are even better. They vary in size, from what we call a minor arkfall to the Arkfalls in which you can go inside the ship to loot it or fight an epic boss.The game has different types of instances that are replayable and enjoyable. For example, the original 7 co-op missions had certain tasks (pursuits) that you needed to accomplish in order to unlock an outfit. Now they have expanded on these co-op missions by adding previously solo missions, including the last game mission. It won't count towards your story progression, but if you're stuck, it's a good way to see what other people do and get some first hand experience before running the mission again. There's also the PvP instances and the gigantic Shadow War, which doesn't throw you in a different instance. You and your team fight against another human controlled team in the map where everyone is playing. People outside the shadow wars can't shoot you, but NPCs can and will. if there's an arkfall where the shadow war is taking place the visuals get impressive.There are also emergencies which is not so different than other MMOs spawn events and Sieges, which happen at different locations every hour. These are fun ""team based"" missions, it is smart to wait for more people before you start siege. Think of it as horde mode so you'll want to get a high rank and make it as far as possible within the time limit.There's a lot to do in Defiance (I don't recommend the PvP though, its probably doing more harm to the game than anything else, they should have just made Shadow Wars the only PvP in the game) and the shooting mechanics are really fun. Driving is also enjoyable and you can play by yourself but you'll never be alone. With the new changes it is easier to notice when a friendly is down so you can revive them.I hope Trion focuses more on the bst parts of the game (the co-op parts) so this thing can grow into an amazing experience. Red 5 ditched PvP from Firefall 'cause it wasn't working, Trion Worlds should do the same in Defiance."
76561198053835839,Recommended,224600,30038592,Posted: 19 February,all,Coach,It's free so you may as well try it
76561197991236570,Not Recommended,224600,1313570,"Posted: 25 April, 2013",all,Bennings Dekker,"one of the worst games i ever played so far, keep your 50 bucks in your pocket and your brain in your skull. stay away. thx for the warning metaccrits, cant believe so dumbed to buy this♥♥♥♥♥♥..."
,Recommended,224600,9024561,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,[TUXEDO] Watson690,"Yes I recommend this BUT you should still think twice before you open your wallet.Pros:It's a good game. It's not very taxing on your system and has some quite solid gameplay mechanics. Chat was updated recently and the game certainly feels more alive than it used to.If you just focus on the game then it's very good.Cons:Trion. They don't really seem to care for their game anymore, the people at customer support don't listen to you (from my own experience at least) and it doesn't really seem to tie into the TV series in anyway (which I was led to believe it did). The main characters from the TV show appear VERY briefly at the start of the game and then they appear briefly for a short, optional questline that isn't available all the time. It honestly felt to me like they were just thrown in for the sake of calling it ""Defiance"".The DLC is pretty abysmal for DLC. Supposedly the next DLC will be HUGE with LOADS OF CONTENT!!! But given the way the previous DLCs have gone, I find this highly unlikely. The DLC should really have been released as free content updates via patches rather than being sold for £6.99 each (as much as the full game atm).tl;dr - It's a good game, but don't expect Trion to give a damn about you....or providing DLC worth a damn."
76561198099410279,Recommended,224600,9310115,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Lilly White,BEST GAME EVER!!!
,Not Recommended,224600,7989161,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,FTWHD,The game is based from the TV Series but I just wish that the missions were longer and that it was more gamemodes.Overall from playing it could have been better!
76561198004195595,Not Recommended,224600,7801763,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Moon Punisher,"This game is not so bad , for the first few hours , after that it becomes a repetitive thing that makes even the MMOs of old where you really had to grind to even lvl , diverse."
,Not Recommended,224600,9217299,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Frank2bad,"its a good game, but toooo transparent. I like playing only if I have free time. the graphics, and game play can use an upgrade saying comparing to other games that I play on a daily basis.Its not a bad game, but controls feel too loose, it doesnt take much skill, and it CAN be very repetative and boring. The running and walking and even driving feels like its a grid, nothing is smooth and fluid. I can see why it went from thousands of players down to 400, it just lost its fun factor because of that and many reasons.I wouldnt recommend because how it feels when playing, it was cool in the begining but quickly lost its fun factor and would hate for others to buy the game, but lose interest in it from fixable things. It should have an update of the not fluid movements and driving to make it MORE realistic, possibly graphics so its not so plastic looking, the way the guns fire and its effect on enemys plus more."
,Not Recommended,224600,8053322,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,[F8L] Mycrus,baaaaaaaaaaad.
,Recommended,224600,9696625,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,fisk0,"A decent multiplayer third person shooter, somewhat reminiscent of Borderlands in terms of the skill system and loot. The MMO aspect isn't something you'll see a lot of, many missions are instanced and most competitive PvP stuff puts the players on separate maps.The story is, somewhat surprisingly considering it's based on a TV show, not particularly intriguing, the mission get somewhat stale after a while, but the setting - the overgrown United States after a failed alien terraforming attempt, is interesting in concept. As game mechanics go, it's solid for the genre, and it does get pretty cool when you team up with a bunch of other players to take on the timed world events. The player base has started waning at this point though, and other than the major arkfall events you'll rarely come across any larger crowds. At this point I would not recommend the DLC, they just barely provide what was promised in the season pass description, mostly coming down to a few new weapon types and missions, all taking place at the already existing land mass from the core game. Unless the specific weapon types in the DLC description seem to suit your preferred play style (I did like the charge weapons added with the first DLC), you'll probably not get much out of them.As for the game itself, it's not charging a subscription, and I haven't found the need to use any of the stuff available in the microtransaction store (which mostly boil down to limited time XP gains, random weapon packs - which are very easy to get with the in-game currency - and some costumes), it's pretty solid at what it tries to do, but not as ambitious as you would hope hearing the talk about an MMO third person shooter. At the asked price point I think the base game is definitely worth it, but I'd hold off on the DLC until a sale."
76561198071057079,Not Recommended,224600,10341864,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Yesiamtaco01,"Unless you like to torture yourself with a boring world, lackluster gameplay, painfully repetitive missions, and a horrible story that will have you slamming your face on your desk because it's so mind-numbingly simple, this game is not for you"
,Not Recommended,224600,30655570,Posted: 21 March,all,[HDoG] Splizzlah,I paid 60$ to end up with standard edition when the game went free.
76561197988059747,Not Recommended,224600,34799779,Posted: 7 September,all,Fairy,Bought the game.....It went F2P..........Now they want more money to play the game I bought.......Got bum♥♥♥♥♥♥♥......
76561198038160576,Not Recommended,224600,29156419,Posted: 9 January,all,wise man,Dead game.
76561198108639586,Not Recommended,224600,30743820,Posted: 25 March,all,Hydrozen,Paid money for this game then they make it free #NeverFeltMoreScammed
76561197997238224,Not Recommended,224600,1739850,"Posted: 30 September, 2013",all,Yllems,"This is the style of MMO I've been waiting for.  Too bad it has literally, NO endgame content, unsubstancial leveling/gear and a distinct feeling that dispite being surrounded by other players, you're playing alone.  The chat system in the game was/is hardly ever used and widely ignored. While it was entertaining to play, it's lack of depth in it's leveling, gear and end game left me bored after too short a period."
76561198061736104,Recommended,224600,12451565,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Thero,The first two hours of the game are really terrible but after that it gets really good
76561198065424117,Not Recommended,224600,13904527,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Robocop,sucks
,Not Recommended,224600,7905351,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,thatMEGAdude,"Not very good. The shooting is fairly broken and the lack of players is insane.It is a MMO so expect the story to not be very interesting.I guess it's a good idea, since it's running along side the televison show, but as a game it isn't great3.5/10"
,Recommended,224600,12489489,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,🎮🎵Panthera Pardus[TWM]🎵,"Even if you do not watch the television show that this game is developed with, you can have a fantastic time."
,Recommended,224600,8053379,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Keenan,"If you ever played RIFT this can summed up quite easier by mashing Borderlands + Rift together into a over the shoulder shooter. It's so much fun seeing the ArkFall land down on the map and cause mass chaos in the world to keep you on ur toes, I think the game is great and the show is really well put together as the two follow same story line (and the main characters in the TV show move around in the game as things happen in the show) If you like borderlands for the action you will love this game so much more but it is a MMORPG so commence the grind but tons of weapons to try out."
76561198036454295,Recommended,224600,12106573,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,FredChan,"Been playing Defiance since it came out in Beta, Bought a Beta pass ETC, and now its free... Its a great game to start out with. I wish I could play the sht outta it, BUT I need a better coputer. I could play mine with 10-15 fraps but egh, I could deal (Not in boss battles DEAR GOD) When I get my new cpu, with 3.00+ GHZ And a better Graphics card that could handle AAA Games I would put over 400+ Hours into this just like TF2."
,Recommended,224600,10698372,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,UnRealLimits,Great game.... Very laggy since going free to play
76561198009927834,Recommended,224600,12211424,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,rawmeatfreshfood,"GOOD ONE ,GOOD TIMES ,GOOD ACTION !! GOOD THUMB !!"
,Not Recommended,224600,30570796,Posted: 17 March,all,Max,"I play this because friends play this.  Period.As an RPG it has little in common with the TV series other than some names, races, and a couple of characters.  As an RPG it pretty much totally lacks immersion.In terms of design flaws;The GUI is poorly designed and needs an overhaul.There are WAY too many forms of currency.In-game communication with other party members and/or players is horrid.   The game even periodically breaks your team/group without notice.  Occasionally, you get sent to a server other than your friends/team/group, without notice.  So even though you are technically at the same event or mission, you can't see or help each other because you are in reality - on a different server.  I traded with another player once, I still couldn't tell you how we did it (The GUI is THAT bad).Server connections are gawd-awful!  Frequently at well attended arc falls/events, all the players and/or mobs will completely disappear.  It doesn't matter if other players can revive you if you get KO'd, because they can't see you and don't know that you are down.  You can't get a decent group score or loot, because you can't see the mobs to shoot at them.Mission/quest tracking is terrible.NPC dialogue is looped which not only breaks immersion, but gets really annoying after the first 2-3 loops of the same dialogue.Scotty frequently beams mobs in and out of your location from deep space!!!  Yes! You are standing there and all of a sudden *POOF* you are in the middle of the enemy camp!  Heading for that ammo chest to re-stock on ammo?  *POOF* it's gone before you get there.  Nothing breaks immersion like an APC full of bad guys suddenly appearing in front of you!  This is soooo 1995!Want to use roads?  Forget it!  There is a road block literally around almost every corner.  Drive cross-country and forget the roads, you will get there faster!  Seriously!WAY, WAY, too many weapon options!  No one wants to take the time to figure out all that!  By the time you've compared your loot and decided what to keep, sell, and salvage from the last mission your friends have completed 3 arc falls!Stupid weapon designs.  A grenade launcher that shoots a grenade that has to bounce once before detonation?  Absurdly impractical.  What intelligent person would design a weapon like that?  If you want to make ""silly weapon game"" - then go make ""silly weapon game"",  I'm sure it would be fun, but make it ""silly weapon game""! FOCUS!What's with Pumpkin's in March???  Yes, pumpkin heads and Christmas trees in March - That's just bizarre!  I can only imagine what some desperate developer was thinking to come up with that.  NO!  That does not attract players, it makes the ones you have say ""WTF""?No one over 10 likes a bullet sponge boss!!!  Someone innovate, PLEASE!!!!Basically it plays like an early beta release with a developer focus on new mission content rather than fixing core elements of game design that might actually make people want to play it.What I do like;The vehicle system (while it could use improvement).  I enjoy driving and racing the vehicles.  They are fairly responsive and intuitive to control.  (Once you master figuring out where to click to actually get into one)!   What I would like to see  is allowing passengers to fire weapons from the vehicle while it is being driven, and a ""hop"" or ""jump"" ability like the tanks have in Mass Effect (Although I know of no president for that in the TV series).Arc falls are good for casual game play.  Jump online, find an arc fall, port there and start shooting stuff, collect loot - pretty mindless.  Die, fail, get called away in the middle and it makes no difference what so ever."
,Recommended,224600,14095712,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,SPyRU,10 x
,Recommended,224600,10349997,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,EpulaDaug,Now safe for wallets.
,Recommended,224600,29768039,Posted: 7 February,all,ACG | ✯Eclipse✯,i ♥♥♥♥ing love this game but i dont advise being like me and trying to solo your way threw this game its just really hard and all around alot eaiser with people besides that i love this game :D
76561198084999848,Recommended,224600,9065767,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Tony Defibaugh,I love this game a mmorpg shooter.  Triton continues to update the game and improve features.  Its free to play but you do have to pay for new DLC's.  Not all the bell's and whistles of other mmorpg's like WoW but not all the free for all bone heads either.  The new chat function was a big win for the players and allows you to be more involved with the other players finally.
76561198075452443,Not Recommended,224600,8990936,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Meme,"Very terreible game, gets very boring after the first hour or so of gameplay"
76561198006605505,Not Recommended,224600,7798488,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,DanteYoda,"The game was a Mix of Sandbox Mass effect 1 playability with a healthy dose of Borderlands weapon systems, the story line is deep and worth following and replayability was very high as the events are different every time as player characters are the random element.Cash shop is has become PAY TO WIN only real life cash required.There are quite a few bugs still not removed from the game and the chat /GUI has a console feel but its being reworked. Bugs that never got fixed and escalated..Over all i'd say this game is worth a 3/10After the changes between the second last and Last expansion i can no longer recommend this game, Trion literally destroyed a lot of the gameplay and made the game Pay to Win ...Stay clear"
,Not Recommended,224600,8622298,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Razor,not good:~(
,Recommended,224600,10234923,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,pRime.int,this game is going free to play in june 4. great game and tons of replayability. guaranteed 100+ hours of your life will be spent easy!
76561198035182872,Recommended,224600,10235044,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,Thorbjorn,"A fantastic world, great lore, and great gameplay."
,Recommended,224600,5355929,"Posted: 16 September, 2013",all,CIP,Rift with guns. Good gameplay and coop
76561198094762487,Recommended,224600,8982896,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Turrid,Defiance is one of those games where you'll probably get addicted on it for a while. Just make sure you play it with a buddy or a group so you can get the full experience!
,Recommended,224600,8079645,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,DeadTurtle,"The is a completely underrated game. If you are a fan of the show, I recommend giving this game a shot. I'm not saying it is the greatest MMORPG, but it is totally playable and fun even if you are just soloing through it.I recommend giving it a try.Edit: 6/11/2014The game is now F2P, The updates since my last review have made this game even better. I highly recommend people check it out now. It won't cost you anything and you will probably really enjoy it."
76561198081832330,Recommended,224600,8855443,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Austin Powers,This is one BEAST of a game!
76561197972805184,Recommended,224600,9712093,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,TICO,GOOD AND FUN
,Recommended,224600,7996672,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Metalbreath,I already recommended it to any gamer I know that is alive till this day :P
76561198109218931,Recommended,224600,10640321,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,GrimGrizZzly,This game is good.
,Recommended,224600,8463853,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,PaPa Slav☭,GREAT GAME FULL OF ACTION IF YOU DONT GET IT YOUR MISSING OUT
,Recommended,224600,10487407,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,rubert,Very fun
76561197971947453,Recommended,224600,10515359,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,exist2resist,"I normally not a fan of MMO games, but this one is definitively an exception. I've played WOW, EVE, Star Trek Online and many others. This game is fun, easy to get into, and you don't have to grind for hours on end to get somewhere. Now with it being Free 2 Play this is no brainer and the size of the community grew. Give it a go, it easy to pick up and put down."
,Recommended,224600,10683072,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Polaris,"I am really likeing Defiance. As a casual player, there is not preasure to purchase items from the store or do PvP events.  Very refreshing."
76561197993956978,Recommended,224600,13380624,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Doddger,"This game has few MAJOR problems because dev's wanted as many players/platforms into the game, but theres also alot of stuff i like in a game. Thats why i am still playing this. There has always been problems with different computers not performing as the best. So that is why this game needs serious fixing.I recommend this because i like the consept of DEFIANCE, some pvp elements are quite fun, voice acting is good, story line is exquisite and someone has to get those arkfalls.Pros.1. Alot of players.2. Very enjoyable gameplay. (exept sniper)3. Dynamic events.4. Challenges,contracts,missions everything i love in a game.5. GUNS, LOTS AND LOTS of guns, one for every mind.6. Loot system is quite good. (There is an in-game market, where you can buy lockboxes that contain weapons and other misc. items)Cons.1. Draw distance is horrible for pc players or anyone who enjoys sniping at long distances, you get invisible enemies after 100-150 meters. (PS3 and xbox360) Pc players could always look at the options and choose options that suits their systems.2.  Not that much graphical options...3.  Gameplay gets repetetive after 13-16 hours.4. Market. This just sucks. You can actually buy lockboxes from there, those contain weapons and other misc. items. Sometimes this game feels like Pay to Win...5. If there is too many enemies in one area you will only see the enemies and not the players... Makes it kinda hard for medics. For example one event there was about 40-60 players and suddenly there was only me against 40-50 enemies that suddenly lose health and die."
,Recommended,224600,1149595,"Posted: 5 April, 2013",all,Varfir,"Ever wished that Borderlands was made into a MMORPG? Well....Wait no longer! Defiance has that great Borderlands feel, all the aspects that made that game great are in Defiance. Even the combat system is the same. Also just like Borderlands Defiance has one major active skill that you can use and all the other skills that you unlock are passive but themed to fit your main active skill. On top of that it has a great Sci-fi feel. But it is Near Future Sci-fi not not 1 billion years in the furture like Star Trek.Again this is a MMORPG that YOU SHOULD GET!"
,Recommended,224600,4578335,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,AR700SAW,"The game is definitely worth the price (since it has been reduced so drastically), but I don't think spending the extra money for the Deluxe Edition is worth it. It's literally a red suit that looks (personal opinion) stupid, a rocket launcher (that you find for free and with better stats later), a shield (same as the rocket launcher) and a coloured quad bike you can't get anywhere else (oh noes! Not like you can get a free, faster quad bike later on, or a free dune buggy, or just buy a car). The only thing worthwhile on the Deluxe Edition are the boosts, but even then, they aren't necessary at all.Why do I think the game itself is worth it? Well, I'll give both sides:Good:*Runs very smoothly in combat (even when it seems laggy I've never had a problem hitting my target)*The graphics are decent (they're not Crisis but they aren't Minecraft either)*The game is genuinelly a lot of fun!...at first*Arkfalls are a lot of fun to go to (at first anyways), too bad some of the cool co-op mission bosses aren't available in the main game*Clothing; all the clothing you can buy in the store for real money (do you like microtransactions) can be acquired for free (in different colours bearing in mind, so they may look better or worse) by completing challenges or missions*Leveling and progression system; there's a lot less of a difference between a EGO 5000 character and a EGO 50 character than most MMOs... the only differences I can think of off the top of my head are: more chance for nano effects on weapons (fire, syphon health, electricity, etc.), more bonuses on weapons (e.g. x1.25 mag size); access to more co-op missions (last one unlocks at around 500 EGO anyway at the time this was originally written); more perks on the EGO Grid (skill tree) and more clothing unlocked (through the missions/challenges). There's probably some I missed, but health, shield capacity and weapon damage only very, very slightly scale with your level, so in terms of health and raw damage, there isn't much difference between the two charactersNeutral:*I've never played PvP so I can't give my personal opinion, but according to the forums, it is heavily biased for certain weapons/EGO powers (meaning it could be difficult to use others effectively unless you know what you're doing) and it has been ignored for a long time and could use new featuresBad:*Crappy launcher for patches. On PS3 I've spent 2 hours patching, only for it to come up with a failure and start from the beginning... 3 times! On PC though I don't think I had many problems, but maybe I was just lucky*Fake patch notes... maybe they've stopped it now, but they seem to like to put old news into the patch notes to buff them out a bit, when in reality they've changed very little*Can you say 'repetitive'? Because that's what this game is after a long time playing... I guess every game does this, but the co-op missions are repetitive (no randomisation in any way, even with enemy spawns), the little random events (don't know the proper name, where you'll find a derelict vehicle on the road or a hellbug nest or some other small event) are repetitive (after a while, especially when your EGO calls out to you repeatedly to check them out), driving around the world is repetitive (more on that next), the whole damn thing just feels like a bit of a grind once the new game sheen has worn off...*Driving feels empty... oh I don't mean the physics, which are a load of crap (wanna drive through that wooden fence in your truck? NOPE! Wanna drive over this rock? NOPE! You get stuck on the rock/smash right into it and lose all your speed. This happens on everything you touch, at least you can drive through other players or this'd be a major griefing tactic). I mean just driving around the world makes you feel like you're playing a singleplayer game rather than an MMO. The chat is barely ever used (and for good reason too, in its current state it is bad, though it's meant to be getting fixed with the 7th Legion DLC patch) and players either don't load their appearance (this has been updated with a slider in the options menu, which allows you to always see the appearance) or just don't load at all, so you very rarely see anybody driving around that isn't at a fast travel point...*The DLC is pretty poor so far, the Raptor vehicle is terrible and the arena is just that; a PvE arena that loses its magic after a couple of tries. The new Charge Blade is cool though, fun to use (if a bit suicidal) but you need to know which enemies you shouldn't attack or you'll get creamed :P Arkbreaker was... good for the free player, but not so good for the people that buy the DLC; all you really get for buying the DLC is the ability to call down Arkfalls; the thing is, most of the time, if you wait for 5 minutes somebody else will call it down anyway.Additional:Looking for two pretty decent builds? It's best to make your own, but if you want a template:http://forums.defiance.com/showthread.php?50876-2-High-DPS-BuildsArkfall codes:http://orcz.com/Defiance:_Arkfall_Codes#Arkfall_Codes_List(enter these onto the 'My EGO' page on the Defiance website)Weapons guide:http://defiance.junkiesnation.com/2013/04/09/tips-and-tricks-weapons-guide/Oh, and give the site Raptr a go; they give away free content for many games regularly, all you need is to have Steam hours/achievements to qualify for the free rewards (you'll have to check back regularly though, because it doesn't seem like they notify you of when rewards you qualify for are available very well)"
,Recommended,224600,7763305,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Calico Jackdaw,"Picked this game up for about $4 on sale and I must say, I've definitely got my money's worth from it with about 114 hours worth of gameplay at the time of writing this review.This game plays out very much like an online Borderlands, for better or for worst. The game play is a pretty straight forward with a basic run and gun core gameplay. There are a wide variety of weapon types to choose from, allowing players the ability to customize their character exactly how they like them with no real restrictions as to what weapons can be used by which class or race. There are also a host of abilities that can be used to aid in breaking up the monotony of the run and gun format, much like Borderlands, but often times I have found that they are not essential to game progression. The world is large and feels adequately inhabited, with a number of random missions going on at all corners of the map at any given time. The map itself is gorgeous, with a fair amount of variety from region to region. There are also a number of different gamemodes available to offer a little variety with the world. Everything from time trials on ATV, to special events where you battle progressively more challenging enemies, to multiplayer PVP.And now for the drawbacks. Because the game has the same gameplay mechanics as Borderlands, it can get very monotonous. For the most part, this is counterbalanced by a wide variety of weapons which offer different challenges when fighting enemies, but still the format of running around shooting enemies over and over can get boring. While there are a number of different random missions that crop up all across the map, giving you the opportunity to get additional money, the missions fall into only a few different categories and after a few hours of gameplay, will become less interesting and more of an annoyance due to the lack of variety. Another disappointing aspect is that while the weapon types are varied, the number of available weapons of each type are not so much. There is no real variety to the weapons themselves, unlike Borderlands. In Borderlands, if you found a specific weapon you liked, you could search for additional variants of the same type that offer additional perks or slightly varied stats. In Defiance, once you find a weapon you like, you're pretty much stuck with that same weapon. The only possible choices you have is to find some mods to give it a few additional stat bumps or find the same exact weapon in a more rare version for a few tacked on perks. There's no real variety and aside from personal preference, no obvious reason to choose on weapon over another. Finally, my last gripe is with the PVP... PVP can be a bit glitchy at times. Sometimes when you go to join PVP, its supposed to teleport you to the area where the PVP is going on, but it doesn't, leaving you to commit suicide to fast travel to PVP since often times its a few kilometers away. I've also seen the respawn screen glitch and not allow you to respawn. I waited nearly 10 minutes, with the sounds of the battle continuing in the background. The buttons would respond on mouse over and when clicked, but it would not allow me to respawn. I ended up having to restart the game to clear this fault.Overall, for a pretty fun casual Borderland-esque game, I feel that it is worth the money, especially if you pick it up during a sale, but be warned that a lack of variety can make this game feel a little monotonous, especially on longer play sessions. Also, I hear that the game is a lot more fun if you drag along a few friends... I'd rate this game a solid 4.5 out of 5, since really only a few minor tweaks to the game could definitely improve the overall play value..."
76561198045983131,Recommended,224600,8414742,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,wildeone,"Defiance is a fun shoot-the-bad-guys with the added twist of story linkage with the Tv Series.  I really enjoyed playing it with my partner, and I particularly liked the style of minor/major quest lines.  it was enjoyable and spread the game out so the main quest line didn't advance too fast.  However, it unfortunately became monotonous fairly quickly and the lack of any ""shiny loot"" other than newer guns lost my interest.. I do look forward to those awesome purples etc"
,Recommended,224600,8687912,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Heartwork420,"This game is a lot more fun then you'd expect,there is still a lot of players and the outdoor events are almost always populated.For the right price i'd certainly recommend it if you like 3rd person fps in a persistent world."
,Recommended,224600,8901510,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,DrumAce,"This game isn't bad actually.  I Bought it on the Winter sale for $4.99  and with over 30 hours in I certainly have gotten my money out of it.  That said the Server is Dead, when I look at how many people are in the game at one time on steam the most I have ever seen is 700 people.  That is really sad for an MMO.  I just play the game like it is a single player game and that is how I get my enjoyment out of it.  I would like to do more Like PVP battlegrounds, but I was in the queue over 3 hours last night just to get 8 more people to PVP.  I want to invest in the DLC, but I am afraid that this game is going to end up shutting down do to low populations.The point is I do recommend the game as it has good game play but don't expect to see to many people at once.  I would like to see more people get into this game as I think it is a little under rated and does have good gameplay to it.  I would also hate to see it go away, because unfortunately that is where I see it heading with the empty servers."
,Recommended,224600,9202694,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Das Good Ya,"Yes and no.Yes it being funNo it being terrible at launch and not much replayability...(This is my opinion)In short, for 10 dollars you get a pretty good game.But if it were still at its $60 price tag, I'd say never touch this game.7/10"
76561198042633625,Recommended,224600,9922316,"Posted: 24 April, 2014",all,Falloutg123,http://www.defiance.com/en/my-ego/profile/pc-free-trial/Defiance is a really fun game give it a try
76561198109737417,Recommended,224600,11109357,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Duck Powers,it is such fun
76561198071445774,Recommended,224600,11220776,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,JB21-S,"GRAB SOME FRIENDS AND PLAY THIS GAME NOW, im not even gonna right a review because it will waste time that you could be using playing it. Like seriously WHY are you not playing this right now...?"
,Recommended,224600,51042,"Posted: 9 June, 2013",all,Lawie,"Defiance is an interesting game world, in parallel with it's TV-series Defiance. Defiance is a decent 3rd person shooter game, with a deep and interesting story-line. In combination with the TV-series, it makes the game even more interesting. Special dynamic events that keeps you interested, even after finishing the main story-line. And with special missions that are linked with TV-episodes. However Defiance is pretty pricey for what the game represents, and technically does not introduce anything new in the MMO world.  But the leveling system is something unique and matches very well on how you advance in the game. And it leans on the mechanics that sometimes it is more interesting to play this game with a friend."
,Recommended,224600,2819165,"Posted: 3 April, 2013",all,Orange,"very awesome game, great multiplayer thats balanced, awesome world pvp, fun bosses, good dynamic events, fun dungeons, quests rewards are fun too."
,Recommended,224600,3778690,"Posted: 22 May, 2013",all,Lavigkaye,Great Game!https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=JHgkevwVZXw
,Recommended,224600,3813010,"Posted: 12 July, 2013",all,MOOD FM,Enjoying the game a lot so far.  Would love to have some more steam friends to play with so grab it while it's on sale for another day!  Only $13.60 for the standard edition and worth every penny.
,Recommended,224600,11064640,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,GP | Dawgmeister™,A briliant 3rd person Open world Rpg for a free game this is by far It's jam packed with everything you could ever want to do and it's completely free!? I would recomend this to anyone!
,Recommended,224600,10801390,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,John Sheppard,One of the best mmorpg games i've played.
,Recommended,224600,11708857,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,samsara,"I bought this half price many moons ago and was ok but buggy, now that it's free on steam I decided to check it out again and WOW, many cool additions and improvements but the game still buggy.So take it for what it is a fun buggy game, but it is HUGE fun... I can go anywhere and find people to play with, joining together to defeat the monsters!"
,Recommended,224600,11816759,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Celes Psycho ツ,"Its like a MMO (ID's) Rage..First week Very coolSecond: Nice.Third.. suck badfourth you get used to some things... and its playableTrolls and hackers not lacking in this game.Also: A lot of lag, glitches, bugs..But the real problem is when you reach 5K....No more main mission. Repetitive persuits... the game becomes like empty because the purpose (ego increasing, main mission) has disappearedAwesome atmosphere.. funny, cool music, cool voices, cool sounds.Sad  the game dies after certain point because the company dont want  to spend money on a continuous storyline- Defiance city is not there btw."
76561198012275256,Recommended,224600,10631239,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Count Gumberton,"A great concept (tying a game in with a TV show) and great gameplay are marred by poor endgame content, a lack of an inventory bank, and a poor sense of progression. Worth a look if you are interested, it's free to play anyway."
76561198120253232,Not Recommended,224600,30248313,Posted: 28 February,all,PhysX dogry.pl,"some time ago  if you wanna ""be a pro"" you need to farm events  trade JPs for stuff/mods real money just give litte helpNOW:wanna kill in pvp/pve and you dont have aim skill?no problem just waste $$$  buy some boxes and get 1 hit mass kill weapon and feel freeyou no need to aim  why?  its a F nuke rocket launcher so it kill everything in extreme big rangetrion gonna kill this game and going to P2WDONT WASTE TIME FOR ITONLY BRAINLESS IDIOT WILL SPEND TIME AND MONEY FOR THAT ♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,224600,8390147,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,KILLERDAD76,bad♥♥♥♥♥game love it
76561198056626462,Recommended,224600,11325716,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Autism Supremacy,For the price of 10 dollars I paid to get this game it was well worth the price paid.I can understand why others who paid full price would be disappointed. All in all now that its free to play hopefully its playerbase grows and they add new content so I can go back to it.
,Recommended,224600,11324045,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Daeminos,Good game to start but need new content.  We were promised alot of updates and we got minimal content with jack for land expansion or new questing areas
76561198217673589,Recommended,224600,30220323,Posted: 27 February,all,BloodyAssult I Gamdom.com,"I love this game but it is difficult to recommend. Here's my longest review ever.First, a description. Defiance is an MMO with a strong single-player plot to get you through quite a few hours. The story is interesting enough and the voice acting is great! This plot acts as an extended introduction to the game world. After that, you will need to find various public happenings (seiges, arkfalls, etc.) in which to help and compete with other players. There are also instances that spawn self-contained worlds. Some of these are PvP, others are cooperative. You also have daily and weekly missions to fulfill. All in all, similar to other MMOs. You get a cool game world and then comes the endless grind.The game is very much a glass half-full thing. First, I love the look, which is post-apocalyptic without being too dark and beige. Enemies are varied and interesting. But over the long haul you get used to them. No further mobs have been introduced. (Not strictly the case, but they are variations on the tried and true.)Your own character is rendered nicely and you can dress up in different outfits, if that's your thing. Though this consists only of changing two articles of clothing. You start the game by choosing one of four classes and one of four main EGO powers, which becomes your special ability. Over time you fill out other passives, actives, and gain all four EGO powers. Then you are just the same as everyone else. Yep, everyone has the same attributes! The classes don't matter either, and races are purely cosmetic... and look similar enough. As do (most) of the costumes. You can spend real cash on stuff that is just a different colour from what you already have. Ho hum.The gunplay is very good. In fact, though I haven't played them all, combat in Defiance is the best of all MMOs. Though it is third-person, it has the feeling of a FPS, which I love. You can get and modify different guns as you go on, though to a large extent there is not much difference between these either. Until you get to end-game, when you can no longer level (increase EGO), the most important thing is the EGO of your gun. Even 100 EGO matters and that's over a scale of 6000.The game is free to play, though you will need to spend money. First, buy all the DLC by way of the Season's Pass. Really, once you discover you actually do want to play, just buy this, or you will be restricted in several annoying ways. Besides, then you get to use swords! (Not an optimal strategy and kind of orphaned, but fun anyway.)Second, you will need more inventory slots, a lot more. Third, you will need more key capacity, or you will not be able to unlock the better random gear boxes. Overall, however, you won't need to spend too much.Several things in Defiance completely suck, the main one being that the number of sucky things has been steadily increasing. So what was a decent and fun game when I started is being squeezed out of existence by Trion. To the point that I will NEVER buy another one of their games.OK, let me list the sucky things.As mentioned, classes and races DO NOT MATTER. This is not an RPG at all. Which is a wasted opportunity.Swords don't matter, they are just fun for a while. Vehicles don't really matter, since they are almost all the same. A lot of guns, likewise.Certain in-game currencies that you can get free by playing are practically useless -- you will soon have millions of clams you cannot use on anything. However, the one useful currency, used to upgrade guns (arkforge) has become rare as hen's teeth, almost impossible to grind, so you need to buy it with cash money. At insanely exhorbitant rates. Or not get cool upgraded guns.A new fun and highly challenging end-game mode called Expeditions was recently added. But to play you need to spend a brand new currency that you get only in trickles and cannot earn. So you must buy these Hunter Requisitions with cash money. Or not play. It seems that Trion is now gradually introducing features people have asked for for years, like private instances. But you must spend HR to play these!PvP sucks and is highly biased towards the higher tier players. But it is a REQUIREMENT to play PvP to build your character to the maximum cap. Some of the other necessary achievements are worse than grinding, since they rely on luck repeated over and over. Or stupid actions no-one would ever want to do. Duels. Turret kills. Driving a big truck. Say no more.Doing well in an event and getting high on the leaderboard gets you nothing. Loot is not tied to doing well. Someone might spend 15 minutes grinding and get crap, while someone else who camps and shoots a mob ONCE will get a legendary. I have no idea who thought that was a good idea, but it is an integral part of the game. Really, Defiance is one big gamble and does not reward intelligence or skill.And now we have a new rarity (Supreme) that guns can be upgraded to.... by gambling on success, paying arkforge, bought with real money. Unbelievable.Defiance could have been so much more. It could have been Godlike!! But stupid punitive decisions on the part of Trion have ruined it. Nonetheless, it's still the MMO with the best combat system, so I play it.It's a shame that someone else can't take the exact same engine and build a good game on it"
,Not Recommended,224600,33409695,Posted: 9 July,all,BIGSKINZ™,"This game was fun when it came out and the show was awesome!! Fu**ing loved it.And when the show was canceled i stoped playing the game!So for me the only reason i played the game was cos of the show!""Defiance was renewed for a 13 episode third season on September 25, 2014, which premiered on June 12, 2015. On October 16, 2015, the show was cancelled by Syfy citing financial reasons after having completed its third season.""and yes i know its not down to the makers of the show/game.the game was fun to play but best with a group of friends!! like most games that are online :P it is nice to see that the game is still going and being updated to this day,maybe its just me but the Game just got Boring after the show stoped! may have bin down to no more free stuff cos at the end of every ep, thay gave you a code for the game for ingame loot <3And like most i first Payed/played the game on xbox and must have had over 5k hour's.and only like 50h on the pc!**So this it just my rant review**"
,Recommended,224600,30130322,Posted: 23 February,all,Fhee,Love this game!
,Recommended,224600,7865885,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Augurianius,"Don't recall having put a recommendation.Honestly this game is awesome, epic, wether ur alone or with friends (don't buy the 4-way pass if your friends aren't gamers... they'll just be a waste of good money :P) this game has things from borderlands and many great FPS but the action packed in it is amazing, the effects are beautiful and the weapons made in it are AWESOME, you really feel that you're in a futuristic Sci-Fi world and best of all... you won't have time to feel bored."
,Recommended,224600,20450378,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,IIx_TMH_xII,"Does not get enough praise, brilliant game."
,Recommended,224600,14583682,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,TurtleNadz,"I personallly enjoyed this game for the short time I played it. It's simply not my cup of tea, but none the less is a great, well made game. I purchased this game shortly after it first released and was quite fun to play. I'd sit back some nights and play with my father and it was quite a bit of fun. It's F2P so honestly you have no reason not to give it a try. :)"
76561198007149623,Not Recommended,224600,11448077,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,OgreXIII,"game is fun, but still has lots of bugs and glitches that should have been worked out after being out for over a year.  If youre gonna play, save your money and dont buy their currency till they get their♥♥♥♥♥♥together.  constent dcs and time outs.  The change they made to the raid boss the Warmaster was just flat out stupid.  And 2 weeks ago they release some new cool weapons, lots of people use the currency to upgrade the weapons, then a week later they nerf the guns to be completely usless....Destiny cant get here fast enough."
76561198306996761,Recommended,224600,29825620,Posted: 10 February,all,..,Not My Type but i give a yes
76561197960912290,Not Recommended,224600,33335801,Posted: 7 July,all,Vividnightmare,"The major selling point was its tie in with the TV show, TV show got cancelled and this was all but forgotten. It didn't start F2P, it also had some serious studio backing. It turned F2P and the show got cancelled which means the studio backing got cancelled. You can guess where it went from there."
,Not Recommended,224600,26487580,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,Sou,Paid 60$ when released.Becomes F2PGets DLC added because they realised the game is too♥♥♥♥♥♥to pay upfront so they add DLC instead and make the game F2P.Only Pro - I got a challenger in game because i preordered. But♥♥♥♥♥♥game is♥♥♥♥♥♥game.Dont Download.
76561198052072415,Not Recommended,224600,8570388,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,七月丶夏,这游戏也玩了一段时间了，我也来发发感想！在目前情况看来，武器之间的平衡奇差无比，重武器没有重武器的样，伤害奇低无比。以及个别武器是人手一把，有些武器无人问津，拿火箭发射器来说，这玩意在游戏里真鸡肋，重型武器没有重型武器的伤害，不知道出来有何意义。对了，关于游戏更新！9.99美刀的DLC东西少的可怜！根本不值这个价钱，总之就是更新的东西太少收的钱却很贵，与其这样，我还不如买其他游戏!!
,Recommended,224600,8885905,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,AngryAlexShow,This is a greeat adaptation to the hit tv show on syfy. if you are a scifi fan you will love this game. But this game does have a few things wrong that grinds my gears1. it's really repedative2. the leveling up system and mission sctructure all seems rather rushedBut if you can look past those flaws then I highly recommend this game.
,Recommended,224600,21175558,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Hazza56. ツ,boguht game for like 5 quid then they made it free too plaiynerds 0/10
,Not Recommended,224600,22542060,"Posted: 20 April, 2016",all,MrFishy,Wasn't there some TV show that went along with this cause I would like to know.And this game is really bad.Don't mind my play hours most of them are on the actual launcher not steam.I also bought this game and no compesation for those who did.Don't play it it is bad.And what happened to the TV show?
,Not Recommended,224600,24884453,"Posted: 13 August, 2016",all,SMC,Pure money grubbing evil:R@pe face
,Not Recommended,224600,25389967,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Gadget,"If you are looking to get into a multiplayer experience, look elsewhere.  There are too many ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s in this game to really have fun, unless you are really lucky.  Some clans are okay, but they aren't inviting, and the ones who are don't know what the hell they are doing.  The other ones are complete♥♥♥♥♥♥♥  As far as the game itself is concerned?  A complete waste of time.  The ark falls can be fun but eveything else is incredibly repetative and boring beyond belief.  Save yourself some torment and cash."
,Not Recommended,224600,26758289,"Posted: 22 November, 2016",all,Big Dumb Object,Ride ATVs. Fight aliens. Get kinda bored.
76561198105539328,Recommended,224600,29432558,Posted: 22 January,all,bandeeto,"like borderlands and destiny put together in a F2P game. I really enjoyed this game.Down side, that one annoying chick that would not shut up.still a good game though."
76561198057429814,Not Recommended,224600,28518722,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Noheals,It sucks.
,Not Recommended,224600,29429703,Posted: 22 January,all,eousphoros,Despite 400+ hours in this game. I'm not going to be long winded. What was once an amazing and epic game is now just a rotting corpose of its former self.
76561198039438747,Recommended,224600,24347015,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Dasraken,"I entered this game knowing absolutely nothing about the show on which it is based, and after over 380 hours of gameplay (and still having not watched the show) I highly recommend it to anyone interested in 3rd person shooters, scifi-fi games, and MMOs.  The game itself has a few kinks to be worked out, mostly related to the menus and I'd like more quests and less in-world events, but for F2P game with premium expansions, you can get your feet wet for free, then go as deep as you like depending on how much you're willing to spend."
,Recommended,224600,29512665,Posted: 26 January,all,Sway Spoolin | Slanted,"if you liked the tv show, then you shouldnt have any problems investing a few hours into this game, the combat and over all enviorment is nice, the world events can be fun and can actually display what a good community should be, i mean people actually help each other and the teamwork can be refreshing if youre used to playing in games that are just toxic when it comes to trying to group up. i havent played in a while so i wouldnt take this review for anything but a few good words, but yes i would recommend the game, good luck!"
,Not Recommended,224600,29534048,Posted: 27 January,all,Marxist Thot,"I played this because my boyfriend remembered it being good a couple years ago, and basically he was wrong 0/10"
,Recommended,224600,29575802,Posted: 29 January,all,Descender,"When this game was released I played a crap ton! Was a really great, and different game at the  time. I recommend it just for the amount of content in the game. The enemies are not incredibly varied but it was still great!"
76561198048574801,Not Recommended,224600,29597341,Posted: 30 January,all,tomahawkza,Insanely overpriced download content!0/10 as you get little or no value for your money at the prices ...There is just NO WAY to justify spending that kind of money on a game to my family!!!
,Not Recommended,224600,22349200,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Divineblonde,It's Trion....  Pay to win.  Fail to free.
76561198014130413,Recommended,224600,23881056,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Nayuki,its a fun game!
,Not Recommended,224600,28656767,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Kaiie,"I initially bought this game during its initial release and found myself at a point where there was nothing left to do in it, and so I told myself I'd put it aside for a year or 2 before going back to it.I find myself quite disapointed as the game appears to have gone the full F2P mode, with a lot of paid content, and that's simply not the game I paid for. I was quite disapointed with the results upon returning and have decided that it is a game that I will most likely never touch again.GG/10"
,Recommended,224600,26808782,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Animal85,beter try this
76561197972201966,Recommended,224600,9691731,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,The_Spave,"Love this game.  There are those that say its the same thing over and over, but it is great when you just dont want to think.I love playing RPGs, RTS, etc, but those require much more work.  Defiance... you go in... you kill stuff. Awesome."
,Recommended,224600,9887250,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,qwettywap,YALL CRACKERS ARH WAHK
,Not Recommended,224600,10075147,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Dr Leo Marvin,Boring gameplay. Dull cutscenes.Paid $10 bucks to see this game go on sale over and over.Now it's free. There is a good reason for that.AVOID!
,Not Recommended,224600,8086732,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Sarge,This Game is Dooomed DO NOT BUY IT
76561198052425372,Recommended,224600,8971002,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Razkal,Realy nice shooter MMO.
76561198092706947,Recommended,224600,10085709,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,dmidd.2954,"would not recommend, I installed and it never worked, even went through all the steps at their website. just through out ten bucks"
,Recommended,224600,34822994,Posted: 8 September,all,Flybik,"Why do you ban Russian players? You damage your reputation for your company. If this is such a sanction, then this is not funny"
,Not Recommended,224600,9351975,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Mhiester,The fact that this made it to Steam would have amazed me before Greenlight.
,Recommended,224600,9187538,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,|REQ| SkunkZi [Trading],"Definately a fun game. While the community isnt growing, the devs still care about the players are release content constantly. HOWEVER: DO NOT go into this game thinking it's free, since it was a previous pay to play game, it definately has microtransactions. I bought the game before it was f2p for $15, and when they switched over to f2p, i got a few exclusives, but it was enough to keep in the fight for leaderboards and not fall behind people who constantly spent money. I would recommend putting in a little bit of money just to be able to do some extra stuff (something useful though, not a weapon crate or anything, but something like the keycode capacity upgrade, or something along the lines of that.) and if you don't want to, at least get the DLC, its actually something worth buying, not like a COD map pack or anything. The game itself plays similar to Destiny, constantly grinding, but still a ton of stuff to do. It also follows along with the TV show, so as new seasons come out, so do new missions."
76561198013300872,Recommended,224600,2833209,"Posted: 12 August, 2013",all,Runaks,хлам
,Recommended,224600,31798891,Posted: 16 May,all,DolgVlaPet,"It's allright. Gunplay is slightly off and it feels more like a RPG than a shooter game, but it's quite allright."
,Recommended,224600,13321813,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,ヽ༼ಢ_ಢ༽ﾉ☂,F2P in that the whole game is literally 100% free - there's a major lack of actual content but the drop-in drop-out co-op is unique and worth trying the game to experience.
,Not Recommended,224600,22741981,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,CMDR ali07saad,"No matter what i try, i can't get a good FPS AND PING!, every couple of months i play it here and there but it's still the same.This time it's the last time i uninstall."
,Not Recommended,224600,7741227,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,retsam1,"Horrible game.It isnt just the stability issues, the pvp imbalances and exploits, the lack of significant content that becomes all too quickly repetitive,  the lackluster DLC(s) with delays(first took close to 5 months of multiple delays before releasing, the poor support, and more.No.It is, at its core, Trion's complete and utter consistency with which they have mismanaged, every step of the way this game to the point that problems are the norm, not the exception.The recent December 10th DLC 2 release (also 5 months of hobbling/delaying) has riddled the game with yet another round of issues, nonsensical changes, and instabilities.  Even allowing players to ""test"" it didnt change the the release of it making the testing rather pointless.Dont buy into the ""well it has potential"":  8+ months in and these issues getting worse should indicate quite adequately for that to not be the case.150+ dev staff that worked on this game up to launch were now reduced to nothing after 75% staff layoff round followed 2 months later with its studio closing.  Since then(and since the take over of Scott Hartsman as CEO of Trion) the game has continued to degrade.And according to Forbes, this was an 80 million dollar budgeted game.  AAA in budget.... D- in result.Avoid this game, even at 5 bucks, if it goes free to play, or otherwise.  If you already own it thinking for 5 bucks you couldnt do worse(yet you can), dont waste your money on any of the DLC's or season's pass. Trion has more than adequately proven that they are incapable of redeeming this title or their reputation."
,Recommended,224600,22838560,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Flelark,"Honestly, a game that should have had more content. A great core system, and unique gameplay.Defiance, a new, fresh sapling, planted in the grove of TV shows, small among the larger titles, microscopic. However, it began to grow quickly, soon bringing ample fruit to Syfy. It began to grow and grow, to be almost as large as the others. The fruits were rich, and the tree ever-growing. Then, they decided to try something. Another group, another sapling, grown to intertwine with the first tree, creating a masterpiece, whilst also adding more fruit to their harvest. The second tree swiftly grew, as large as the first, maybe even larger. Both trees kept growing, and producing their fruit. Soon, though, the largest tree began to stop producing its fruit. Syfy decided it would be best to simply cut it down. They took it, leaving the younger tree alone. The tree still flourished, its fruit just as sweet as ever. That was soon to end. The tree was built upon the foundations of its elder. It was never supposed to stand on its own. It slowly began to stop growing, and slowly, its fruit, too, began to decline. The Developers tried desperately to keep it alive, to keep it well. Soon, they even went so far as to allow people the fruit, without charge. This slowly began to help, but it would never be enough to recover. The tree still dies, and there is only one thing that could save it. If they were to begin the cycle again, by planting the seed of Defiance, letting it grow in place of the elder, and supporting the other tree. Both would flourish, producing its sweet fruit again, for both the Developers, and Syfy. However, Syfy has a different plan. Planting trees that swiftly produced sub-par fruit, and die as quickly as they are grown. None surpassing the duo known as Defiance. Syfy seems to be ignoring the looming issue, that Defiance seems to have been one of the few decent trees they had planted, and they had ignored it, and simply cut it down as it began to decline."
,Not Recommended,224600,14992655,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,hawk,Dumb broken game
76561198015522171,Not Recommended,224600,33955634,Posted: 1 August,all,GeronimoR,"If you are using a mouse and a keyboard, run away. It is clearly optimised for a controller (probably PS3 as I think that is what it was originally intended for). Annoying I cannot say if it is a good game other than that because it is unplayable without a controller."
76561198094555620,Not Recommended,224600,23715954,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,JuicyJovan,Bad game. Bought it for $10 years ago and didn't expect much of it. It was better than I expected but years later still the same bugs and faults in AI for escort missions. Would not recommend playing it. Just a waste of valuable hd space that you could use for other things like pics of that hot blonde down the street for... research. Go play Borderlands 2 with  few friends  instead. You'll have a much better time.
76561198042164484,Recommended,224600,13641826,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Mars Mars,Destiny for the PC Master Race
76561197991388822,Recommended,224600,7918031,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,zaxbi,Awesome! Det er alt du trenger å vite
76561198081422764,Recommended,224600,13381944,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,jackwolf21,"Only fond this game from a youtuber, then watched the serise.I got this when you had to pay for it, even then i think its wroth the money., the bonus now is cos it's free to play they give everyone who brought the game little bonuses =]For a free to play game you can't go wrong, ok yes it can get reppetative, but a lot of MMOs can. its easy to connect with your friends through Steam and it still clocks your hours of gaming.I've brought the expantions which give you more missions, an extra area of the map ( a little small but tougher enimies) and new weapons and skins. There is no need to buy the expations unless you're really into it, so it really can just be free.Overall for a F2P you can't complain much. In MY OPINION (yes what i think so this is not fact), its a good fun game which can entertain you for hours.Download it for free and try it out yourself.(FYI, I'm dyslexic so sorry if spelling grammer and all that jazz isn't very good)."
76561198026567173,Recommended,224600,8725256,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,ChikenWaffles,Great game the only game where you can shoot anamils and not feel bad
,Recommended,224600,3807566,"Posted: 30 September, 2013",all,AwkwardYet?,Get it.
,Recommended,224600,9132535,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Sack-of-Bonbons,"Absolutely Sh*t.  Buggy as hell, takes like 9 hours to install, not fun after rank 1000, false advertising.  Overall Just a flatout piece of sh*t.  0/10 do not buy."
76561198031929890,Not Recommended,224600,10311321,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,LEVEL 5 DWARF,Worse than terrible.
,Recommended,224600,11187534,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,laker2012,seems to be a lot more content available now and it's definately fun in group play and now that it's free to play theres nothing to lose!
76561198110773672,Recommended,224600,7914794,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Devirix,very enjoyable
76561198027090104,Not Recommended,224600,20614321,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Stark Eon,Boring.
,Not Recommended,224600,29528078,Posted: 27 January,all,1_MrShadow,played the game when it started it was fun now i come back after 2 years my max level gear isnt even doing damage to anything i have to run away and hid from♥♥♥♥♥♥and its♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off i even mand a new charter ro see if i could level up and kill♥♥♥♥♥♥nope just bs after bs
,Not Recommended,224600,28344097,"Posted: 13 December, 2016",all,GgEzTm8,"since i bought this game before it went f2p, I don't recommend it at all because i got nothing out of it.I think i got it months before it became f2p, so this game is not one of my best purchases."
76561197999086196,Not Recommended,224600,29412230,Posted: 21 January,all,Mags,For a game approaching 3 years old one might think they would have spent some time trying to optimize. Lag is atrocious. Glad I did not get sucked into spending any real money on it.
,Not Recommended,224600,11274049,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,[BLD] Wolfe,"I'm sorry, I paid money for this crap and now it's F2P without warning? Where's my compensation?I bought this for FIVE OTHER PLAYERS, where's THEIRS?♥♥♥♥ yourself.Plus, the game is a ♥♥♥♥ing wreck right now, server latency is broken as♥♥♥♥♥♥ I LIVE NEXT TO THE SERVER, LITTERALY."
,Not Recommended,224600,9662515,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,JackWyn,wasted 10 hours downloading it
76561198004584361,Not Recommended,224600,11409819,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Cryog9n.,I payed for it when It was 59.99. Wish I got a credit or something back because this game sucks horribly. Don't play it and if you bought it lets try to get OUR money that we wasted on it back!
,Recommended,224600,13650350,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,The Thresher,"Haven't played a lot, but it's pretty fun. I don't know how it stacks up against other MMO's as I haven't played any others. If you like to shoot a lot of stuff for a lot of time, it's great. Find a friend though, it will make the grinding aspect far less of a chore."
,Recommended,224600,14832036,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Lihentian,"The world is huge, but really nothing to do, it is all repetative task and mindless shoting.  If you enjoy that kind of game, then defiance is for you..this game have so much potential, they could have add the theme of exploration and treasure hunting.. but i guess that is too much to expect from a mindless shoting game... Dev of this game keep to their goal of keeping this game stright foward and simple.  so do not expect anything else.p.s. btw if you are not max level it will take full clip of head shot to kill almost anything in game..  and you will always fighting against impossible odd."
,Recommended,224600,15425745,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Lord Zoot Suit,its like drowing for eternity 191/321
76561197998574766,Recommended,224600,16178900,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,DirtyDawg,Now that Glyph Straightened out thier mistaken Logon banning with me. I am satisfied with the game and its recent upgraded content.
76561198095312198,Recommended,224600,19360913,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,duijkersandy,"686.6 hrs in and still finding new stuff,Great Game, why are you not playing it."
,Not Recommended,224600,14215306,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Apostle The Fraud,"I'm trying to manage my anger. I go to work and deal with ♥♥♥♥ing morons, and I come home to read stupid♥♥♥♥♥♥on steam.Not only that, I have to deal with ♥♥♥♥♥♥ games being released charging a premium and than going F2P so russians and brazilians have something to play.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=zryovw_FD4Y"
,Recommended,224600,13991812,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,HyperStar,"i bought this on launch day, paid 40dollars. i spent 200+hours in this game, just to realize how meaningless it was to put some effort in this game. you can just keep grind grind grind grind grind all day long to find epic weapon. and when you finally get one, you will be pretty dissapointed. yeah! its rare and named is in orange color! lets look at the stats...wait, i see barely any differenth between comon weapon.this game is massive grind fest which rewards you with almost nothing. rushing to random event and showing off your name on the score board was fun, but that was back then when people actually played this game. i feel nostalgic,"
,Not Recommended,224600,10376715,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Wickedty,Got it when it costed money and now its free
,Recommended,224600,11501961,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Patakus,"This game is great! It's almost like an online Borderlands game with less guns, but it's still fun to play. It even made me start watching the TV series. :D"
,Recommended,224600,11487024,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Xial,"Grudgingly, I admit that I like this game.It has grown on me over time. The combat's not all that special, and the weaponry does leave much to be desired -- larger ammunition banks would be nice, even if I have to sacrifice other ammo to carry what I'd like.I just like the world it's in -- sure, it's post-apocalyptic and kinda dreary, complete with the equivalent of zombies (HI AFFLICTED!)... but sometimes, the fights actually get hard.By and large, people seem to work well together, even without communication in chat. Someone will often run over to pick you up if you are incapacitated. Someone's often running around with a BMG and willing to sacrifice their ability to damage things to help with keeping the team alive a little longer.I haven't run into any pay to win quirks yet. Even the tier 4 lockboxes can be acquired with in-game currency.It is, however, worth it to try to locate an original Defi box set, and activate the code. The perks are worth the minimal cost."
,Recommended,224600,9780305,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Emeriss,a good game
,Recommended,224600,10351787,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Ser Twenty Goodmen,Awesome
76561198000739958,Recommended,224600,11456255,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Mantaria,"Ok .... Let me start by saying I bought the game on sale for $5.00.Before F2P began.As of today I have invested 878 hours into the game so I think I know the game inside and out.The game is great TILL you reach the 5000 ego cap.Then it becomes completely boring.True you can raise the cap about another 700 or so with dlc and completing every pursuit but the end result is the same ... you simply get bored after 5000 (Higher with DLC).The Warmaster was the last great challenge that kept me going for a while but then it was nerfed and the game died.Dont get me wrong the game is definatelty fun.You will enjoy the level system , looking for that great gun or shield and the thrill of big arkfalls but after a while you will say to yourself ... ""Why am i doing this over and over again."".PVP is great IF you are a high ego character .. if you arent expect to be owned over and over again.There is no skill matching system so low ego players will have to try to survive on wits and skill against high ego players with extremely powerful weapons.There are a few idiots in PVP as in all online shooters but they are few so its a good run really.Its a shame more thought and variety wasn't put into this game because the potenial of a great mmo is here .The sci-fi theme is good .. the graphics are good , the controls are good .... The only thing that lets it down is variety.Its no WOW you wont be here for years.if you play it hard like I did it will be over in a few months.As for the dlc Arkbreaker and Arktech are about all you need if you want them.Go in a F2P play for a while see how quickly you level up and then decide if you want to invest more time as you may get bored later on .Happy gaming."
,Recommended,224600,13294456,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,TheVoiceOfTravis,This game is cool but im not sure why they made a show out of it. The show blows but the game is good.
,Not Recommended,224600,7778204,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,TheNotoriousRNG,"How could they mess this up? TV show license, RIFTS world event mechanics, sci-fi post-apoc theme. And it's SO BORING. No wonder no one is playing it. I'm sorry guys, you dun goofed."
,Recommended,224600,8361815,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Volkun,"Very good game, one of the best mmo's I've played in some years. Putting together the sci-fi, appocalyptic worl/wasteland, guns and racing !"
,Recommended,224600,8046639,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Rayrran,"I have truly like the game, world bosses, co-op instance, missions, you are always besides someone. You have here a wonderful experience here for 9.99 and it got a nice show to go for. 8/10"
,Recommended,224600,7846020,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,General Cunt Stomper,A good MMO but this can be quite linier is the mission aspect but if you want to kill hordes of creatures and get cool loot and still play for the dialy updates this is for you.
,Recommended,224600,8210361,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Glaice,"Old review: Not impressed even after an hour's into the game.New review: Yes, it's a third person shooter mainly. RPG elements and general silliness so it's best with a friend or two to check the game. A fair bit repetitive but good to burn time if you want to kill stuff."
,Recommended,224600,8381440,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,orange apple,"Damn this is some good stuff, I can see a lot of hours with this game in front of me in the future! RECOMMENDED!"
,Recommended,224600,8935732,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,ViTALiiTii,meh it ok
,Recommended,224600,746260,"Posted: 5 May, 2013",all,Runesire,Enjoying it.  Casual shooter with lots of achievement thingys to work on.
76561197997770523,Recommended,224600,9212081,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Stabage,"This game is fun, Metacritic was too harsh and so were the users. This game will not win any awards, but it has enough entertainment to get you your 10$ worth. Also I'll play with you :)"
76561198032914268,Recommended,224600,8187579,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,crazie8,"Defiance is not that bad but it's also not all that good.However, it is a decent TPS multiplayer shooter that does provide some enjoyment.Essentially, this game becomes extremely repetitive in a very short amount of time. Everything about it is mediocre. It really does nothing all that great.The vast amount of bugs, bad balance, terrible chat, smallest MMO game world I have seen, small amount of content/story, boring grinds, and awful design decisions tends to drag this game down.Like say....PvP. Worst ever!However, I do enjoy the PvE MMO aspect since it's fun to mindlessly kill the terrible AI; it takes no skill what so ever +1.This game is really easy to play which is about it's only saving grace and the reason why I still log on occasionally. Mowing down hordes of enemies with up to 50 players at once is kinda cool which no other current online shooter I know of offers this atm.The shooting is pretty smooth and fluid so it's quite playable.Lastly, chasing loot can keep a player going even if the RNG is awfully bad. It is a nasty grind though, so beware.Problem is, the content in this game is lacking and due to the now bare bones dev team: new content and updates are far and few between + poor in quality/quantity. :(Recommending Defiance only if you can get it for 5 bucks or less. It's good fun as a PvE game if you want to relax and shoot hapless AI.Rating: 6/10"
,Recommended,224600,8380714,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,any,The one and only MMO for me! Not too complicated and very good for beginners!
76561197970640236,Recommended,224600,10375680,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Gene Six,Good game but lacks a sense of community.  I've never felt so alone in an MMO and I'm a lone wolf...
,Recommended,224600,10941326,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,PULS3,"Amazing game while it lasted,and its free now. however i played the beta and the bugs were funny so i enjoyed thyem but most of them have been patched now.If you don't have it i reccomend people getting it off their website. :)"
76561197983590748,Not Recommended,224600,11027956,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,robertcorbett9,boring
,Recommended,224600,11111821,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Thunder Dinker,"When I bought it, I didn't know if I would ever play it. I had nothing else on steam that I really wanted, so I bought this and it sat in my library. 6 months later, I wanted to try something new. I scrolled through my steam library and found Defiance. When I had made my account, downloaded the patches, and launched it,  I fell in love. I liked the gameplay and I really started to enjoy the story. I am happy that I bought this when I had nothing else to buy and I hope others enjoy it too."
,Recommended,224600,11615560,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,KAYSR();,This game failed so much that it started at $50. Now this is a free-to-play game.
,Recommended,224600,9788569,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,DemoN,Have fun long time ^^
,Recommended,224600,8443862,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,vanadiumz,"Screw APB, Screw CrimeCraft, Screw all the other TPS MMORPG's and get with Defiance!"
,Recommended,224600,30245028,Posted: 28 February,all,HyperFreakZ,gr8 game to pass some good time :D
,Recommended,224600,23791805,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,Bala,"I recomend this game, even if the development goes for a different direction as I like. The game is fun even if you solo it. Concentrate on the first season content, that is awesome, and the others are ok. I return to the game every half year for a week or two, because I love it. No need any dlc to have fun, so download it and have fun! :)"
,Recommended,224600,7935125,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,ScrotoBaggins,This game is amazing
,Recommended,224600,1161211,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,-=PR=-Yusuf,what people say about this is mostly just bs. it is a great game but get iton sale.
,Recommended,224600,30124602,Posted: 23 February,all,Sahand V,Addictive and fun. At first I couldn't believe there is such a good multiplayer / co-op game in steam! And more strangely it's free!!!
,Not Recommended,224600,30131803,Posted: 23 February,all,✪ twitch.tv/sknkz,"It's definately a fun game in the very beggining but after a while or after you have maxed a character or two it just gets dull. Glyph you need to add more content into the game, pretty much all the instances are exactly the same."
,Not Recommended,224600,8601975,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,IndiVestor,Good idea but it is just a theme park. I have had enough of Blackpool Pleasure Beach.
76561198070540970,Recommended,224600,10361415,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,UndeadSpartan,Its like a first person shooter mmo. its perfect!
76561198025478007,Recommended,224600,7908654,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,dread,"this game rocks ""two thumbs up """
,Recommended,224600,7766163,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Darien,Nice mmo shooter
,Recommended,224600,29657056,Posted: 2 February,all,LUNGARNO,this game is k
,Recommended,224600,11566812,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Clone303,after over 9000 years and now it's free to play :P i pay for this man when it still waas one time pay to play but i hope this free for play can save it for it's okey fun game
,Recommended,224600,30210767,Posted: 26 February,all,sbondo1234,I'VE PLAYED THIS 2 AND A HALF TIMES
,Recommended,224600,9796225,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,The Punisher,"Highly recommended game ahead!I addicted to the game, and for example-my EGO lvl (overall level) went higher than some friends who started playing before me.The graphics aren't the best, but the game is worth the 10$ (I bought during the -50% sale), butif there wouldn't a sale, I would be bought it anyway-Great community who is willing to help, great and wide ranged activities and events,and large amount of vehicles, weaponry and armors, but its hard to understand how toimprove your armor..So, if you're looking for a great MMO game, Im sure you will like it.9\10 from me"
,Recommended,224600,31511721,Posted: 2 May,all,Roachykins,It's alright for a F2P.
,Not Recommended,224600,23943320,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),a horrible attempt to make a video game out of a tv series.
76561198061718209,Recommended,224600,27343564,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,bryman777,Aewsome game !!!!
76561198061344032,Not Recommended,224600,20983914,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Evil Kermit,Wish I could of gotten a refund for this piece of garbage.
,Not Recommended,224600,21612902,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Men In Ghost Costumes,UGGGGGG I SPENT LIKE OVER 2 ♥♥♥♥ING YEARS ON THIS GAME BUT NOW ALL MY♥♥♥♥♥♥IS GONE ♥♥♥♥ THIS GAME MAN
,Not Recommended,224600,24751198,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Hobo Mel,"Hows it goin?The names, Foster... 💀Im a Demon, Sent from the wastlands of the Glowing Sea, where we were cast out, and through disaster and devostation, we lost our innocense. It is in that moment, that feeling, the feeling of powerlessness. It is in that feeling where good men, turn cruel. I on the other hand, know this feeling, and will do everything in my power, to make sure no man must bere that feeling, alone.So step up, if you want to get burn't 🔥"
,Recommended,224600,7697599,"Posted: 19 November, 2013",all,MIKΞ_J,"Played 150 hours, then threw the game. Now, again, the game, addictive as before is not time to look back as we have enough of 15 hours. If you have not bought this game, what are you waiting for? It is worth the money + DLC extending our game a lot of possibilities!"
76561198059230740,Not Recommended,224600,8641528,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,PoppaDiddyPuff,Yuck
,Recommended,224600,7882787,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Ethiopian Meal Deal,Best gam eye play su far (Hooray for bad grammar!)
,Recommended,224600,35272728,Posted: 28 September,all,jtbruce,"I thought this game got a bad rep and I felt the connection to the TV series was very clever. Not trying to spoil anything, but to find the real story behind the Defiant few was very powerful and shows the horrors of war.  If you watched the TV series you can see how Nolen would look down or ashamed when they called him one of the defiant fee.  I liked the episodes they added, Defiance just had the same problem as most MMOs with end game being sucky.  Also I am not a big PvPer, but being a very big PvE player, the PvP was actually very good.  Also I did like the challenges they added into the game to give players things to do.  On top of the bad end of game content, the missions got very repeditive and also the random small events would trigger WAY TOO OFTEN.I have not played in the last very expansions but I am thinking of dusting off my account and diving back in by restarting my game."
,Not Recommended,224600,9699546,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Sacred,Meh.
76561198042435430,Not Recommended,224600,9699795,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Anita Poundin,♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,224600,9894866,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,Rocket Pig,PAY = WIN NO PAY = NO WIN FUN = NO
,Not Recommended,224600,8759981,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Tha Lonely Donkey Kong,Don't bother. It's a dead game. Take your money elsewhere.
,Not Recommended,224600,9705452,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,OUR BOY ELIOT GOT THE JOB,Sucks hefty wang.
76561198037910259,Not Recommended,224600,8987678,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Uckermann,I thought this to feel like a MMO.. I was wrong..
,Recommended,224600,8024194,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Yuri,buy it you ♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,224600,8160780,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Dian Nao Chong,"My game had a bug in it, the second quest after the starting tutorial wasn't able to be completed. I went to the forums where a lot of people had this issue, and they stated to restart the game over and over and retry the mission until it worked. It could take 2-4 times, it could take 20-40 times. I tried twice and I gave up on this garbage. Stay away."
76561198017147505,Not Recommended,224600,16216304,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,Cabaniz,"Broken and doesn't launch on steam.   It used to be a half decent game, but who knows now... no support.   Save your time and try something else."
,Recommended,224600,3160965,"Posted: 27 May, 2013",all,Volundark,don't buy
,Recommended,224600,8243376,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Ayyy Lmaooo,good
,Not Recommended,224600,10891344,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,AllegroMk2,"far too many baddies far too busy, no time to enjoy the game or even get used to the controls. very poor experience"
76561198022606467,Recommended,224600,14888680,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Zmajlajka,good
,Not Recommended,224600,14111041,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,ELS,If I had to choose between my ex-wife and playing this game again I would choose to die.
76561197975196220,Recommended,224600,678031,"Posted: 11 August, 2013",all,konabud,good multiplay action game
,Not Recommended,224600,15462104,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,NorthEastLacrosse,"I dont know why this game has any positive reviews, its boring, outdated, ugly, you name it. I cant even compile a proper review, its just awful."
76561197982460604,Not Recommended,224600,14426517,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Covanine,"This game in my book has failed completely.   It doesnt seem like Glyph has tried to make it better at all.  Its merely online because they might as well have it for the daily 1,000 players logged in playing.  (according to launcher)  The game is even more empty than when it first launched.  Before you would barely see some people here and there.  If there is a public event going there seems to be tons of players the sec it ends they all dissapear to somewhere.   This game is still very glitchy and to be honest the game could have been fixed and changed by now.  Very dissapointed with this title and overall  Glyph itself.  Had plenty of time to change the game but now its too late.  Not worth playing or investing any amount of time into.  Better free to play games out there."
,Recommended,224600,8024322,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,DaddyWarbucks,"Okay, I got to admit, THIS GAME RULES! Not to mention, there is a CHANCE (slim I am sure,) of actually getting on Telivision!?! That ALONE is got to be the best IDEA any gaming (SYFY and TRION) and Movie production company HAS EVER DONE!This ""IDEA"" will allow some AVRAGE person (like you and me!) to get on TELEVISION! (Now that IS a DANM good IDEA for Marketing!)"
76561197972607142,Recommended,224600,10371000,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,g4ng,Free to play.  You like Fallout?  Of course you do!  You'll like this.
,Not Recommended,224600,8168901,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Rozzy,The game's a scam. Don't waste your time.
76561197970405861,Not Recommended,224600,8609593,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Iccstalker,"terrible game, waste of money, extremely limiting on what you can do,"
76561198073047062,Recommended,224600,11492896,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,NANI!? OMAE WA MOU SHINDEIRU,wow i bought this game now its free to play
,Not Recommended,224600,19245868,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Jackal,"No real point to the class system, mission system, UI, crafting, ect...vehicles are straight forward.Another micro transaction game, not exactly pay2win  but for how they nickel and dime you for anything decent you'd think there would be alittle more substance.Was a creative idea having the game progress with the syfy show.... But the show is being cancelled so take a guess at the future of the game."
,Recommended,224600,6337255,"Posted: 12 July, 2013",all,Solitario Leone,"I love it, honestly when i got it played for 5 hours, Great combat, teamwork, massive multiplayer, About 100 of us was fighting one boss!"
,Recommended,224600,8771499,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Psiursus,Kansas state law requires pedestrians crossing the highways at night to wear tail lights
76561198046771175,Recommended,224600,16939507,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Sherlock Hom0 :3,it is a good game. I have bought it for 20 dollars. but then a few years later its free. I may be a little♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off. but thats okay because now we have more friends to play with.Otherwise Great Game.
76561198023368978,Not Recommended,224600,16943915,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,DumbStar,"seem like the game have no NEW STORY LINE MISSION for almost 6 months  ...... i stopped playing for long time because no NEW mission to play , repear old mission again and again and again and again and again and again ........................"
,Not Recommended,224600,8979082,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,[FGS]Thelappie,"A really refreshing MMO that doesn't have all the fantasy driven elements like dwarfs and elfs and so on.Also a good variety of quests, side quests, dynamic events all over (although many are to repetetive), weapons and characters.Updated this review to not recommended since like many other free to play MMOs this has begun the path to pay to win. You can not, repeat, CAN NOT play end game without spending real money.Play the game for a few hours, days if you wish. It's still good at start but fastly becomes boring, repetitive and soon you will realize that you Have to buy ingame currencies and more from real money."
,Recommended,224600,8600480,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,F0X,"Pretty fun to play with friends, a little difficult to manage the menus and partner up and gameplay gets a bit repetative. It's pretty awesome how the story works with the TV show and the game. Though I got bored of it after about 26 hours.*update 2015*I am happy to say this game continually updates with content to keep you coming back for more after a hiatus. I still enjoy hopping on for a bit and playing in the world of defiance. Here's to hoping for season 4!"
,Recommended,224600,8024999,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Stryxx,AMAZING!!!
,Recommended,224600,307177,"Posted: 3 April, 2013",all,ValidGoblin,"At this point i am only taking my first steps into defiance, and it is not the game i thought it was. i was exspecting a traditional MMO experience. But instead defiance follows the lines of planetside and Huxley. Its a third person shooter, based around PVE and PVP. and i can sum it up in one sentence...""Borderlands the MMO""Certainly worth a look, and so far it has been good fun."
,Recommended,224600,809294,"Posted: 23 March, 2013",all,GR00V3R,"Defiance is an MMO with a difference, and that difference is not that it has a TV show tie-in. The big difference is that it's actually a solid game despite being an MMO.From that statement, you can probably tell that I have not been much of a fan of MMOs in the past. From ""World of Warcraft"" to ""Conan"" to ""Rift"", I have found MMO gameplay to be repetitive (which is fine) but not engaging (which is not fine) and the storytelling sub-par (the exception being BioWar's ""Star Wars: The Old Republic"", but even that was pretty pants), and that the presence of randoms within my gameworld turned out to be detrimental rather than enhancing. Even worse is that all MMOs seem to basically play like ""World of Warcraft"", so there is little competitive advantage to be found from one MMO to another; you may as well just play ""World of Warcraft"", being the biggest and arguably the best of the bunch thanks to more than a decade of continuous development.[ASIDE: I should say that I really want to like MMOs, especially MMORPGs, but I just haven't enjoyed them for the above reasons. They may be great MMOs, but, for me, they have failed to be fun and engaging games. I have typically given up around Level 40 in most MMOs, which is purely coincidence. I have had several friends of mine who play ""World of Warcraft"" say words to the effect that they agree the majority of the game is awful as you ""level up"", but that the end-game is great if you can persevere...but that argument just doesn't hold water for me; I refuse to be punished for 40 hours on the off chance I finally enjoy what follows.]Enter ""Defiance"", an MMO that tries to be a decent third-person action game and an MMO. And you know what? It succeeds. ""Defiance"" has more in common with games like ""Mass Effect"" and ""Halo"" than it does any MMO I can think of. Those comparisons probably tell you all you need to know about the shooter gameplay, so I won't labour the point; suffice to say, it is a solid shooter. And it is a shooter. It is not an RPG-style MMO; there is no character progression to speak of--weapons come in classes, such as Pistol, SMG, Assault Rifle and so on, but the stats of each class does not change as you level up with EGO powers and perks (think biotics from ""Mass Effect""), and the rarer loot-drop weapons you collect only ever add between 1% and 5% here or there to weapon stats.The ""Defiance"" PVP offering most closely resembles the ""Battlefield"" series, albeit a very arcade-like version thereof. The net result of the weapon system described above, though, is that new players can readily compete directly with old-hand players. There is no ""I'm a Level 35, so I can kick your puny Level 30♥♥♥♥♥..but that guy is a Level 40, so I'm ♥♥♥♥ed"" moment in this game, which is something I really like.I have now completed the first major mission arc, and I am really enjoying the storytelling -- much more than any other MMO, with the possible exception of ""Star Wars: The Old Republic"". The writing is decent without being great, and the characters are crafted to ""acceptable"" levels.My biggest gripe is the dearth of real story content after the first campaign. Months later and we have yet to see any real ""meat"" to continue your story. That annoys me as I was enjoying the Halo-style storytelling to this point, and Trion has very much dropped the ball by not giving me more.This was supposed to be a quick review, so I'll wrap up with this: Defiance is a solid third-person shooter with limited RPG elements...if you don't expect it to be anything more than that, you can have a lot of fun with it. If you're looking for something to take over from WoW, though, this is not that game.Subjective Assessment: 7/10"
76561197982591238,Recommended,224600,939336,"Posted: 7 May, 2013",all,ModestMVP,"Do not like bugs and mutants? A good SciFi shooter with lot of weapon mods, good quick Co-op instances. And you still think to play or not to play?"
,Recommended,224600,1446776,"Posted: 2 April, 2013",all,krisplettuce,third person borderelands roided out
,Recommended,224600,1909185,"Posted: 5 June, 2013",all,[V13]Dizazter,"Defiance is an interesting mixed bag of an MMO. It is an instanced based one time cost game, like Guild Wars. So there's no fee, although there are some very light micro transactions. The neat thing is its actually a very fun third person shooter, which is just plain fun to play. There are also vehicles which help you traverse the landscape in addution to fast travel points. Basically there are no classes, and there is no real point of starting additional characters, other than asthetics. The skill system is a web of 4 Powers surrounded by various perks which give mild benefits. You can only have one Power active at a time. The world is relatively large, but not massive.Of course the game has the tie in with the TV show, which I find mediocre at best. There are temporary episodic missions that tie into characters from the show (but not Defiance itself), otherwise the standard game does not tie in at all, it just takes place in the same world. The strangest thing about the whole game, is that you never venture to Defiance at all, which is in St. Louis, the entire game takes place around what was San Francisco, no where even close. Why the game is called Defiance at all, really only makes sense from a marketing perspective.It is a good deal of fun, Even just offroading through the world and running over scavengers is a good time.  Generally each mission tends to decend into a you vs the waves of the horde scenario. Which is fun, albeit not a lot of depth there. The story is very forgettable, and you're about as attached to the characters as that saltine on the floor over there."
,Recommended,224600,4035233,"Posted: 14 May, 2013",all,FaolanHart,"After playing this for a bit I gave the show a try, only up to episode 4 as by the time of writing this only 4 episodes are out & so far it’s so cliché that even calling it cliché seems redundant. Nothing about the show is unique in anyway. It’s like they bought the How To Make A Sci-Fi Show Like Every Other One For Dummies. Yet it’s oddly cool, oddly interesting & oddly enjoyable even though it borrows from oh so many places that it’s more like a fan fiction than a real show. The game you ask? The game is exactly the same. The voice acting is bad, the story is cliché, the quests all involve you going somewhere & holding E on a few things & nothing about it is unique in any way.So why am I recommending it? Well like the show for as less than average as it is I found it oddly enjoyable, the combat never got old even though I rarely replaced my weapons since I almost always got worse loot than the items I already had & that’s pretty much what carried it. Well that & the fact that it’s the least-social MMO I’ve ever played, never forced me to look for a group & is completely solo-able. That is an experience I’ve NEVER had with an MMO & to me is a good thing as I want a vast open world RPG in my MMO not a lets stand around for hours looking for a group or grinding just to progress. Yeah this is another recommendation where I ♥♥♥♥♥ about it more than praise but if the 70 hours of playtime is anything to go by you can bet that I by no means hated it & rather enjoyed it. Not going to win a spot in a top games of the year list but it’s enjoyable for what it is. Now I think I’m going to start the episode missions."
,Recommended,224600,4463219,"Posted: 21 April, 2013",all,Dom Ratte Mobile,"Pretty cool game, addictive free world to many games combined into one to compare fallout borderlands skyrim etc etc..."
,Recommended,224600,4796577,"Posted: 3 July, 2013",all,Razorflamekun,"This game has all the makings of an incredible game.  The plot is good, the graphics are good, and how the game was put together was good.  There are a few flaws, such as the lack of different mobs to fight and the lack of different equipment types (in my opinion), but the positives of this game FAR outweigh the negatives.  I can easily say that I will spend at least 500+ hours playing this game.There is a veritable pantheon of things for you to do in the game, which always keeps you busy, and you are constantly updating your gear as you find better gear.  The gear rarity could be a little improved, as it is right now, you'll probably spend 20-30 hours playing the game before you get your first Orange-rated weapon/grenade/shield, but still, this game is a must get!Putting a little real-life money into the game also goes pretty far.  For $30, I got 30 more inventory slots, several lockboxes (boxes with assorted loot inside), and a cool outift for my character to wear.  If you have the money to put into the game, you'll be surprised at how far it will go :)One last point, this game is best played with a friend or three :)"
,Recommended,224600,7692068,"Posted: 18 November, 2013",all,Red Shamrock,"I hope this game has a future, because couple of hours gave me a lot oа positive emotions."
76561197979741816,Recommended,224600,7774238,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,SGT R Lee Ermey,This game was quite fun to explore and go through.  Although very repetitious the coop nature of it all made it quite fun.  I did get my money's worth.It was nice to have an accurate FPS online.  Although the events tended to be extremely boring and repetitive.I would recommend playing it for sure.
,Recommended,224600,7794318,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Necreao,"I love this game. It has so much to offer such as, vehicles, guns, skill tree's, loadouts, outfits, huge world bosses, ect. It's not perfect (there was a few bugs on release and bugs always happen tbh) but, it's a ton of fun especially with friends.Edit: There was a way that you could get 100% dmg reduction but that has been patched as ofPatch 1.108"
76561197977835274,Recommended,224600,7850262,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,ChubbyNinja,it's a really fun shooter with friends. some of the battles are pretty epic.
,Recommended,224600,7872550,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,BlackExor,<3
,Recommended,224600,7879362,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,betrayedgambit,An awesome game worth playing
,Recommended,224600,7901801,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,chaz286,This game is brilliant
,Recommended,224600,9771214,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,schenzai,"I enjoy playing it when watching show. Its nice to see whole world in the game. I like that it´s similar to borderlands I think, and i love borderlands so i really like this game too."
,Recommended,224600,9817688,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Slaytronic,Defiantly worth the money  if playing with a group of friends otherwise playing single player is pretty boring.If you know others that have it buy this game.
,Recommended,224600,1486747,"Posted: 11 August, 2013",all,Hicsy,Dear god don't buy this on steam just buy it outright so you dont have the ♥♥♥♥♥♥ steam updater uninstalling all the patches that came from the defiance launcher/updater!
76561197982155172,Recommended,224600,923549,"Posted: 21 April, 2013",all,BMW M Power,Its AWESOME!!!
76561198049760615,Recommended,224600,5437659,"Posted: 24 July, 2013",all,Criptonix100,"!WARNING! DONT BUY THE GAME! THE DEVS ARE TROLLING! I BUYED IT 49,99 EUROS AND NOW IT'S 9,99 YOU ARE SUCH ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥S DEVS!"
76561197971107481,Recommended,224600,7850621,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Jumbo,"(You should at least try it out for 1-2hrs after the tutorial area before forming your opinion)Its one of the only satisfying MMO's I've been able to find since City Of Heroes.More fun then I thought it would be, tons of content, vehicles, wide range of weapons, powers, and custom clothing. I enjoy it more then the shoot outs in mass effect."
76561197963676018,Recommended,224600,8366951,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,InsaneBeing,"Defiance, I started trying it after i saw it on my Rift boot screen.Game type: MMORPG-FPSPlay-time: +- 20hours,Replay Time: 40 to 200 Hours Solo, More if you like having fun with others.Defiance is not your typcial shooter, Its partial bassed on Fantasy mmorpg game called rift, but twisted to a futuristic shooter.It hase a decent story line but it could use some improvment it doesent feel very conected, and the game is not realy finished so no end story yet.The game goals are to, shoot your way true the story line and unlock do many side objects. while doing this you your character levels, you will be able to choose from a skill table, to unlock perks (passive/active skills), and gather lost of difrent weapons where you can find your own battle style with. weapons have a customize options but not very mutch.Battles: the game hase small batles,big ones, and co-op maps (dungons).example small battle: you drive on the road and see a truck with a few troubled npc's, there being atacked by a group of raiders, fight the raiders of and save the npc's, this takes from 1 minit to 5 minits average. you get some action and get some xp reward, + the thrash item that drop to sell for other curentcy or own use.Example Big battle: there are 2 kinds of battles arkfalls and sieges,Arkfall: space debries drop down, and multiple waves of enemies spawn you have to defeat these to compleet a arkfall it can be done solo but most times its done with 3 to 20 people, the reward xp+key codes, key codes can be used to unlock loot boxes for a chance of beter weapons.Mayor Arkfall: i think its +- 1se a hour or maybe a litle faster a mayor one apears, you have to clear multiple normal arkfalls, and after that the mayor one spawns, here you have a bigger battle area and a end boss, that you have to fight with multiple people so far i have seen these been killed by minimum 5 people up to 80 people. the battles consist mostly on shooting mutch damage as you can, and staying alive, and helping others to survivel, if you have the right weapons to heal them.Sieges: These apear 1se every 1hour and 20minits on the map, the goal is to protect multiple flag points. upgrade turrets that are pre-determent, and kill as mutch as you can as fast as you can, you have 15minits in total to get lots of action here, the higer you score the beter the reward, as you become experienced in the game, its not hard any more to always get to score needed for the best rewards. these sieges also train your weapon skills fast, and give you keycodes+xp+lots of trash loot.The game also hase a co-op map system, its like a dungeon in a mmorpg game, it lets you play with 4 people, averagely these maps are to easy at the moment for a experienced mmorpg player, but the offer some fun and good farming/training area.The game also hase pvp but only in matches no open world pvp, except for duals if you accept them or chalange some body else, there are 64 player matches, and smalles ones. to play these matches you simply go to your menu and click join on the ones you want to play and as soon as there are enoug players for a match you get droped in.This is my review for now, my persenol thought about the game is that its a nice game. and offers some great game play by changing from clasical Rift/world of warcraft, to a mmorpg-fps, the action is fast. it doesent take to mutch time to play if you quickly want to play but dont have to mutch time but if you looking for a game to play 4 to 10hours a day this game will get you bored fast, unless you like to endlessy like to repeat what you did with no end goal.Im looking forward for this game to be more developed and more expanded so that it might offer more variation. and 1 day become a game that has as mutch play valeu as a traditional fantasy mmorpg.Sory for my bad grammar im not a native english write/speaker myself,Greatings InsaneBeing,"
76561198051984074,Recommended,224600,8700078,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Moist Plumz,"Much better than show... pretty close to borderlands mixed with mass effect.  Needs more story added and maybe some different map area's, but with Season 2 of the show to still be released this game could go from a solid $5 investment to a $20 must buy."
76561198082880094,Recommended,224600,8842920,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Someone,"Recommended. 9/10Light hearted fun, with an absence of bugs.Sci-Fi Lite"
,Recommended,224600,3398311,"Posted: 12 July, 2013",all,A$ap Cocky,"IGN confuses the crap out of me. I feel like they dont review games based on how fun they are anymore (or maybe never have idk) but on how showy the game is. Defiance is not super polished, but it is very very fun. I have played through the story quests 3 times now, and still enjoy playing the game. sprinting around blasting npc enemies in the face, collecting new and exotic weapons, and driving across the teraformed terrain is not hard, but it is a great way to pass the time. And for those who want difficulty you can join up in pvp matches that are far from easy (depending who you play against of course) and try out your new guns against others. I would give this an 8 at least."
,Recommended,224600,3622226,"Posted: 15 May, 2013",all,T9X 69,"Fantastic game, but not for everyone. Gameplay is top notch, but doesn't have the traditional feel of an MMO. Trion is taking good care of this game and constantly improving. The TV show tie-ins are picking up and it's getting better and better each week. If you're looking for some great fun, this is the game for you."
76561198052149352,Recommended,224600,5572481,"Posted: 29 September, 2013",all,[LEO] Jasper,"Played many MMOs and this is the first 3rd person shooter type.  It is different in the traditional sense of ""leveling"". Even a new person can be just as good as a veteran with practise.  The equipment and gear is all ""stat"" dependent. Meaning that traditional colors of gear do not mean anything but the stats they have.  You only have to create ""one"" character  cause the game lets you eventually have 5 different load outs on one toon.  I will say this though, it gets very repetative and after playing through the storyline you find yourself just trying to advance you own personal skills and seek those orange legendary weapons that have just one extra stat then the purple epics.  All in all, it is a change from the norm and very easy to learn."
,Recommended,224600,7450764,"Posted: 22 October, 2013",all,[USMC]*Gen*ICEMAN,"I'm really enjoying this game.  Open world, freedom to decide how you do what you want to do.  Some questing is required just to get the basics but once you get out there, you can join in all of the world events and gain experience without being required to follow the storyline.I do recommend however to immerse yourself in the storyline, it helps move you forward and gives you some rewards.  Might not be the best equipment but it will help to fuel your tinkering to build the best equpment or fill your wallet with scrip."
,Recommended,224600,7788508,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,KrisMOTO23,like a third person borderlands with many people
,Recommended,224600,9511368,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Idiocynical,"It's an MMO for people who don't like MMO's. Playing solo is perfectly valid but pairing up is fun. With decent gunplay, great looting and questing, voice acted cutscenes / exposition and a price that's hard to argue with as well as no sub fee, this gets my seal of approval."
76561198072942481,Recommended,224600,9704503,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,sigmacenturion,This game is worth the money all the issues from the early release are fixed and there is a lot of content to be had not including 4 dlc packs.
76561198011337140,Recommended,224600,9733858,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Valkaar,"So, you're debating whether or not to buy Defiance, given that the critics were not kind to it for its less than stellar launch.But I want you to take a moment and think.When did any MMO have a perfect launch?Even World of Warcraft had it's fair share of bugs and glitches.Most of these problems are fixed by now, anyhow.The shooting feels incredibly satisfying.The driving, while nothing to write home about, feels stableand it's awesome to plow down your enemies with your vehicle.Athough, I would love to have a vehicle that allowed shooting, or allowing a friend to ride along and shoot.As far as content goes, aside from the main quest,you can do a multitude of stuff ranging from world events (for example saving ranchers from raiders or participating in a skirmish against the Volge), to questlines related to the show ( which are marked as 'Episodes'), various sidequests ranging from easy to hard and mini-games.Besides that, there's also Co-op and PvP skirmishes, but I haven't experienced much of these so I can't offer my opinion on them.And it seems that, as the show continues so will the story of the game.If you like the show or a sci-fi nut like me, give it a chance. You won't be dissapointed."
,Recommended,224600,9885516,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Ogre,"Great game. Lots of fun storyline and world events. The weapons and combat are great, and feel great. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,224600,7769202,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Blanco,"Amazing, great mmo its worth 10 dollars, the show isnt the best imo"
76561198077437868,Recommended,224600,7805967,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,The Mexican,awesome  game play
,Recommended,224600,3748862,"Posted: 11 April, 2013",all,Bot_Jozka,"A nice MMO that breaks the whole button mashing combat system, instead being a 3rd person shooter so your effectiveness in combat is based more on your ability to shoot straight rather showing up with a bigger boot."
76561198080047851,Recommended,224600,7851779,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,MentalBreak,its a ok gameits worth at least 5 bucks its a game ment to play with a group or friends so if you are a solo gamer do not get this game lolits not realy fun to play alone
,Recommended,224600,7856054,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,musinic,"Defiance is fun for casual gamers. There is a lot of content (quests, mini-events, Coop/PvP instances), but not that much end-game content (PvP is still fun for when you've done all quests).Gameplay, story, and coop are very decent, but might seem too simple/easy for hardcore gamers.The concept of adding content as the TV show progress was interesting, but asside from the first few months, new content is rather rare. And that's what disapoint me much: they sell the game and have a In-Game Store, but have less new content than many free-to-play MMO.Maybe Season 2 will change that, but I don't plan to purchase any more DLC."
,Recommended,224600,9258064,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,ColoNELU,best mmo to play with xbox controler.
,Recommended,224600,9992813,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,[NoIQ]Arin Hardie,"Overall great MMO, My only problem with it is wherever I go I feel Like I'm too low level to explore the area, but of course that's how I feel with most MMO's, but still, I recommend this for whoever feels the need to play a Sci-fi MMO"
,Recommended,224600,285101,"Posted: 9 April, 2013",all,Shooter Swag,"Fun game, tons to do, above-average story and good gameplay.  Only drawbacks I see is the price and it's 3rd person.  A better price would be $40 or $50 tops, but still no regret about buying it.  Hopefully the TV series will deliver well.   8/10 rating."
,Recommended,224600,4691714,"Posted: 26 April, 2013",all,The Quenchiest,"Awesome Si-Fi Third Person Shooter goame that takes place on a post-terraformed Earth where you must find your leader and the secrets of the Vulge, the alien race who began the terraforming. If you play the game, you should also watch the show Monday nights on Sy-Fy at 9est/6pst."
,Recommended,224600,5094419,"Posted: 3 July, 2013",all,Kittenesh,Pretty fun game :3
76561198093316632,Recommended,224600,7774654,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,HoustonHitta,its a good game if u find me on there lets play coop
,Recommended,224600,7827702,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,ChaosDMNS,Very Very very buggy and laggy launcher. But other than that. I love the game.
76561197988607881,Recommended,224600,7891124,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,youthrebel,"For the price its a very enjoyable MMO, even though it seems to feel more like a borderlands clone in some respects it does hold its own and has some intersting and unique elements.all in all very enjoyable"
76561198094362866,Recommended,224600,8776961,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,AnnualWhisper58,its a really good game you should try it you're self
,Recommended,224600,8782547,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,File0Error,"Fun game with alot to do. If you are looking for a thriving community and millions of players look elsewhere. But if you are looking for a game with cool exploration, fun action and entertaining storyline/cinematics then this is your game. If you watch the show this game because a bit more interesting."
76561198098939756,Recommended,224600,9771475,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Storm,"For ten dollars, this game is definitely worth it! Nothing spectacular, but definitely fun. And with season two of the show coming up, hopefully more missions that interact with show events like there were in season one."
,Recommended,224600,9791995,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Apex Wynn,More than 10 hours in the game and haven't regretted it since! If any of you guys are fan of borderlands a little bit of other MMO'S like Gw2 then this'll be a great buy for you.
76561198044968426,Recommended,224600,7818412,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Seere,"Well let me start by saying... don't go into this game expecting it to be flawless they only got 3/5 things right... but looking past 2/5 the game succeeds were it counts for about 1/2 of the audience.Good:Combat: Awesome well done feels smooth with no lack of the word headshot! its like mass effect 3 combat system combound with borderlands 2.gun crafting: Enjoyable and gets you excited for what your gun may become next and how you can modify it to your playstyle.global events: lots of content for you to just mindlessly grind on. including Many Rift like ones with invasions and raids. though alot of the random ones you will just drive by.bad:Story: do not expect a story or lore that issnt hidden. massive waste of time.questing: all quests are the exact same (kill, interact with an object, turn in) if you find one quest out of this formula give it a golden star sticker!despite those last two concidering i only spent 5 dollars on this game and sunk 50+ hours into it... the game does still have a sucessful outlook but will still have fallen short. worth the money for an enjoyable ride with many diffrent ways to go about approaching a situation. the epicness of the modding system is the main reason why combat is fun... did you spec in damage reducting with distance while standing still and do you focus your mods on percisely headshotting your foes from a distance.or do you charge with shotguns and blades playing it risky? do you focus on supressing your foes with fire and large box mags?and there is were my 50+ hours went... machineguns!!!point is its worth 5 bucks... we spend more on minecraft for no story and all gameplay."
,Recommended,224600,7819628,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Mr. H,This game is hands down my favorite MMORPG in ages!! Its like they put Borderlands and Guild wars 2 into a blender and poured it out into a wonderful smoothie of a masterpiece! if you also like Fallen Earth this is a good game to upgrade to.
,Recommended,224600,7826449,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,SpaceLeftEmpty,Defiance is a pretty decent Borderlands MMO clone. Absolutely worth the $5 I spent on it.
76561198033410796,Recommended,224600,8376309,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,The Dutch Overlord,it is good if you have nothing els to do
76561198058438833,Recommended,224600,9757400,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,Acedia,.
,Recommended,224600,7641253,"Posted: 12 November, 2013",all,PR0XIDIAN,"This is a great game. Its an FPS MMO in which you have massive battles, and it doesn't have any monthly subscription fee. On top of that, the gameplay is fluid and enjoyable. Without a sale this game is only 10$ and on sale its even lower! If you want a good time with friends, a 4 pack of defiance during a sale will be very enjoyable. ~PR0XIDIAN"
76561198076648029,Recommended,224600,7821335,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,GhostEcho,"Really awesome and enjoyable game, I get plenty of play time out of it just from side missions alone."
,Recommended,224600,8448278,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,WOFF,AWESOME!
,Recommended,224600,9151297,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Mazirr14,"Fun game, not a lot of people play it anymore."
76561197994799327,Recommended,224600,1564035,"Posted: 9 April, 2013",all,☠Johnny☠,"First starting I didn't think much of the game but I still gave it a chance and I am so happy I did. AI is unforgiving especially during the arkfall events (which I think occur way too often) 1 mistake can leave on the ground screaming for help as player after player runs past you until your death timer hits 0 and respawn at your last checkpoint which can be 100 meters or 1.5km away but it's ok cause you beat everybody else by 120k points and end up getting some really good items from it. The loot system has some flaws but it is amazing plenty of weapon types to choose from, no weapon is designated to any class so if you have it in your inventory you can use it. from fully automatic pistols to some weird thing that shoots bug eggs at enemies which hatch and begin eating their face even some special ""heavy"" weapons which you'll find on some missions decimating everything you shoot at. You can also customize the weapons giving many different scopes, barrels, stocks and magazines which not only effect gameplay but also make your weapon look different adding a different scope will change the scope when using it. A lot of detail added that I thought would of been skipped over. There's no armor in the game instead what protects you is your shield and your ability to avoid being shot. They do have...Well costumes basically that you can buy from the shop most you get by completing missions and entering special codes. PvP(Multiplayer really) is fun but lacking team death match pitting you against other players around your skill level shadow war which is sort of like king of the hill and co-op missions each has some sub-missions which give you faction points needed to special weapons from certain vendors would've been nice to see capture the flag deathmatch(free for all), capture or destroy the base.Kill the vip etc.. There are a few probelms with the game as with any new game esp an mmo but nothing so major that it would make it unplayable."
,Recommended,224600,239868,"Posted: 25 July, 2013",all,Azure,No poop jokes and guns.
,Recommended,224600,2765500,"Posted: 18 May, 2013",all,[Mz] Dankening9000,"After playing for about 10 hours on the game, I realized that there is nothing too special about it. The gameplay mimics generic MMOs other than the fact that, unlike The Secret World, you have full control of your gun. As in, it is basically a Third Person Shooter.I'm not sure I'm going to pick it back up again, maybe if I find some people to play with, but it is rather linear. Rather than a killing grind, you engage in a questing grind.The only difference this game has to other MMOs is that it has a TV show on SciFi. They state that the TV show and game will affect each other, but in reality the show and the game has a preset storyline that connects together. Parts of the show you would have had to play the game to understand but there is really no connection other than that. The game and show are not dynamically connected.For people who enjoy Third-Person Shooters as well as MMOs, I would suggest this game for you. Otherwise, there are many more MMOs that can be played."
,Recommended,224600,4071902,"Posted: 9 June, 2013",all,FenderSaxbey,"More co-op shooter than MMO at this point. Some frustrating bugs and pretty horrid chat/social features. Dispite that, its a lot of fun to play. Trion seems pretty responsive to issues and is working to fix the above while still releasing new content fairly often."
76561198027594746,Recommended,224600,7787931,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,mrcookie2099,"A first person shooter RPG that goes a little flat after you get about 20-30 hours into it.  Defiance nominally is linked with the TV series by the same name.The gameplay's strongest elements are working together for regular in game events involving shooting up landed ""arcfalls"". There is only moderate character customization and most of the game involves picking up a large assortment of dropped weapons then selling most of them for a small amount of credits.  These credits can be used to purchase... guns maybye.  The economy isn't particularly compelling, honestly.If you enjoy the elements of flipping through dozens of gun drops to find the stats you want, like in Badlands but want more of a sense of working with groups to take down enemies, this might be up your alley.  If you want a solid PvP shooter MMO or solid character driven RPG experiance, you will probably want to look elsewhere.  If you just like shooting stuff, it is a good enough game.It is important to note that the X-box, PS3, and computer versions of the game all have their own servers and cannot interact.  I purchased the X-box version of the game previously and cannot access my X-box characters for the computer even though I have the same user ID."
76561198048597853,Recommended,224600,7843753,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,zellnagi,"Great game for partying up or going solo, lots of weapon loadout options and mod upgrades to fit your style."
76561197999150791,Recommended,224600,7880072,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Mdage,Not a bad mindless bit of violence. Quite forgiving to the noob player while still allowing a lot of freedom (the tutorial mission is very short and doesn't even go into how to shoot or crouch which was kinda weird). Basically just got on my quad bike and rode around for a few hours shooting mutants.Actually kinda satisfying...
,Recommended,224600,8442645,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Ich Dien,"Story is garbage. Reccomend playing the game muted, better than listening to the stupid voice acting and pretty bad music... Gameplay is good."
,Recommended,224600,8520678,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,ThumperX,Great MMO a must buy for the time waster with a purpose.
76561198121309961,Recommended,224600,9582900,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,Geargoggles,"I highly recommend this game.This game can be picked up and played for short or long periods.Matchmatching makes it's easy to find quick teams for instances both Co-op and Player vs Player.The open world map allows for free movement, taking on quests when you feel you want to, and for teaming on the fly.  Players can move in and out of quest zones while having the benefit of other players moving in and out of these zones as well, all the time helping each other without having to go out of their way to do so.Events happen on the world map regularly which draw players to those events creating quick and frequent teaming which only requires the players be in the same area working towards the same goal.Customizations of weapons is not only visual but intuitive and allows for the players to ultimately decide how they want to play.After playing this game in the Demo (F2P) for almost 50 hours, it was without question that this game is worth the money."
,Recommended,224600,9699880,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Wrakkenruan,"It's been a fun enough shooter - I've much more than gotten my money's worth and still go back to work on the story line when I can. Arkfalls are fun when there is a crowd around. Many of the missions are frustratingly tough, though, when solo - it helps to have a friend along many times for the story line arc."
76561198108229039,Recommended,224600,9743390,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,AlexTyu,"I love playing this game.But it has got a problem ,I have 2 PCs and I want to do one character on one PC ,but when I play on my other PC I do not have that character.PLS , I AM BEGGING YOU, FIX THIS PROBLEM!!!!!!On the other hand, the game is great."
76561197997335531,Recommended,224600,9785342,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,firemarshall Billiam,"I didn't want to buy another MMO because I am a WoW fan, yes I know what most people will say, but to be honest I can see this game stealing me away. I enjoy this game as much as the series. Plan on buying Gunslinger when I have the cash and watching Season 1 From the begining again because of this game. Kodos to the game designers truely a desirerable play for me, though glitchy in places and it could offer more in the sense of not having to get most things with in the Store."
76561198009165055,Recommended,224600,9994665,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Harold The Tree,Very underated and Im not one to play  the mmo genre but I enjoy it very much accept the social and community aspect which is rather dull but the gameplay and story are rather good.
,Recommended,224600,9562297,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Dodgy_Jammer,amazing game would be better if more friends played it
76561198004088983,Recommended,224600,9580100,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,eldrasis,Pick it up on a sale.3rd person Borderlands-with-Final Fantasy X-leveling MMO.Good world events. Somewhere on the map something is going on that you can jump into. Sometimes too much and a less popular spot or event can be lonely.DLC pack would be a meh buy at 50 good at 66% off. Hold off until then. It doesnt offer enough content to be worth full.
76561198019488929,Recommended,224600,9708667,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,MaximumOverdrive,Embrace the corn dog.
,Recommended,224600,9710725,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,Raz,"Comparing this game to Borderlands is a boldfaced lie.Its more like that Star Wars online game, but with slightly better combat and slightly better looking enemies.Its a mediocre shooter at best, good to hop in if you're incredibly bored and just want to shoot at some bugs and explore around.The loot and drops suck, and it could use a lot more variety in the weapons department.Theres some customization, but its more like that 'slight percentage better' type of customization you see in Planetside 2,  where you've got lots of options, but none of it really adds up to anything.It feels very cheap and grindy, which is odd considering the near $60 price tag it had on it at launch.This game is a giant pile of 'blah' and 'meh',  topped off with a shrug.If you've got $5 to kick around or whatever...  sure.I'd say you'll get exactly $5 worth of fun and value outta this one."
,Recommended,224600,9782444,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,[|||] Magnum Force,"Defiance is actually one of the better MMO's out there and with me that says a lot. Why? Well so far, the only MMO's I liked have been Guild Wars and..well..Defiance. me and my buddies played it through and through and had a lot of fun. Especially with the story quest and mini games like racing.It's a good solid game, but it suffers a bit with a dying community. Well, on the servers that is. Sometiems you can play along and meet as much as 5 players in an hour. Besides of that, it's a good game."
76561198064047452,Recommended,224600,9883676,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,wolfl11,epic game
76561198024449471,Recommended,224600,9951373,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,Adz2,"Great game, easy to get into and hours of gameplay, definitely worth the price, even more if it's on sale!"
76561198090344717,Recommended,224600,14822031,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,Romance,Superb GameSuperb ShowEnough Said10/10\(^0^)/
76561198001195246,Recommended,224600,8625414,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,PYROxSYCO,"I love this game, Defiance plays alot like an MMORPG with guns, is like a small WoWI haven't watched the related TV show but once so i don't know the relation that well.It has some pay features but you can still play the game and get great lootOne of the things that bug me is that they use Alien curse words, JUST SAY IT!!!It does not have a lot of people on form my standpoint i would see about 12 or so at a ""shop"" and 5 in the ""field"" at a time.And has random action event that spring up out of nowhere."
76561198004412469,Not Recommended,224600,8458273,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,To$hiba Infinity,I love this game.
76561198062367319,Recommended,224600,8465657,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Naota,So much fun
,Recommended,224600,8639172,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,CWKnight,"This game is surprisingly solid. It's like a slightly less good Borderlands, but the MMO nature of it makes up for its shortfalls.I like that it's an MMO I can play with a controller.Give it a shot, I got a 4 pack for like $20 and I haven't even played with anyone that I bought it for yet and I think it's pretty good."
,Recommended,224600,34128685,Posted: 9 August,all,{KCRG} Snow,"I had a fair bit of fun on this thing. I lost interest when the show was cancelled, but the devs still keep it up!"
,Not Recommended,224600,14552134,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,The Gasinator Supreme,"This is possibly the worst mmo i have ever played. To start, every gone has been nerfed to hell so even low-level enemies are a pain to deal with. Not to mention the contrast gives me a headache, the quests are lack lustr and the game is riddled with bugs. I think trion should take a long, hard look at defiance and never. never ever make the same mistake."
,Recommended,224600,29842656,Posted: 11 February,all,Mary,It's good.
76561198303801189,Recommended,224600,29850957,Posted: 11 February,all,Jazri,This is the absolutely most addicting game I have ever played. I thought I was addicted to World Of Warcraft but this game brings me to another level.
76561197968949845,Not Recommended,224600,15993493,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Nugs,Terrible game. Terrible company.
,Recommended,224600,382192,"Posted: 7 April, 2013",all,r4serei [FTP],excellent
,Recommended,224600,11175586,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Nox,"I really like the pace and flow of this game, and the tech style."
,Not Recommended,224600,3906356,"Posted: 30 July, 2013",all,Avendt,"[This game is far better than The Secret World! It is action and good rewards! This is not an endless grinding for levels! The drops are good and you can choose to do quests, trials, pursuits or just roam and you will find  an instances that are spawned regularly! Damn, it is good! :)]Yeah, as usual, I spoke too soon! After another 80+ hours and almost non-existent customer service, I have changed my opinion!There are many small negatives, like: lags, no story continueity, interface that looks too much like ported from consoles, quests that have no difficulty rating (not even areas!) and can throw you into an instance that you will have to keep coming back many times as your characterv keeps dying and it cost to have you respawn...or that if you a casual player, you have no chance of accumulating enough in game currency for mods/upgrades! You have to keep playing every day for a few hours to make enough of it!The monsters/enemy can appear to spawn in places that you have to pass on your way to another quest and engage you, making you loose valuable ammo (grenades cannot be easily replenished!!!)...The accuracy with which monsters/enemy attack you is just overpowered.All these are small negatives IN MY OPINION compared to the horrible customer service!! I had to wait for my first reply regarding in-game problem for 27 days and now my second and most serious probem (loosing all non assigned items in a sale glitch) has me still waiting for any reply 12 days later! I guess I`ll be lucky if I get any before I give up this game, and I am at that point right now...but resisting to give up in a hope my problem will be resolved...I have to realise there are hopeless situation and giving up is better in order to stop with all frustrations!NO I CANNOT RECOMMEND THIS GAME! The horrible customer service is just too bad!"
,Recommended,224600,25152834,"Posted: 25 August, 2016",all,Tre_Selor,"Like Shmups like R-Type, Gradius, or Ikaruga? Then play Defiance, it's a 3rd person Shmup with a pretty decent single player experience and great pve events. Giant bosses, tons of weapons and equipment to upgrade your ship...I mean character, very, very fast ""twitch"" style gameplay.Only other game that I can think of that is similar is Firefall, and Motocross Madness...."
,Recommended,224600,25513779,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,rknight,"I played this game when it first came out, tried the show, didn't get hooked on either.I returned to it a few months ago, and it felt much better than I had remembered it. It just feels like a hugely refreshing departure from other MMOs I've played (LOTRO, STO, WOW, Guild Wars 2, DCUO, TSW, SWTOR).  Here's where it stands apart:1. Real player agency, in terms of skill, vs. the rule-based mechanics of most MMOs.  You can always get slightly better with your aiming and tactics, as in any FPS, and the game rewards you for it.  It just feels better waiting for you to reload while running for cover than waiting for your skills to refresh while you stand there.2. One of the better told stories in an MMO.  The writing, staging, and VO work of the character interactions make storytelling in LOTRO, STO and GW2 look like puppet shows.  The only MMO that holds a candle to it is TSW.  I might say SWTOR too if their stories weren't so badly written and full of cookie-cutter animations.3. Generous business model.  The only money I've had to put into this is for inventory.  I've never felt like I was being held back in terms of capabilties, as long as I took time to understand the upgrade systems.  Sure, there are a few things you'll miss out on, but none of it is gameplay content, and none of it is required to enjoy the game.4. Best vehicles ever.  Seriously, after playing this, it's SO hard to go back to LOTRO's horses, SWTOR's pokey ""speeders"", or anything else.  Defiance is so confident in giving the players speed, it feels like they solved some technical problem that no other MMO has figured out.The only downside I can think of is that after 2 hours or so in any given session, the sameness of gameplay and enemies creeps in. It's true what they say.  But I quit and come back in a day or two, and I'm having a blast all over again."
76561198339287020,Recommended,224600,29455633,Posted: 23 January,all,XDedamaneX,"amazing game! for the first few hundred hours, could get boring after you complete thre story, get max rank, collect all the gear yadda yadda. played it on xbox for near a thousand hours i guess, got to max ego still playing, otherwise great game! 8/10 rating from me!"
76561198018885520,Recommended,224600,21044548,"Posted: 7 February, 2016",all,Necrotech_Master,"i initially bought the game because it was interesting, i like the fact its open world and i like that you can more or less do what you want and join in on whatever events happen to be going on.i personally would recommend it, but not something to play for huge amount of hours a day because most of the other reviews are correct, the single player quests you can do are extremely short, and theres not many of them, and the game gets very repetitive because its entirely based on the open world events.the only purchases i have made for the game was buying it when it first came out, the season pass, and $20 on in game currency to expand inventory slots (since i owned the game beforehand i got some extra inventory slots and retained the keycode cap as it was before it was lowered)i do also agree that they have gone overboard on currencies too, and the 2 main currencies (scrip and arkforge) are almost useless (i have almost 800k scrip and 200k aarkforge, but its meaningless when i need one of the 15 rep currencies, or one of the 4 or so newer currencies)after i initially got the game i played it significantly for maybe the first year then stopped for awhile because it was easy to burn out on, then about 6-12 months after i stopped is when i heard they went f2p, and about a year after that i actually went and tried it again, there are some things they have improved on such as mob difficulty scaling for # of players in the area.my main issues with it now is the fact there is still almost no new questing related content, and the massive amount of currencies in the game with one of them being very obvious they want you to pay for.i feel as though they have been driving players away siomewhat because it does seem a lot more quiet than i remember when i first played it.after having put 300+ hours in it and almost to EGO rating 3000, i still enjoy running around in it and just shooting up enemies, but it is unlikely i will spend any more money on it than what was mentioned above."
,Recommended,224600,21116149,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Brelan Allin,"Went back to playing this game after trying out the Division Beta and this game blows it out of the water.Weapon variety, all the skills and the huge ennemy variety.The fact your not in your little instance but playign with everyone else trying to defend raided city with hundreds of mobs really gets your blood pumping."
,Recommended,224600,22174288,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Beef Kaker,"Defiance is a not bad third person shooter. It's never going to blow your face off but hey, it's free to play so I'll recommend it.It's definitely better than the 3rd season of the TV show anyway."
76561197978832149,Recommended,224600,23204445,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,flinteryk,"i LOVE this game. it is simple and i havnt played in a long time but thats due to steam being dumb not defiance, the last time i played i was hooked instantly. the boss fights that pop up were great and the rewards well worth while, even as a low level i could out damage a lot of people so it gives you a good chance to get good loot from boss fights. the missions could get a little repeditive you will be going back and forth alot.7/10"
76561198071215446,Recommended,224600,25471600,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,Artisan Cheese,"This game reminds me of when I was in grade school.When I was in 3rd-4th grade I made all A's in my classes. The classes weren't that hard and everyone thought that I was this super smart genius child. As I got older, my grades began to drop as the classes got harder.""What's wrong with you?""""You're so smart! You should be doing so much better than this!""I had built up a reputation of being so smart that when I got to something that challenged me, everyone assumed that I wasnt trying to do well.I feel that Defiance suffers from a similar problem.There's your tldrDefiance suffers from the same problem that other Trion Worlds games suffers from. Much like ArcheAge, another F2P MMO released by Trion, I really, really like this game, but i just can't bring myself to say that this is a game that everyone should play. Obviously, I have some serious love/hate issues with Defiance. To better illustrate this, let me point out some pros and cons.+Excellent gunplay - I seriously feel that the gunplay in Defiance is one of the most solid gunplay     experiences I've played with in other MMO shooter games. Obviously this is an open world game, so dont compare this to COD, but considering all the effort that was put elsewhere, The combat in Defiance is an excellent experience.+BALANCE - I feel that creating a balanced game in an MMO setting is arguably one of the hardest things a developer can do, and as with the aformentioned ArcheAge, no matter what happens, there will always be one specific class that can outperform the other classes (ie. Archers in ArcheAge). However, what Defiance did, and i feel that more devs should do this, was that all abilities are available to be unlocked, regardless of any specifications put into your character. This is through the EGO system (basically exp). As your EGO rises, you can purchase new perks and abilities, and eventually unlock all abilities available to everyone, however you can only use 1 ability at a time.+Great Storytelling - For those of you who maybe didnt play Defiance when it first launched, Defiance was actually a tie-in to a televison show on SyFy by the same name. The concept was pretty cool (in my opinion at least). As events unfolded in the show, events in the game would occur, and vice versa. so obviously, the writers of Defiance (the show) wanted to deliver an experience that would be engaging to the players of Defiance (the game). As such, the entire story of Defiance (the game) was developed in close conjunction with the writers of the show, and well, they arent professional writers if they were bad. Also, the show that the game originally launched with has since stopped airing, or has gone so far under the radar that I can no longer find it on any current tv network and I think that's kinda funny.-Pay-to-Play(?) - So I actually bought Defiance when there was still a $10 price tag on it and honestlyI kinda regret doing that. Since I did that the game has gone F2P and has seen a resurgence in player activity, BUT Trion still needs to generate revenue somehow. Trion has released several DLC packs for Defiance as tie-ins for events that happened in the aforementioned televison show, such as the Castithan Charge pack which allows players to play as the Castithan race. Normally this wouldn't really be a problem if it weren't for the Gunslinger Trials and the 7th Legion packs. This problem does extend to the other packs, but I think that the Gunslinger trials and 7th legions packs are the worst. The problem is that, like in other MMO's you can recieve weapon loot from fallen enemies, BUT you can also recieve weapons from the DLC packs. However, YOU CANNOT USE THESE WEAPONS UNLESS YOU PAY FOR THEM. This is a huge problem if you love a great loot system like I do, because you can hoard all these weapons that are considerably better than the weapons you currently have, but if you dont pay actual real-world money, you cant use these weapons. I've seriously wanted to buy the packs just to get access to those weapons, but I refuse to spend more money on an F2P game to get access to weapons that I can get in the base game-Lack of direction - IDK if this is the right way to phrase this, but despite all the effort put into the story, I dont really care about it. I like to play a game that challenges me, and the best way i usually think of to find a challenge is to move on to the next area with tougher enemies. Apparently you shouldnt do this, because it can ruin some of the story, but like I said, I appreciate the extensive work put into the story, but I just dont find it super interesting.So, to summarize the points that I made, I really do think that Defiance is a fun game, but it suffers from a problem that Trion has had yet to fix in this game or in many of their other games.However, this game is F2P now, so take my advise with a grain of salt.Play this gameForm your own opinionIf you really like it, give in to Trion's iron grip on your wallet and buy the Season Pass for some extra fun.Overall I'd give this game a 6/10I really want to like this game, but there's just so much in the way of this game being great."
76561198003387581,Recommended,224600,27343314,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,just1vet,"Best part of this game for me is it is mindless for the most part. If you get killed so what? Just res yourself or have someone else res you. I find it a lot of fun just to ride around, chase Arkfalls and blow stuff up. Other random events that pop up just adds to the enjoyment. Driving around and running over the baddies can also be quite satisfing.After I opened up the San Fran area, I lost intrest in the quest line. I have been with the game pretty much from the start. Even bought a couple of the DLCs."
76561197979345439,Recommended,224600,27554404,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Insanely,Has its issues but I'm still playing it...
,Recommended,224600,29485020,Posted: 25 January,all,Mr.Chows  Gone Again,"Im a shadow war animal and all but honestly after having my old account at ego rating 12-2000(END GAME) and now coming back and only being at 500 currently... What I can say is yes the combat and story were enjoyable but some aspects are limited such as the way you cannot buy epic lock boxes without buying the expansion of more slots. But yes you can earn everything in game, accept DLC content is not usable until you buy it. I want to put my faith into free to play games but damn it gets repetitive. If there is too many players at Nuclear Winter then you sometimes will not be able to see any of the players and neither can they see you I think. Also they had a Trade House or I think Auction for a small amount of time but in global, I saw them say they closed it down due massive duping. But doesn't matter if they have all orange weapons... Shadow war is still fun. In the End for me...? Its a love/hate kind of cycle. 50/50. PVP is balanced pretty well and I enjoy it alot hiding with my sniper and having my High Rate Of Fire weapons on my secondary. But maybe it is time to move on and catch up with the times if you want to play a full out shooter then I just suggest you buy one because the free to play will always have obstacles you will have to clear. For one instance is Melee are only apart of the DLCs and in PVP combat people will use the speed bosot with melee, which isn't a bad strategy but that thing is seriously op and if I had a gun im sure that melee would still kick my♥♥♥♥♥up close and personally. Play it. Evaluate it for yourself... Like I said its a 50/50 for me but hey im not everyone so have a mind of your own. ;) P.s. Competitive is way harder than Shadow War period. They put me to shame and back."
76561198149813606,Recommended,224600,29485901,Posted: 25 January,all,Teddy,Game feels rewarding and long lasting. 200 hours in and I still get to level up pretty often and increase my gun power.Travel is more fun than most mmo's.Skill grid is a bit too easy to unlock.The story missions feel like a choir as the missions are repetitive and pretty much all the same and I found the storyline boring.The fun part is fighting hordes of giants or zombies with other online players and getting to kill things faster each time.
76561198050574553,Recommended,224600,27478953,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,[SFW]-BLANK-,"Underrated,fun as hell (for me) it is free so why not give it a shot?"
76561198015509798,Recommended,224600,10510065,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Vllth,"One of the best MMOs on steam!Good grafics,solid state of PvP,Tactics and strategy needed in PvE!Add headshots,backstabs,backshots and lots of evades dodges in melee!Good mix."
76561197976180566,Recommended,224600,11856466,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,GizmoMechanic,"Defiance is like Borderlands in 3rd person view.   lots of weapons, monsters, different tasks. huge world, PvP, Perk trees, pretty big battles, okay story.  don't have to pay for anything to have fun."
,Recommended,224600,3381816,"Posted: 7 April, 2013",all,Heyi,"When it came out it was weak, it's getting better and better, interesting story. Open world shooter, nice voice acting, good DLC content and gameplay."
,Recommended,224600,9179285,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,AlphaObeisance,"I didn't really have any expectations when getting into Defiance. I hadn't even really heard of the Sci-fi series that it was based on. But I like shooters, and it looks pretty sexy. Despite bad reviews, I rather enjoyed this game. I've got 111hrs in game, and haven't touched it in a while but only because another game took its place. So for $10 I think 111 hrs is well paid for.The only cons that I can really think of is the games tendency to feel rather repetative. Once you've engaged in at least 4 of each arkfall type, you find yourself just doing the same things over and over again. Arkfalls and dungeon grinds, and the pvp is meh. Honestly the highlight of this game for me was the questing and story line. Amazing stuff! And that means a lot considering I'm a former World of Warcraft player who swore to never level another character of any kind!Great action, great mechanics and its a fresh new outlook on shooters with an RPG type feel. Very fun. 7/10 stars."
,Recommended,224600,10723478,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Bacon Overlord®,"This is probably the best shooter MMO out there.  The community is actually nice (when they can type!) and people listen and respond.  The action is crazy fun, the vehicles are fun to drive too.. getting air off a big hill is awesome.And the weapons.. so many different types and all with their own upgradable parts that each of their own stats.It's definitely worth a try (It's free to play, so.. why not?).EDIT:  Just to add a few things:  The show crossover is getting really interesting.  You don't have to know anything about the show to be able to play the game, but it's pretty cool to recognize the races and some of the people in the game as also being in the TV Show.I have to say also, after playing Firefall for awhile.. Defiance is truly a superior game in every regard.  The only thing you can do in Firefall that you can't do in Defiance is fly.. if you put points in the right area.  And all that gets you is a few less hits from melee mobs and a whole lot more hits from ranged.There really is no better shooter MMO out there.  And with all the new content they add pretty much weekly, Defiance is growing and changing all the time."
,Not Recommended,224600,11284898,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Kenuty,"I only thumbed it down because it was boring and got really grindy and also how trion forces you to install GLYPH , it was fun to play at first, Good graphics, cool bosses,and now its free to play.Also note I had played more on this game Way before than what steam says.but afterwards it offered no content and got really grindy and boring, unless you enjoy farming and doing quest that repeats over and over again then go for it. The show was ok and sort of dry, the game reminds me of a console port due to not seeing everyone when you're in large battles, the interface, and the way it just worked.Video Review-https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=R8YABHiZec8+ Vehicles driving is a blast but felt very stiff+ The story was interesting at the start then as time drag on it didn't leave off with a bang ended very meh+ pc version had the best graphics for this game hands down+ Lots of guns,shields, and weapons and got the borderlands vibes not much in terms of customization+ The random events going on throughout the map Arkfalls was amazingly fun+ the perks mechanic was very unique+-it has great music, mostly dubstep like but can get annoying since it repeats the music over and over and over- Glyph has to be forced installed now.- not much customization to guns- Inventory ui is really clunky.- not much customization to characters- game was rushed too quickly- Dlcs started out great then wtf happaned?"
,Not Recommended,224600,15937451,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Cheeseburger Eddie,Do yourself a favor and just go play Borderlands...
76561198022401456,Not Recommended,224600,30404334,Posted: 8 March,all,T-Prime,I began my defiance experience with the show.I ended my defiance experience with the show.
,Not Recommended,224600,8187727,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Eatable Bread,"Do you like MMOs?Do you like Chernobyl?Do you like the album ""The Emptiness"" by Alesana?Do you like complete isolation?Are you a loner?Are you reading this review in the dark in your room by yourself?Do you like silence?Do you like being bored?Are you listening to a My Chemical Romance song right now with your black long emo flip hair?Do you believe Americans are a bunch of 'comformists' and that the purpose of life is to make hell for the 'comformists'?If you have answered 'Yes' to any/all of these questions, then congratulations! You have passed 2 examinations!You are an emo kid that is really suicidal/depressed.And you will like this game. (Maybe).EDIT: This game really reminds me of the life of Paul Walker, boring, and ended soon and in a firery fire.EDIT again: This game went down faster than Natasha Richardson on the beginner slope."
,Not Recommended,224600,7742658,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,xSmoke666x,"Developers spoiled an excellent idea of ​​the game, adding a paid game, paid shop, besides, will introduce significant changes to impossible to get this or that subject by the game."
,Not Recommended,224600,11451795,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Mawrk,bought this game for 40 dollars and now its free? wow this game sucks now.
,Not Recommended,224600,11404385,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,ProDerp,I Spent $15 on this lame game and now its free. I really think they should give everyone money back to the one who bought it before it became free.
76561197970339840,Not Recommended,224600,20833765,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,illequine,I paid cash for this disaster.Save your time and install some other F2P game.
76561198018744215,Not Recommended,224600,25528414,"Posted: 16 September, 2016",all,Marduk,"My opinion about this game.  I bought this game for $10.  I am now going to remove it from my account.  Total waste of $10.  Good thing I didn't buy the Season pass.Let me get into [/i]WHY[/i] this is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game.  You can't kill anything unless you BUY something.  Also, I've never even passed the Tutorial once.  Got bored with the 2 hour or whatever it was.  Can't turn it off either.I'm an MMO vet.  I play and sub to Age of Conan.  I will not have my money sapped away.  So let this, RIFT, and every; other Trion game die like it will.  RIFT was the same way.  Played it, subbed, now I can't sub b/c they won't take prepaid cards.  I Re-F******-fuse to sub to a game that INSISTS that I buy♥♥♥♥♥♥that, as a Patron, is my goddamn right to have.  Goodbye RIFT and Defiance.  Good riddance too."
,Not Recommended,224600,9218497,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,July B,"I have only been on this game once, but for what it's worth the graphics are great and so is the combat, the driving is good too. But like all MMOs the story is♥♥♥♥♥♥ I like a game with a good story. The terrain is great and But I didn't enjoy playing this game that much so I won't recommend it!"
76561198070913055,Not Recommended,224600,24488710,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Potato Owner,I bought the game back when it was 20 or 30 dollars but i couldnt play it because my computer was♥♥♥♥♥♥after i upgraded my computer i discovered the game went free to play and i was dissapointed but i still wanted to play the game hoping id have some sick bonus cosmetics and stuff for buying the game.i discovered that the bonus for buying the game was pretty much non existent and after a few hours of continuelly trying to reingage myself with the game i stopped playing this piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥game1/10 boring and developers dont care about patroens
76561198052511731,Not Recommended,224600,28776183,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Gherkinboii,"Poor gam, mmo clone, one of many"
,Not Recommended,224600,14801495,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Rasiterita,"Defiance is such a terrible game. Not worth a download even though it's F2P. The PvP is alright, but everything else sucks."
76561198066251944,Recommended,224600,10171548,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,H.P. Lovebird,"WOW!!Enemies actually loose their heads when you shoot at them and it doesn't look like a comic book for teens when your friends take a glimpse on your screen while playing! Plus, it's gonna be for free-to-play next month!This is just like Borderlands 2 for GrownUps! ;)"
,Not Recommended,224600,13264143,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,Old Man Hoshi,Nice to know that I bought a game that went free to play right after I bought it. Waste of my $10.00.
76561198049536727,Recommended,224600,11171170,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Srofai,Fun game. Has had alot of changes that have made it much better than when launched.
76561198028233968,Recommended,224600,8360807,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,marinomaster,a crappy version of borderlands. played 20 hours in 2 days. have fun ruining your life.
,Not Recommended,224600,18042301,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Filnizer,The tv show isalright.
76561198094313428,Not Recommended,224600,30246831,Posted: 28 February,all,Freya,"Glyph is ♥♥♥♥ing awfull. Problems that origionated from Windows 7 have carried all the way onto windows 10.Game will most likely keep crashing or, refuse to start up completely.Stay away from glyph and and any Glyph games period, ♥♥♥♥♥♥ awfull game company."
,Not Recommended,224600,29812002,Posted: 9 February,all,HappyHippie924,"Absolute garbage, gameplay is mundane, it is completely pay to win, grindy as balls and the social aspect of this so called MMO is nonexistent."
,Recommended,224600,30059099,Posted: 20 February,all,HUSKER222,had so much fun playing this with friends
,Recommended,224600,10350276,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,Kyaa!,Good Game overall.
,Recommended,224600,7744157,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Common Mistake,"This game has been quite enjoyable, ok it's not as loaded as GTA IV or saints row but it has a Borderlands kind of feel to it, with a good selection of weaponry to try out too. Yes the missions can get a bit repetative at times but you are rewarded with unexpected help from fellow gamers quite regularly which often is very much needed as some of the missions can be very difficult to pull off on your own. > Lets see how much longer I can play it for."
76561198035691993,Recommended,224600,4337771,"Posted: 9 July, 2013",all,giguy2002,Been playing this game since Beta. I love it. I completed the missions and now just working on my skillsets until the DLC is available.
76561197976669911,Recommended,224600,29712180,Posted: 4 February,all,logmun,missing execetive file
,Recommended,224600,30119783,Posted: 23 February,all,[YT] Silver Light,open world fantastic graphics even for a lowend pc
,Recommended,224600,15615622,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,eXcruciate,Great game!
,Recommended,224600,29495718,Posted: 25 January,all,Triza Games,Highly recommend. I have spent 51 hours on this game so far and plan on spending 50 more. Love it.
,Not Recommended,224600,21613651,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,thewickedking,"In short: this game is dead. You should have played it 2 years ago. I don't even understand why they keep releasing new content.I played this 2 years ago, when it launched, pre-Destiny. It was fun, and when Destiny came it felt like a Defiance 2.0 - there were so many similarities. I came back now to try the new content, but I must say it aged very badly. Nowadays, for some reason it feels like a game from 2007, the mechanics, AI.. everything. To even compare them now would be silly, anyway I would rather grind Destiny missions that I've repeated 100 times than playing a new mission of Defiance., just because, you know.. Destiny is so addictive (the mechanics etc) while Defiance feels so old and clunky.Also: you can still find players online but the feeling is that the game is dead, as it required so many players in co-op for incursions etc."
,Recommended,224600,31427928,Posted: 28 April,all,Inasyah 🐾,Was fun for a few weeks.But I don't think it's worth getting anymore - Are the servers even still up?
,Recommended,224600,24596134,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,S'AraisVanu,"A pretty good F2P MMOTPS. Kind of underrated and undervalued. Good designs, Inferior Graphtech, but graphically superior in terms of visual appeal/artstyle. (To understand what I mean by this: I feel DOOM 1993 is graphically superior to most AAA titles of today, as do I feel the same of STRAFE. However, their graphics tech is not as good as the given titles of today.- suffice to say, I value a good artstyle more than I do the graphics.)Fairly unique in it's intended approach to have a show that effects the game, and vice-versa. There's also hidden stuff all over the place. Go explore.Be on the lookout for any codes."
76561198124797000,Not Recommended,224600,9667338,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Odd Leaf,Awful Wont play again M8U WOT M8
,Recommended,224600,8517571,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,"Emperor of W/R ""jemdeme eur""","Great gemplay nice concepts and a lovley comunity, lot`s of events small-big ones, basicly no need for any micro buying after you got the game. lot`s of fun and a good time,"
,Not Recommended,224600,11793393,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,[KK]Puff|)r@g0nZ,"Basically this game had a lot of hype around it. I actually bought it for 10 dollars because I enjoyed the tv series a lot. The games website also claimed that our game would influence the show depending on what we did, how cool is that?It wasn't cool at all, it was a big sham. This game is basically firefall but less pretty. Same bullshoot, no crafting, no custimization. IT IS BORDERLANDS 3 1/2I'm not kidding, this game is a shooter and nothing else. If I had to describe it, borderlands meets planet side. That's it, quick and dirty. Don't bother with this game, go play firefall, and don't bother with that game either, just go play sniper elite."
,Not Recommended,224600,11096937,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,My name is not important,"I would've been very interested, perhaps even become a regular, had they not made you jump through the weeks and weeks of loops and loops before you got to do anything interesting. I realize they wanted the game to have the longevity of an MMO, but in doing so, the game was reduced to a snail-like pace. The new F2P model is a desperate attemp to bring new blood, however I fear their new monetization scheme."
,Not Recommended,224600,15741620,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,The_Ravenous_Knight,This piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥is useless. Preordered the game and season pass and cant use any of my content now that its free to play. This is the worst type of fraud I have ever had to deal with.
76561198048753490,Not Recommended,224600,14048631,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Elder Chaos Druid,Defiance is a really popular game that doesnt make you regret spending money on itwait yes it does
76561198066908566,Recommended,224600,9369304,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,ElPrinsi,"Awesome game, Awesome story, Awesome graphics, Awesome awesome, and more awesome"
,Recommended,224600,7068269,"Posted: 1 August, 2013",all,[C-n] mahiner,рас♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥атость этой игры зашкаливает!!!!
76561197968793036,Not Recommended,224600,13562350,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Krigzor,it was fun for 5-6 hours then it became super boring.  the story is really bad i know some liked it but it lacks the it factor.
76561198058455538,Recommended,224600,29751374,Posted: 6 February,all,JD,!
,Recommended,224600,14774864,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,Lil' JetSketit,Slightly annoyed that i bought multiple copies to trade for items then the next week this game was made free to play.
76561197969302931,Recommended,224600,11253888,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Norse900,"Defiance kicks♥♥♥♥♥ It has something for Looters, the RP'ers, Accomplishement Junkies, and Wanderers.Want to join hundreds of others in taking down various types of Open World encounters? Feel that need to fill your slots with the best gear? Does your Accomplishment Drive force you to constantly be working towards something? Defiance has it for you.It has a few warts that became a little clearer with one of the last DLCs. There are some connectivity issues at times when there are hundreds of others participating in large-scale events. There are the usual idiots in general chat, but not as bad as WoW. You do need to have the DLC packs to get the most out of the game, but don't have to have them to get decent stuff or do any of the Open World events.I don't watch the show. Don't really care about it. I do like the ability to play my own way, participate in large group encounters, and also play solo (most of the time).Check it out. It may be your thing."
,Recommended,224600,11093605,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Beyoncé Knowles,"If you want an OK shooter to play with friends this is good for you. The hit maps are wonky, controls a bit hard to get used to. Kinda hard to know exactly where you're going. But, I've played worse."
,Recommended,224600,11254019,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Jubag,"pretty good, gets broign after a while but worth a try"
,Recommended,224600,1021141,"Posted: 10 April, 2013",all,NightWolf86,awsome game if u like things like falloout and border lands get this
76561198049653894,Recommended,224600,5430916,"Posted: 2 May, 2013",all,Darkrachet,PVE=BORING♥♥♥♥♥SHIT RUNNING OVER BUGS IN  ♥♥♥♥ING ATVPVP=FILLED WITH SCUMBAG ♥♥♥♥♥♥S RUNNING AROUND IN STEALTH USING AND ABUSING OVERPOWERED GUNS.OVERALL=SUCKS HORSE PROSTATE
76561198048069634,Recommended,224600,9026335,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,fusion_420,good game
,Recommended,224600,9108854,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,DR.PAV,Good fun
,Recommended,224600,9244590,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Smirwarf,Did my own video review on this game awhile backhttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xl2RA6-f1-8
,Recommended,224600,9361516,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,battleborngaming,"I had this game when it first came out on xbox and was not overly impressed but with all the updates and dlc this has become a really good game full of thing to do. It has a good story to play along with your friends, aswell as big wave battles with huge bosses to fight witch are randome events. they need lots of plyers to take on and lots of plyers there still are and for the money a must buy I think"
76561198022165666,Recommended,224600,9105792,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Batman,Gr8 Game Reaaaaalllyyy fun!
,Recommended,224600,9050892,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,A piece of toast,This game is saucy as hell
76561198127561971,Recommended,224600,9265991,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Jimmy Lalonde,Sweeet......
,Recommended,224600,9756638,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,the mountain,......................a bit small......................................................................................its still fun.......................................................................................................i found emc heavy trooper armor :D.................................................... 10/10
,Recommended,224600,9817970,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,|CTS| SkyWalker | CTSGaming.com,Very good and fun game.
76561198084185791,Recommended,224600,10192995,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Studious Stavier,"Soon to be free to play, wait to buy."
76561198048616539,Recommended,224600,10197115,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,Buttarded0,"If you like borderlands (without the humour) you will like this game, its easy to play. you can key/mouse/and controller bind all  controls to your liking. Its Cross-Platform. If you are looking for a game that offers a simlar gameplay like wow, you will be disapointed, there is no pressure to be in a guild, no pressure to raid at this specific time and as far as I know, no ganking issues, but pvp is still available in team deathmatch. I was looking for something that was similar (not identical) to borderlands in game play/UI and graphically sound and this is it. it has a completely different personality to BL but the logistics are roughly the same. You have different class types (not many), ""talent trees"", Loadouts (multiple) etc and is pve/pvp orientated. The good thing is is that everyone has the ability to use the same abililities regardless what class etc they have used, its fair. Its all your customization so you cant blame anyone but yourslef if you dont do good dps, practice is all thats needed. I feel for the price it caters for the typical MMO player and shooter player. You can play solo or with others and it doesnt hinder your experience, although teaming with others does help you on those tough ""baddies"". You have vehicles that can be spawned (simlar to BL) however at any time. Its like any MMO, it will be compared to the big companies out there but i see value for the price and entertainment it brings plus unlike a certain MMO its free to play, there is the OPTION to spent RL$ for in game currency however it is far from neccessary at all so dont feel pressured that you have to spend additonal $'s. There are different currencies used in game and earned in game.  If you are ensure there is a trial version you can download from the official website. from steam current down load time on a good broadband connection is around 2 hours, another 30 mins for patching."
,Recommended,224600,10210833,"Posted: 23 May, 2014",all,Brujoloco,"Man I love this game! It´s everything I wanted Fallen Earth to be, with much better looking environments, a nice story and GUNS GUNS GUNS!!!!I bought it for 9.99 to keep the retail version bonuses once it goes F2P. A game definitely worth my time.Quick fun, quick jump in, roam a bit, pvp, pve , then get out. Easy and no problem. The only complaints I have seen from people is that the game becomes repetitive after a while, but for me its a casual stroll game. Its fun, because its an open world roaming 1st person shooter with RPG elements. Like a very lite version of Borderlands mixed with Tabula Rasa and love the apocalyptic setting. It´s also from TRION so its in good hands. The F2P conversion will bring a lot of people into it, try it , you wont regret it!"
,Recommended,224600,10604294,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Keeg,P Good
,Recommended,224600,10749676,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,ctoabn,"Awesome game, Great that it's now free to play, little bit laggy at peak times."
,Recommended,224600,10031351,"Posted: 5 May, 2014",all,ALLAH BLACKBAR,This game is really fun and should be played by all those that call themselves sweg mommas that means you Devin
,Not Recommended,224600,14306925,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Nexxa,"Crash, crash, crash. Make sure you can run this jalopy of a game before ya go throwing money at it's DLC."
76561198043999386,Recommended,224600,7994026,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Weaver 5,"Solid, online, third-person action. I'm pretty anti-social online, and this game has never forced me to group with people to do anything. At the same time, there are events where everyone works together and gets rewarded, without any forced interaction. The voice acting and storyline are pretty good as well. What can I say? The world of Defiance keeps me coming back. Give it a shot! At the price, you won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,224600,7996990,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,>♊TwIInSpades♊<,Grate Game Love it!
76561198047249431,Recommended,224600,7929455,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,[FoG] Gekzil,This can be repitive but you just have to sit through and then it will be awesome
,Recommended,224600,7931818,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,jayblankthethird,"Great graphics, great story, great game."
76561198092574754,Recommended,224600,7947607,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Razorpine,"This game is amazing, simply amazing. it does cost money though even though it is a MMO but I have played it for a while now and it is great. It is not one of those MMO's that keep nickel and diming you to get through 1/4 of the game. You can make real money purchases but it is purley casual like xp boosts or diffrent outfits. It is not like a game hat requires you to buy the best equipment, it has a good amount of drops and it is a imensley large game with a huge open world with a good storyline.I definatley reccomend this game to all players.-Sam"
76561198060422356,Recommended,224600,7959950,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,TanManZan,"This game is the♥♥♥♥♥♥ Play it. It's like if Star Wars Battlefront 2, and Borderlands had a baby and that baby got♥♥♥♥♥♥♥by the business model of DC Universe Online. This game is the best result of Baby ♥♥♥♥ing that there is."
,Recommended,224600,7961382,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Paulcrow,I dont care what anyone says...this is a fun game and I've had a blast playing it since it was released. Totally worth 9 bucks!!!
76561197978155581,Recommended,224600,7934114,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Itzalivin,"If you liked the basic combat style of Mass Effect III, you'll like this game. The combat is intuitive, though difficult. It is a fun game with good looking maps, and individual challenges. Had fun playing this so far. Still a noob, but really enjoying the storyline and game play."
76561198008893404,Recommended,224600,7954987,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Vissy,"Borderlands 2 meets Global Agenda.Don't know about global agenda?Don't worry, all you're missing are the jetpacks...But the mounts make up for that."
,Recommended,224600,7986370,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Hodor,"Defiance is a fun game for anyone who watches the series. The series is good but the game is even better! They did a good job turning this into a FPS. The made a great special abilities system that is easy to use and same goes for the weapons customization. They have some sick weapons too! I recommend everyone play this game but first try the free trial from Trion (not on steam. Go to the actuall website) because you save 25% when you buy the game and get some additional gear. Also if you play RIFT and use the same Trion account for this game, you get a sick Hellbug mount for one RIFT character off of Defiance."
76561198029510813,Recommended,224600,30017624,Posted: 18 February,all,TUsofkA,nice
76561198154610858,Recommended,224600,29998659,Posted: 17 February,all,Soap Scum,"This game gets my♥♥♥♥♥♥hardIt's a free to play Borderlands 2, but an MMO! Which is great because I have no friends to play borderlands with :C."
,Recommended,224600,30091546,Posted: 21 February,all,Dover,"It's fun, but still feels like a beta."
,Recommended,224600,7981491,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Wrecky,Best game I've ever played.
76561198007067454,Recommended,224600,7996615,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,msimpson,awesome game for multiplayer with friends
76561198076596759,Recommended,224600,7908989,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,MMMMacey,Everyone get this game!
,Recommended,224600,7980673,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Lord Griffonbait,"If it looks interesting, then play it! Don't listen to the critics, I never do, this is a great game!"
,Not Recommended,224600,10016991,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,something93,This should not be considered massively multiplayer you barely interact with other players I want my $5 back
,Recommended,224600,30022586,Posted: 18 February,all,Ghost,"Often, this game really nailed gameplay and fun. Was always a blast with friends. Some parts can be seems as P2W and the DLC is hella expensive, but the game is great.8/10 would recommend."
,Not Recommended,224600,4229623,"Posted: 23 July, 2013",all,Guardian_Angel,Nope
76561198000765631,Recommended,224600,1999242,"Posted: 25 April, 2013",all,Hashshashin,"Like the barsteward offspring of Rift and Battlefeild, epic fun, look forward to seeing this game grow as it matures and expands, no monthly fee either, shiny.."
76561198038743303,Recommended,224600,11403727,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,budlightpizza,i got it when it costed money its free to play thats the only reasean to play it becuse it updates so offetin
76561198198055370,Recommended,224600,29626451,Posted: 1 February,all,oChad,Good game only thing weird about it is jumping on stuff like you have to follow the trails you can just jump up a hill to get there faster.
76561197987519510,Not Recommended,224600,31395058,Posted: 27 April,all,.::THE MATRIX::.,"The game feels kind of unfinished and also left alone, feels dead two ..after killing the same monsters and doing the same stuff it becomes boring ..."
76561198281619073,Recommended,224600,29559010,Posted: 29 January,all,jefflei2007,"I'll probably give this game a 7/10 cuz there is a large amount of weapons at the start,really, I already got like 7 or 8 guns at the first few hours of gaming, plus I love the ragdoll knockback deaths,pls developers, make the knockback way more exaggerated, the only problem is that there is not a lot of verities of enemies, I hope there will be more near the end of the game."
76561198162938985,Recommended,224600,29453017,Posted: 23 January,all,Sasha,Fun open world but the DLC are expensive
,Recommended,224600,9867364,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Perturbed Herb,yes
,Not Recommended,224600,10653405,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Drillbot,"It was fun for a few hours, but I felt it overall lacks any meaningful progression."
,Not Recommended,224600,9992447,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Johau,"I feel ♥♥♥♥ing cheated, i payed upfront for this game and now it's going F2P. WHAT KIND OF ♥♥♥♥ING♥♥♥♥♥♥IS THIS?."
,Not Recommended,224600,10674672,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Zimbabwe Thunder,It hurts me to know that I spent $60 on this crap stack and then see it go free to play.0/10
76561198063480123,Not Recommended,224600,10537039,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,RichGayPhoque,"Pay to win... simply... multiplayer that is, other than that, the ""normal"" gameplay and story are pretty good :\"
76561198019774140,Recommended,224600,8640149,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Sparda,Fun game. 2 expansions into it and the feel is way different. Can't wait to see what they add next.
76561198010360013,Recommended,224600,8654253,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,WIKING,yup.
,Recommended,224600,8642280,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Mirshann,Really good! Totaly worth it!
76561198022347110,Recommended,224600,8640962,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,DFSWPL,great game always something to kill lol
76561198007170387,Recommended,224600,7644127,"Posted: 12 November, 2013",all,dante-26,хорошая игра!!!покупайте де люксовое издание там личный квадроцикл есть:)
76561198046675266,Not Recommended,224600,12269084,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Dustin,"I paid $120 for this s**t and it went down to $10 after a month, that already describes how bad it is.It's your typical boring MMORPG with less players online and reptitive boring tasks and broken missions.2/10"
76561198038622248,Not Recommended,224600,18265830,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,[♫] Kamoba,"I used to thoroughly enjoy Defiance, but when the game went free to play, paying customers were slapped in the face and given near to no consideration for their support to the game!Worth the money, it was before, it went F2P..."
,Not Recommended,224600,31730867,Posted: 13 May,all,✪ JosFletch,I payed £40 and am now salty :'(
76561198080011167,Not Recommended,224600,18767293,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,BabyMaker038,"Mostly Positive Reviews??? WHAT IN THE ****ING HELL???So it has been a while since I played... mostly because I hoped that they would fix the game... but I guess I was wrong.To begin...Pre-ordered for $60 and it became free, no money refunded. What's more... is that now it became a ""pay-to-win"" and you're selling bundles??? Are you ****ing kidding me???Essentially the developers of this game, Trion, whipped their ****s out, and slapped their fan base across the face with it, instead of fixing the damn game, which had many MANY problems.Honestly it's so disappointing to know that they turned this game into a cash-grab scheme instead of making, what could have been, an amazing new universe.I'm never buying anything from these developers ever again, and I hope no one else does either."
,Recommended,224600,8270613,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Forraz^,A fun game :3 Wish people would see that too and get it so more players got to play with eachother here!
76561198050577429,Recommended,224600,11312926,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Mighty Sandwich,The love child of guild wars and borderlands.If u enjoy both those games u will enjoy this one
76561198300587332,Recommended,224600,30041204,Posted: 19 February,all,Dark lightning,it has awsome guns and nice rp and is *****
76561198071954568,Not Recommended,224600,11401436,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,<|AoC|>Threatly,"payed for this game and got nothing out of it, now its free, watse of time and money"
76561198102728627,Not Recommended,224600,11403564,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Zombie,you make it free to play that is a good point but yet i paid for this game a long time ago im♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off about this
,Recommended,224600,24038066,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,★<Bloodreaper>★,IF you think about installing this game. DO IT. Its worth it 100%!!!!!
76561198078051906,Recommended,224600,29532744,Posted: 27 January,all,Nickolas Neptune,good
76561198086730375,Not Recommended,224600,29430706,Posted: 22 January,all,gearhead803,payed for game now its f2p and they game people who bought nothing extra
,Not Recommended,224600,7872001,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Leif,"This game was fun for 10-20 hours, but it gets really repetitive and once you complete the main storyline there is not much left to do, PVP is really bad and there is no endgame content.I haven't played the game for months, there are probably not a lot of players leftThe game was original, but lacking so many features (espacialy social features, like trading etc.)"
,Recommended,224600,9701300,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,alx,"Worth 5 bucks for a pretty good Multiplayer borderlands-esq game. DLC is a bit excessive, and the deluxe edition is close to a scam, so try to stick just to the base game."
,Not Recommended,224600,8499140,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Bean,It's just not a good game
76561198071073421,Not Recommended,224600,16734373,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Kuntz,eh.
,Recommended,224600,26121001,"Posted: 19 October, 2016",all,Inuyasha,Most Beautiful Game Ever Created In Thee Existence Of The Universe. Anyone that plays any game using the valve engine is ♥♥♥♥♥♥ trash and WILL kill themselves.
76561198042120701,Not Recommended,224600,10829379,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,l.,Just is a chore to play. Easy way to avoid this is to just not buy. It just does'nt seem fun.
76561198093326151,Recommended,224600,10350167,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,rmmachamerjr,"Trion I want all my orange weapons and their matching appropriate mods returned I earned them playing the game.  Not a good way to make a free to play start .  I was a fully  payed customer of your service. I bought the codes with real money and presently you broke the contract.  It is up to you to make it right.   FIX IT.Steam somewhere in your contracts I'm sure Trion has contract requirements to not sully your reputation as a gaming giant, You need to step in and protect your company's reputation. Please make them fix this mess."
,Recommended,224600,1104916,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,Anterk,"Defiance takes the Borderlands formula and sticks it in a totally-open MMO environment to great effect. The initial release was supposedly buggy, but I've yet to notice anything game-breaking. A great option for people who want to play a shooter, but who don't want to be limited by map sizes and real-world players. The story won't blow you away, but the number of things to do at any given moment may surprise you."
,Recommended,224600,11399101,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,devinkroplewski,gets kinda old after a wile
76561198038994337,Recommended,224600,7872002,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Harvista,Epic- time consuming fun- great open world with a good back story and interacting with the story
76561198092216560,Recommended,224600,7773469,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Barristan,"This game is truly amazing in many ways and I am writing this review to tell any future buyers why they should buy this amazing game.To start of with, here are the basics of the game:~ It is a third person shooter, which personally I believe was a good choice for the game.~ It is an MMO which means that it is online the majority of the time.~ The game map itself is massive and will always have something new to explore.Now for the my opinion on the price, I believe that the price for this game is right. The graphics are generally amazing except for some simple little problems that any game designer could have made. The AI are quite good but can suddenly freeze or refuse to spawn every now and then.The game includes an amazing variety of different weapons, that are original in many different ways. There are also many different types of clothing which can make your character look scary, or generally awesome.You can customise your character half way through the opening cutscene, this character creation idea is amazing because you can put almost as much deatil in a charcter as a SIM from SIMS 3.Overall I believe that this game is amazing except for the odd bug every now and then.I give this game.              8.5/10"
76561198071933993,Recommended,224600,31508747,Posted: 2 May,all,Crank,"Good Game.Was Hyped for this game, but wasnt as I was expecting .enjoyed it on release, had good time with friends even when it had some issues.7/10"
76561197995687118,Recommended,224600,31593682,Posted: 6 May,all,Scruzo,"does the trick, cheers"
,Recommended,224600,33948085,Posted: 1 August,all,Graham,"haven't played this game for a few years, but it is still highly addictive."
,Not Recommended,224600,29731400,Posted: 5 February,all,Otoshigami-sama,MEH. Thats enough
76561198149555005,Recommended,224600,29553387,Posted: 28 January,all,Sgt.Gamer,Can I have admin power(command access) and the cammand list?
,Recommended,224600,28091833,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Tank,I last played in 2013!
,Recommended,224600,29488827,Posted: 25 January,all,[OG]HDMZ,✔✔✔✔✔✔✔
,Recommended,224600,6351977,"Posted: 26 July, 2013",all,Vox Chaotica,"""a refined shooter"" -PC Gamer""a refined shooter"" -PC Gamer""a refined shooter"" -PC Gamer""a refined shooter"" -PC Gamer""a refined shooter"" -PC Gamer"
,Recommended,224600,8663172,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Niclas,Nice story and stuff. xD
,Recommended,224600,29636155,Posted: 1 February,all,Niko,You should visit more often a library. The spoken language in this game is broken as symmetra in Overwatch.
,Recommended,224600,8040211,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Cornelius-L,♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,224600,12547151,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Crosshatch,"Paid too much money for a game that became pay-to-win a few days later. Devs are greedy, don't give them your cash."
,Not Recommended,224600,24473927,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Governor of Kekistan,meh
,Recommended,224600,991898,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,Vaylgar,"good game , paid 100 bucks for my pack in preorder and the game was good until their first patch which they then screwed everything literally up with it, now about 2 years later:now its free, the game is well worth being free and paying for a few expansions which are super cheap, the game is a great game has some issues they brought about when it went free to play, unfortunately that brough in a load of ungreatful♥♥♥♥♥♥trolls. It also causes some crashing out during world events and you not to get credit even for your own arkfalls you call down which are major expsensive costs around 80k script to call down a major arkfall event.We need more good players and less kiddies the game is a great game cant beat it for being free to play, with no aspects of pay to win whatsoever!!"
,Not Recommended,224600,10990880,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Savitar,Piece of ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥do not even think of buying this ♥♥♥♥♥♥ BORING piece of♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,224600,18839744,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,DungusMcBungus,Bought the game for 10 bucks and now its free... bullcrap
,Recommended,224600,31527477,Posted: 3 May,all,{LCD} C-U-J-O ™,loved the tv show so much the game just seems right....
76561198316085646,Not Recommended,224600,31993969,Posted: 27 May,all,Sub for a free iphone 7 plus,"THIS GAME IS SO HARD. LIKE WHEN U REVIVE URSELF UR KILLED AGAIN. WHAT IS THE POINT OF PLAYING THEN.FIRST CHAPTER EZ AF, BUT THEN COMES THE IMPOSSIBLE.EVERY ONE SAYS U HAVE TO BE 2000 OR MORE TO DO THIS..."
76561197973471088,Not Recommended,224600,26404301,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,happy you are,NEED FOV SLIDER !!
,Recommended,224600,8064051,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Freddie Freeloader,"Decent MMO. I had the unfortunate mispleasure of paying sixty dollars for this title on launch, not considering the fact that almost every MMO eventually goes Free-to-play, which is a white flag on their part, as they concede one after another to the popularity of World of Warcraft. But Defiance has decent gameplay, especially for Solo MMO players. The social aspects are the weakest part of the game without question, and strangely enough the strongest part of the game could be considered its story elements. The combat is what you'd expect - it has been labeled as the Borderlands MMO, but unfortunately the universe seems to lack the character that the Borderlands universe does. While I cannot speak for the accompanying show, I know it got renewed for a second season, and so more crossover between the show and the game is expected. I am not spending time on Defiance anymore myself, but it is a decent MMO to sink a hundred hours or so into."
76561198151028856,Recommended,224600,29828644,Posted: 10 February,all,Valiiii,This is my explanation on what i like about this game
76561197960322567,Recommended,224600,9875,"Posted: 5 September, 2013",all,holyburst,Face 1d 15h+@ download term.It was an unprecedented experience.What a waste...
76561198018446175,Recommended,224600,29128042,Posted: 8 January,all,COM/RED,"It's pretty fun, I recommend it! :)"
,Recommended,224600,14513720,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Rubber,1. buy this game2. games goes free3. ????4. profit for Trion worlds
,Not Recommended,224600,33097143,Posted: 1 July,all,ClunkyPenguin,Flopped.
76561198251285408,Not Recommended,224600,29644516,Posted: 2 February,all,sergiuh18,when i closed this game steam says it is running
76561198045819656,Not Recommended,224600,18825099,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,coolkeven,"This game use to be amazing to play, I use to play it all the time with my friend. Now after paying and preodering the game they made it free. like seriously what the ♥♥♥♥,"
,Not Recommended,224600,30439291,Posted: 10 March,all,Tal'Set,What a sad mistake of a game.
,Recommended,224600,9638195,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,JADERNIJ|ALKASHI,cool open world mmo shooter alot of fun by killing bosses together join up :)http://www.defiance.com/en/my-ego/profile/pc-free-trial/?rc=JKGYZMD3TCW2TYMCQQLKplay eu server  find RAGEFIGHTER :)
76561198105543715,Recommended,224600,22814780,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,AndrewJ,You can roleplay animals finally best gaem evreyu 6 out of 11 but and can't 2 raes dic rad game defifghtence is so cool.
,Not Recommended,224600,33142297,Posted: 2 July,all,Vulkos K.,Is this game still alive?
,Not Recommended,224600,10912834,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Flemet,This ♥♥♥♥in' thing sucks!﻿
76561198036331452,Not Recommended,224600,28606080,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Gigibop,"didn't play this game much, but it sucks"
,Not Recommended,224600,16805755,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Beastwolf1³✿,"I played it, could barely run the game on my crappy laptop, never touched it again, it's borderlands in mmo form."
,Not Recommended,224600,16921363,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,boxes,If you like AIDS go for it
76561197998804353,Not Recommended,224600,33117968,Posted: 1 July,all,jskid6,just like the show it sucks. paid for it and now its free for everyone. the only compensation anyone who bought it when it came out was crap booster items. how about my $60 back.
,Recommended,224600,24985019,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Fiend,the game is ok
,Not Recommended,224600,29707704,Posted: 4 February,all,Chubbs,Subscribe to noninclusive
76561198077827262,Not Recommended,224600,33293636,Posted: 5 July,all,Qrow,Best single player MMO game I've ever played.-3 Servers /  7 Servers
,Recommended,224600,33251687,Posted: 4 July,all,Imp,?
,Recommended,224600,9697403,"Posted: 1 April, 2014",all,Kyøshi [ZF],GET IT GET IT NAO
76561198003987457,Not Recommended,224600,2204539,"Posted: 30 August, 2013",all,Paladin Leeroy,It's garbage  .
,Recommended,224600,9728784,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,ALMIGHTyEV,"great game, excellent combo of FPS and MMO games."
76561198050242093,Recommended,224600,9731357,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,jadiejadie,worth to play
,Recommended,224600,7330151,"Posted: 7 October, 2013",all,Bignutt,"Great game been playing since beta. I has gone thru many changes some good some bad but thats the way it goes. Have enjoyed the new content very much, Looking forward to season 2 coming in June. I recommend this game to any scifi fan it is a different take on the mmo genre as it seems with all trion worlds games."
76561198009849401,Recommended,224600,2601007,"Posted: 26 May, 2013",all,theblackfrog,i like it :)
76561198008638277,Recommended,224600,10640080,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,merkrebel,FAB  MULTIPLAYER  \0/
76561198064426336,Recommended,224600,10627737,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,cyro,"Esperava muito mais desse jogo pela propaganda e pelos videos, porém mostrou-se um simples e chato mmo."
,Recommended,224600,4062509,"Posted: 4 May, 2013",all,katjanhos,love that this game
76561198012492464,Recommended,224600,10662249,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Wolkvar,i just don't know.....there's so much bs with this game
76561198127423650,Recommended,224600,10501490,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Cerberus,One word awesome
76561198063577126,Recommended,224600,10476380,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Rulz,"i always liked this game, its getting even better with the more ppl that are playing it i hope people will try the game it out now that its f2p as im sure they will all like it!"
76561198036349267,Recommended,224600,10478649,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,InsanerM,"This game is a great gameplay mix of Borderlands and Halo with the fast paced intense combat of GunZ: The Duel. It it by far my favorite game in terms of PvP. It is fast, fun, and feels rewarding. Once you get some items and go into the many PvP maps or shadow wars (open worldish PvP) it gets really fun. Definitely reccomended to anyone who likes fast PvP. The engine is just great."
76561198043998856,Not Recommended,224600,10462399,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Mighty Duckson [GER],"cant really recommend it. the walking/running feels too damm clunky. quest are rather boring and same goes for the world events that take place. and the boss fight. its not hard but boring, dull and wait too long."
,Not Recommended,224600,10465495,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Nova,"It's pretty dull and repetitive. Get guns to kill things to pick up the drops to get guns to kill things to pick up the drops to get guns to kill things to pick up the drops. The missions are a load of ""go to a nearby place where there's three objects to interact with, and kill the monsters that are guarding the objects."" If the gunplay was compelling, it'd be okay, but it's not. If you're tired of MMOs that play like Skinner boxes, you're already tired of Defiance."
76561198041083001,Recommended,224600,4717929,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,Blueflite,"I like this game. It's a solid Massively Multiplayer Third Person Shooter, with enough good story and character advancement / gear upgrades to satisfy the online RPG enthusiast. I quickly became a fan of the TV show (warning: TV show is NOT kid-friendly) and the tv-show tie-ins and crossovers appear to be creatively done. The in-game interactions I've had with main characters from the show have made sense and kept everything in-character. I'll keep playing, and looking forward to season 2 of the show."
76561198095888555,Recommended,224600,10520500,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,ex0dus_begins,"This game was a steal at 10 bucks and now that its F2P, I dont see why anyone would not play it. Game play will get old after a month or two, but its fun while it lasts."
,Recommended,224600,10544127,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,FannyFungus,jævla drit...
76561198019587030,Recommended,224600,10386598,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Soothing Darkness,"With 800+ hours playing this game; I have to say it is a lot of fun. However the game suffers badly from lag.Pros:Driving vehicals is easy to do.Combat is interesting, and forces you to strategize in addition to being a decent shot.NPC's have pretty good ai. They take cover and move around.Large variety of equipment, weapons, and skills to customize to your playstyle.Large world map, with a lot of areas to go.Randomized mini missions are available all over the place, in addition to locations that have missions.Nearly every mission is repeatable.Simple to use UIRegular schedualed maintenance to game.It has a pretty decent storyCons:LagServers do not keep up with the populations, and the game becomes nearly unplayable due to lag.You can only complete certain time dependant missions a couple hours out of the day.Your vehical (which is used very often) dissapears and kicks you out without warning. It often will not spawn, or takes a very long time to spawn.GrindingThere is a lot of repeating of the same content in order to advance your character in strength.Resources that are required to upgrade your equipment is gathered at a slower rate than you need it. Therefore you may need to switch to a new item, rather than using the one you like."
,Recommended,224600,10359413,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,King Krow,Great game! My son got it a while back and i liked it so much i had to buy myself a copy for my PC.
,Recommended,224600,10381201,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Undeadwarriorswe,Very fun game but many complain on it but it is free to play so why not give it a try and it ties in with the tv series.
76561198052846286,Not Recommended,224600,5610932,"Posted: 9 June, 2013",all,Twisted,"brick wall ending.a mmo that is easy to solo with buyable dlc and more repetative than any game I've found. example main objective move five feet hold E, now go twenty feet hold E, now go back to the start and kill five people, rinse and repeat. the redeaming factor is its free unless you were like me and bought it near launch."
76561197990305542,Recommended,224600,10397019,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Selizius,good game but dlc`s are not worth itgets boring as soon as you finish main missions
,Recommended,224600,7676861,"Posted: 16 November, 2013",all,[MKP] AroBr ♣,"Um dos mmo da steam que não é pay to win, o jogo é totalmente free e muito bom, vc paga se quiser, a melhor coisa do jogo é quando aparece o boss mundial e lota de jogadores.. FANTÁSTICO"
,Recommended,224600,10402119,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,voltron101,Honestly this game is a LOT better then i thought it would the videos and screens make it look gay but i gave it a try and i really like it a lot.
76561198030447888,Recommended,224600,10393874,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Nayfenn,"Amazing and addictive game has all you would want from a tpsmmo, And it's free-to-play now so you have no excuses!"
76561198086018336,Not Recommended,224600,8788758,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,ice 9,♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,224600,10363092,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Teh_bioshock,no
,Recommended,224600,944936,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,Kaeru,"This is the most shallow MMO I have ever played. That said, it is exceptionally good at being a really fun, shallow experience. If you like shooting things then driving really fast so as to shoot additional things, this is the game for you!"
76561197974806323,Recommended,224600,666133,"Posted: 25 April, 2013",all,Drakks,"Enjoyable, but incredibly limited MMO shooter experience.For all it's flaws, and believe me when I say there are many.. many.. MANY.. it's a fun game to play through one time. The story is enjoyable, and the pve experience isn't the worst I've seen. PvP however, which is the hook, is plagued by short-sighted design (you mean people like stealth and burst weapons??!?) and an incredibly bone-headed move to put damage values client side.. allowing them to be edited by anyone with a hex-editor and 5 minutes.When the game drops to 20 bucks or less, I would give it a meh recommendation for the novel mix of MMO and FPS concepts.As it stands now, I strongly recommend steering clear, as the game is certainly not worth the 60 dollar box price."
76561198073913763,Recommended,224600,10371533,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Greedy F'cker,"Nowhere near as bad as everyone claims it is. Is it worth $20 or more? I would say it isn't. If you are curious at all in this game wait for it to go on sale. If you can grab it for $10 or less then I would recomend grabbing it. For that price you will definetly get your moneys worth and the game is actually quite enjoyable, just not as captivating as most MMORPGs."
,Recommended,224600,10374409,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Tracercat,"I picked this game up when there was still a cost associated with it, and I find it to be one of the better sci-fi themed MMOs out there. Perfect? No, not by a long shot. Deserving of a place in any MMO addict's collection? Yes. This game gives you so much to do right out of the box, plus the fact that it crosses over with the TV series is just an added bonus. Once you get past the initial tutorial levels, the game opens up and lets you explore almost all of the Defiance universe. What few races and classes you have feel truly unique and special in their own right, meaning that there's no need to worry about the game becoming boring after you finish with a character, which will take quite a long while to accomplish. Arkfalls and instances are immensely fun, and the community, though a bit on the silent side, IMO, is also immensely helpful in the Arkfalls, which are seldom doable with just a small group of people. All told, Defiance is one of the best games based on a TV series that I've laid my hands on, and now that it's gone F2P, no self-respecting fan of sci-fi or MMOs should NOT pick it up."
76561198078125937,Recommended,224600,10377880,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Kamikai_Rashad,There is never a dull moment in this game xD
76561198027612300,Recommended,224600,9643228,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,goodthink,"I originally bought into this game when the unique tie-in model was announced, a tv-show and mmo mixed together with the show affecting the mmo and the mmo affecting the show.I couldn't get through the first season of the show. It wasn't fun or credible, yet the game remains. This game IS fun. Sure there are questionable game mechanics (like lvling your gun and not getting further skillups with it), but you have a large open world, and a very good mix of rpg/fps.Logging in after a long break, the game has changed dramatically. It appears to have had a UI overhaul, a slight graphic update and many additions to your arsenal such as charge weapons, spikes and stims.At $10 there is little reason NOT to own this game, even if you don't like the show. There is an easy 50-200hrs of immersive gameplay value here with enough novelty to keep a person entertained."
76561198033915558,Not Recommended,224600,9446487,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Saionara,This one has been very disapointing. Have been unable to install the game on any of my 4 PC's. On top of that have been unable to get a refund. Have wasted gb of download and time trying to get it working. The most frustrating game purchase ever. The only game that I have not been able to even get running.
,Recommended,224600,4162659,"Posted: 1 June, 2013",all,Cyrinika,Pretty cool. Can't beat Trion games.
,Recommended,224600,10014313,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Chelle,"Defiance, that game that's all about ""Watch the show, play the game."" Well, I don't have Syfy but I do have all 5 of the currently released DLC packs. I've ranked up my EGO to over 1,100 and I'm still interested in continuing the journey to 5k and beyond!Pros:FULLY SUPPORTS YOUR XBOX 360 Controller on PC!!!What other MMO will let you get cars and quad runners to roam over their open world map? What other MMO out there will let you take said vehicle and squish your enemies into pulp? I'm sure something out there somewhere offers something similar but Defiance does it right.Like Eve Online? No? Okay, no problem. Have friends playing Defiance? Have they played for a long while and have really decked out characters? If so, no worries! You might not like Eve Online but maybe you like the sandbox aspect of it, Defiance gives you that sandbox-y-ness. You can play with your veteran friends and go wherever they can go!Cons : Well, there's still some balance issues that get tweaked from time to time to sort out issues. But, with the last patch that came out 1.505, they corrected a lot.As of right now, you have to pay for individual expansion packs in order to use everything that drops in the world. You still get to interact with various other aspects of the expansion packs, though. Like fighting new mobs and enjoying new systems put into play. Most recently this would have been the armor plates and the new enemy types. But the last update also introduced a currency known as Arkforge and the ability to upgrade your weapon's EGO rating. I don't know if those that don't own the DLC would have access to those functions in their salvage matrix but they definitely did not get the 1,000 arkforge currency when the update hit.There is an in-game store and this store has vehicles in different colors as well as clothing. I haven't looked closely but I do remember something called a power pack that might have contained weapons. At any rate, the game contains micro-transactions on top of the required pay for each DLC expansion.Also, there's word out that Defiance is going to migrate to a F2P business model which opens the doors for more players, certainly. There are some aspects of the sandbox that create drawbacks for older players. Whenever a major arkfall drops and newer players end up in it, they don't know that they shouldn't shoot the locks off the containment field. All they know so far is that they listen to a voice in their head that tells them to shoot things and you follow it. Well, when you're in a major arkfall, you don't listen to her. You wait! You sit on your hands and wait until there are 24 people in the arkfall around the cage in the middle of the room. Others will tell you when you can start breaking locks.So... um... that's about it I guess. It's an awesome MMO that takes after Tera Online as far as combat systems go. You aim your weapons at your target, you don't get to ""LOCK ON"" to them. Well, unless you have a guided launcher but that's a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥♥and not really worth it to use (IN MY OPINION ONLY you may actually like it, who knows until you try, right?). There's unlimited free access right now to a small portion of the map which can help you get acquainted with the game. So, no reason to not pick it up and give it a try today."
76561198060333575,Recommended,224600,10019643,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Arctic Kyros,"Best open world shooter i have played in a long time, Fun helpfull community  and enjoyable gameplay  PvE and PvP"
,Not Recommended,224600,10021278,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,Soviet Corgi,"I watched the show, its good. But sadly the game itself is great and all, but they tried to make a cash cow. And they make it seem like players are ubiquitous, but I really haven't been able to find people to play with. Sadly bought it for $60 and can't get a refund. And I feel like everything is just so repetitive and its a constant grind."
,Not Recommended,224600,9718259,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Metalslayer,"The game is not bad, but is rather generic, and sometimes boring. I can only play this when my friend is on, otherwise feels more like obligation than fun. Most enemies are sponge ones, you will shoot them and shoot them for a long time before they drop. Level and weapons feel inconsistent, you are never sure if your weapon is better or worse. Most of the weapons also feel like re-skins or simply stat elevated. Story is boring as well as quests. Quests are just like any other MMO in the market, go here, kill X number of enemies, activate button.Nowadays servers are getting empty. Most of the time you will roam alone in a vast world, that seems rather bland and uninteresting (at least everyone is given a vehicle that you can spawn as you desire). Only chance to find other players is going to the world events, most people go for them since it's the best way to get exp and resources. The map is big, but feels really empty, in the sense that you can be in the starting area, go to the other side of the map and still feel like you are at the same place, there is nothing to see. You have plenty missions to do, but since almost everyone of them are boring, i predict you will drop this game quickly. I only played for 25 hours because i had people i knew playing with me using a mic.Would not recommend, game seems doomed and empty. Feels like any other F2p MMO and brings nothing new to the genre."
76561197989862395,Recommended,224600,9721174,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Nordicen[NOR] -,"good mmo, and finally without swords and mages. now with guns and nades :-D its really worth it ;)"
,Recommended,224600,9338287,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,method ツ,I love the series and the game.
76561197989916655,Recommended,224600,9313315,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Ser Oddgar,"Fun open world shooter. It's got solid gun play, very gratifying driving, and has a pretty good story as far as mmo's go. Falls short with it's replayability factor, and the only reason to run dungeons is to obtain unlockable cosmetic gear. The world events are visually impressive, and the smaller zone or area events are pretty varied and fun to do. There are loads of small challenges that can be compelted for titles or yet more unlockable cosmetic gear, or even weapons and cars. But nothing truly substantial is gained via challenges or dungeons. It does have a really awesome skill tree though."
,Recommended,224600,9437745,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,peyton.taveney,"not a bad game..when you get to play, it is always trying to load a patcher that it will abort every time.. and i cant play the gamwe anymore because of this.. best part of this game was the commercial"
76561198037365102,Recommended,224600,9437818,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,Mr Potato Head,"worth the money, lots to do."
,Recommended,224600,9435042,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,Taz,the game it self is not bad just for the time i've had it and played it there area i do see that need to be fix but other then that i'm a really big Defiance Fan and the game just let me enjoy a little more of it. i've enjoy the time i've play on it so far.
,Recommended,224600,9292451,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Scampi,kopen die handel !
,Recommended,224600,9185325,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,DoubleDogg6,"I can't think of what not to say about this game. Defiance is one of those rare MMOs that doesn't want all of your money. Its a pay once deal. Yes its still an MMO but there is no monthly payment, simpley buy it once and play until they shut it down or they make you pay-to-play. This game is so amazing, its like Borderlands mixed with a MMO. There isn't a big community so if you want to play Co-Op better hope a friend wants to pay $10 for it too. Other than that let me list the Pros and Cons.Pros:Really big open-world.Almost all ways something to do.Lots of rewards to get.Works with the SyFy show Defiance*Cons:Standard MMO launcher.Not very big community to play with.Over all this is a great game. For $10 why not get it? Can't see why not, its really fun. Just wish more people played."
76561198036066404,Recommended,224600,9215643,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Murder Puff,"Definance is a very unique game in the sense that it is the first MMO I have ever played where it felt more like a single player game than anything else. Yes, there are many other players you encounter and it is rarely difficult to group up for whatever it is you would like to do, but the majority of the game can be completed on your own - or at least outside of a group - and even in the moments when you are grouped up, you still have a sense of being completely independent.Weather or not any of that is a good or bad thing,  I can't really decide. However, I can say that Defiance has provided many hours of entertaining gameplay (It was not uncommon for me to turn on some music and play hours at a time).In short:I would not place Defiance at the top of my list of recommendations - however, It is still very much worth the purchase and I would encourage picking it up."
,Recommended,224600,8817181,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,FaithAlone,"I am a big fan of the show and I love the game its like fallout meets borderlands in 3rd person I love it. However its still a bit glitchy, like with the vehicles they are really hard to control and glitchy, hope they fix this, however; I would still recomend getting this even if you have never heard of the show, how meny open world 3rd person shooter MMOs are there none that come to mind. Love the Game."
,Not Recommended,224600,10053433,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,Kuhlio,Horrible repetitive game. Broken launcher and no respect for their customers. Don't waste your money on it.
,Not Recommended,224600,9987252,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,dreizehnX,"Great gameplay, great handling.An interesting world.Unfortunately you can play the main missions ONLY SOLO. I have no idea why an online multiplayer game does not support co-op at missions but this is a really bad joke.So you play with your friends, explore the world and have a lot of fun. But as soon as you enter an instance you are playing solo. No teamplay ALLOWED.It really is some kind of art how easy you can destroy a game which is really great elseway."
,Recommended,224600,10804347,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,LittleSpanishDogs,I played this game and I was having fun. I reached a point where I needed a group to complete a mission and there was not a single person to be found . If this game had a large player base it would be great!
,Recommended,224600,10839733,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,WelcomeToThePartyPal!!,"This game rocks, if you like Boarderlands 2 then you will love this game. I own all 5 DLC through the Season Pass, This game is so unique it adds everything good and lacking from similar games into this one game. I have hundred of hours invested into the game and have been playing for about 9 months. I do not use Steam to Launch this game anymore I use Trions in-house game manager called Glyph. Glyph with repair and update the game where STEAM FAILS EPICALLY BY DELETING THE GAME WHEN YOU USE Verify Game Cache SO DO NOT USE IT TO REPAIR THE GAME. Having owned this on PS3 before PC, PC all the way never went back to the PS3 version as my computer is a beast with SLI and i5-3570k 16 gigs of ddr3, 3 SSD one for OS 2 in a stripped raid layout.Trion also manages and develops the game RIFTHere is a link to Glyph and Defiance via the developers website.https://glyph.trionworlds.com/account/profile/manage-game!input.action?dd=11&utm_source=google_Glyph_NA&utm_medium=cpc&utm_campaign=june&utm_content=Install"
76561198031817269,Recommended,224600,4085662,"Posted: 11 July, 2013",all,[FR]thekillermas[DEAD],super jeux de tirs et d'aventure dans un monde ouvert ou il y a des évenement un peut partout un jeux complet qui plaira au joueur confirmer et novice
76561198059743656,Recommended,224600,11492509,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,Mastercomp,i buyed this game and now is free to play oh youst great
,Recommended,224600,11484191,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Giant Dengus,Hours and hours of fun was had playing this game.
,Recommended,224600,11505074,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Mr. Schwifty,"I do truly love this game, it is extremely addicting the missions are good if you play by yourself but they are ten times better when you play with a group of friends. Don't like that you have to unlock the map overtime but it doesnt take long. The controls are nice and tight and the world allways looks pretty. Plenty to explorer and there are main roads to get the main goals and points. If you put money in this game all you get is nice skins and cool name tags. So yeah now it is free to play it is defently worth the time."
76561197975363744,Recommended,224600,11476715,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Vic Mackey,gogogo
76561198049171029,Recommended,224600,10949671,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Yotamrulez1,This is an overall nice game. though i dont understand how i payed 60 full $ for the game and after a short period it was reduced to 10$. then its for free... I think that all the players who bought the game for actual money should be recieving bits or something to compensate the fact that people can now play for free.good for the idea that now more people will play but i honesly feel like a bit of a sucker now.
76561198024049262,Recommended,224600,10852445,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,TornMaverick,Great game!
76561198011015047,Recommended,224600,10896496,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,andrewrome,It is a nice change fo pace from normal mmo.   it actually requires a little bit of skill and not button combinations.
76561198067025491,Recommended,224600,10885412,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Khepri,Good game Good Plot Good everything
,Recommended,224600,10886191,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Ser Armordos,I want my ten bucks back.
,Not Recommended,224600,10888475,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,LOOK WHAT YOU MADE ME DOOOOO,"This used to be a decent online third-person shooter, but now that it's gone free-to-play on PC, there's no reason to bother signing in; a shame, really, I would have liked to play more of it."
,Not Recommended,224600,5511981,"Posted: 25 May, 2013",all,Inaniman,"[OLD REVIEW-MID 2013] I like it, the enviornment is strangly beautiful, the gameplay is addicting(but will most likely get repetitive eventually) and the story is...I don't pay attention to the story, its not too interesting. Even though it's pretty good, I wouldn't pay $60 for it, not even $40. At the most I would pay for this is $30, but this is still a considetered a new game, and steam sales won't go that high for a while. It was also a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥signing up and activating my account, really frusterating after typing in the same code 3 times[CURRENT REVIEW-MID 2014] Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ I have never seen a game get this bad in a year, the enemies are even more bullet spongy (even for an mmo) the health regen and self revive system system can be abused even more, there are more bugs and glitches, and this is the first game to make me sick and give me a headache because of the low fov, and it's a damm third person shooter! The servers (even with the free to play update) are empty all the time, and the mechanics are always changing, getting worse and worse as time goes on (for example, grenades used to be like an ability, with a cooldown time, then they moved onto an ammo system that worked fairly well, but it wasn't the greatest change, now grenade ammo is similar to a loot drop, and is extremely scarce, not fun when you're hoarded with enemies that are resistant to small arms fire, and need grenades to be taken out)DO NOT WASTE YOUR TIME WITH THIS"
,Recommended,224600,10866589,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,gatekeeper1122,this game is like borderlands but even better has more co-op to than 4 players you just have to try it to understand what its like
76561198038551224,Not Recommended,224600,10903663,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,spesce22,This game is just terrible...
,Recommended,224600,2710192,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,Ainilome,"I am ashamed to say that I fell in to the ""reverse hype"" and have avoided this very fun game for far too long. Go into expecting a loose mash up of Rift and Borderlands, enjoy the unique setting and the interesting dynamic of game/TV show and don't get hung up on atypical MMO expectations. It's really very fun!"
76561197992440068,Recommended,224600,1379507,"Posted: 10 May, 2013",all,CommieKicker,"The last good MMO I played was Hellgate London ( the original under flagship studios, not the koreacrap new version). This, by-far is worth every dime."
76561198025531747,Not Recommended,224600,8470532,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,barxman,"really i pay 50e and now its 4,99e ?? god job terrible game only for free i will play it again"
76561198070745381,Recommended,224600,11455290,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Jerek,I bought it for $15 and now it's free.  I love the show but it seems like after I buy a game it goes half price or free. After I buy it.
,Not Recommended,224600,11471953,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,[TLR] 444+222,"Defiance is too simplistic of a game, the level progression and overall levelling system of the game is just atrocious. It feels like you are repeating the same quests over and over again until you grind over to the next questing area. Not a lot of time will pass until you start to realize you are repeating the same quests, masked over by a different objective. The AI are the next problem with this game. They will be standing right in front of you missing every shot or will immediatly turn around with their ""aimbot"" like senses and still miss every shot, they are easy to fight and make the game pointless to play considering you are just shooting target dummies. It would be the same as (I kid you not) playing WoW and killing deer and rabbits in the forest. They are that easy. The games animations are poor, as a whole it is way to cartoony, unrealistic, and any other adjective that would describe a bad game. Honestly a 25/100."
76561197970772522,Not Recommended,224600,11250413,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,PKNecron,"Game is OK at best... very tough to solo because the spawns get out of control and it is REALLY REALLY easy to get killed. Gets boring fast. Laggy as hell. Many many times I have DC'ed at an Arkfall because there were too many people in one spot and the game decided to de-sync everyone. After a week I am starting to remember WHY I stopped playing in the first place.Single BIGGEST problem with the game is that it is far far too easy to become overwhelmed with adds at any of the Arkfalls or events you run across. You can't kill 15 adds solo fast enough and frankly the only groups you see are running from incursion to incursion becasue it is the best way to get drops.Oh, and that's another thing: Good drops only happen when there are lots of other people around to ramp up the difficulty. Though frankly with lots of people the game is actually EASIER to beat than it is solo."
76561198059594796,Recommended,224600,6127718,"Posted: 15 September, 2013",all,Best Teeth,Fun
,Recommended,224600,11282005,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Vulcan Wolf,"As a 3rd person shooter: Pretty standard fare.  You got your grenades, your guns and your melee.  Controls are easy enough to learn and master for the endless gunfights you'll certainly find yourself immersed in.Character Customization isn't too bad.  I certainly don't feel like it's me and my thousand other clones in every game session.Weapons are also fairly straightforward and standard fare; with a growing array to choose from, but very definite expectations for each one, it'll be certain that you'll find the loadout that's in keeping with your style of gameplay... after an eternity of hunting for them and another eternity of hunting for the mods you want.Overall, I'd recommend it for a few times around, but it certainly isn't my top personal pick for a shooter."
,Recommended,224600,2467927,"Posted: 6 April, 2013",all,Savkat 420,well worth $100 many hours of fun to be had
76561198042181858,Recommended,224600,11252735,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,alexander2x,fun
,Recommended,224600,11370327,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,93ericr,this game is packed witrh all u need to have fun for years to come its borderlands meets 3rd person bad assnes
76561198052332034,Recommended,224600,11378120,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,FireBall,Plenty to do in this game and the crossover with the tv show is quite nice.
,Recommended,224600,11397794,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,HaveYouEverWentFast?,"This game has been out for awhile and had a pretty shakey launch. Let me say this first,Is this game dead? No, never has been and never was.Is this game broken? Yes, always has been and always will.There's lag, bugs, glitches,server crashes, hell this game probably has an STD. The dev team is constantly changing and they obviously cannot keep up to maintain the amount of bugs and glitches that are extremely prevalentBut is it fun? Hell yeah. Pure Action TPS with MMORPG elements. Play with friends since the game is completely COOP.Try it out, it's F2P"
76561197994986520,Recommended,224600,11398440,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Evil Steve,The trailer is a highlights real but for 0 dollars and 0 cents its worth it
76561198036230218,Recommended,224600,11400523,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,PrettySmile31,"Love this game and the way it looks, I love the mission they put you on and the fact that you get a group that knows what they are doing in order to finish the mission.  I love the weapons and the cool♥♥♥♥♥♥you get while you level up your characters."
,Recommended,224600,11529558,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,TheAdamMayo,"TRY THIS GAME!First off, anything you're reading about this game being broken is false at this point. Yes, there will be some points that the game will lag for a short time, but then it goes back to playing quite well and there's no problem. I played this on Xbox 360 when it first came out and loved it, but it didn't play well on console. I got it on PC months ago and nobody played it, but definitely plays great. Now that it's free to play, IT'S AMAZING AGAIN! There are tons of people to do events and challenges and arkfalls and other things with, it's just so spectacular!This is easily one of my favorite games. Go around the map, take part in huge scale and epic battles, acquire new weapons and shields and even outfiits, play through the story and large amount of side missions, there's even episode misssions related to the tv series (you don't need to watch the series for these missions to be fun). The game can be difficult, but that's what makes it playable.Bottom line; If you want to gun down weird a** creatures along with dozens of others at any given time, play with sick weapons and vehicles, and upgrade and customize your character into a total bada**....this game is for you."
,Recommended,224600,11425098,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Smileyboyjoe,Absolutely stunning. I loved it so much. Online was fun as well. Im so happy i decided to buy this on PC rather than Xbox. It has been so good and hasnt disappointed
76561198023729478,Recommended,224600,11425346,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,cladback,no brought it for 10 pound did a tf2 on me and went f2p
76561198013978474,Recommended,224600,11427070,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Doppelgänger,"great game, I just wish i hand't pre-ordered it back when it cost money I paid damn near $50 for this. Steam please stop taking expensive games and then changing them to free to play. I'm looking at you Dota 2"
76561197996252407,Recommended,224600,7725914,"Posted: 23 November, 2013",all,ᶜᶦᵃ CoreWhen,I Love the concept of this game content is there but finished main story line quickly. Can't wait till they release more in game content.
76561198009587775,Recommended,224600,11788994,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Redeeming Wrath,"I'll recommend the game because it is fun but its not good, great or amazing.I've been playing since Day 1 and this game still has a bunch of bugs, glitches and it definitely needs its weapons and threat levels balanced properly but the game's biggest problem right now is server stability. The new improvements they make either works and breaks something or doesn't work and breaks something.If you can get on-line and stay on-line  then the games not too too bad, just avoid the new area for awhile until they fix it, I rate it a hard 5/10."
76561197984484235,Not Recommended,224600,1016876,"Posted: 22 May, 2013",all,PumpChump,"Truly the game needs allot of work. BUT, I have to admit it is fun to play at times. I like the patches they are coming out with it shows they are finally acknowledging a need for some major fixes and some enhancements. I would still love to see RP supported.Addition: Since my original post I've had a change of heart. I am really angered by the lackluster way TRION is handling this game. Originally they charged us early buyers $65 + dollars to buy the game and another $35 Dollars for the Season's Pass, since their miss-mangement caused such a disfavor in the gaming community and numbers of player dropped dramatically they lowered the games price to $8 and same with the DLC. We full price payers feel ripped off to say the least at least I do. No compensation for the $100 I spent as opposed to gving the game away now for 1/10 the cost. Anyways, as far as game play, it's boring as sh_t. The new content hasn't added new mission or quests they just keep repeating the old ones over and over. Where are the writers where is the imagination to deliver a rich content filled ever changing world game? We're still stuck in CA where's the rest of the planet how about adding some other cities and areas lets get alien lifeforms teeming around the landscape, wild mutated life, animal and enemy. Every thing is becoming too routine in Defiance, it's like TRION does only what it needs to do from going bankrupt and no more. I'm disappointed but hopeful the idiot in charge will be fired and a genius will take over."
76561198044088769,Not Recommended,224600,9355400,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,Herpes free since 03,"Stay away, it is the most repetetive game I have ever played, and it is not worth your time or money."
76561197984259674,Recommended,224600,8982820,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,alankemp48,grate game i like it lot of actchon get defiance
,Recommended,224600,9004252,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Kamikazi2142,"Played this game on PS3 First, loved it, now i play it on PC and love it still, graphics are a lot better on PC compared to PS3 but that's common knowledge."
76561197975196094,Recommended,224600,9229188,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,CauSe^,"Pretty ♥♥♥♥ing awesomeeee Play it, and lets get it on."
76561198066962941,Recommended,224600,9164614,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Ssnoww,one of my all time favorites!
76561198069242753,Recommended,224600,9170167,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,(SHD) Agent Vigilante,This is one of the most game i ever play in my lifeStory (100/100)Online (100/100)on the TV Show (100/100)Help other players on the missions (100/100)Oh and one more thing. give it a try this game. is you want to help others. help players so you can back them up for a fight against the enemysalso buy some DLC you can get new weapons new missions new outfits new cars and more
76561198126467205,Recommended,224600,9171603,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Shell,"Amazing game, worth every penny and more. Reminds me and the hubby of borderlands =]"
,Recommended,224600,9173979,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,seandsun125,"So, far I am getting the hang of it.  LVL 20 now Shawnee Littlewolf is my alt in Defiance.  I had some gliches today but not to bad.  When interacting with enemy couldnt focus on it to shoot and run at same time had to press esc button to switch between it and it helped, but overall it is a good game"
76561198076765465,Not Recommended,224600,9176929,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,ApexGreyhawk,Did not care for this game at all.  I have learned that I am just not an MMRPG player.  I don't enjoy the gear grind at all.  Give me a shooter or hack N slash game any day.
,Recommended,224600,8745405,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Same,Great Game! if you like the show its even better!
,Recommended,224600,8750412,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Miles,"Summary:Not a complete waste of money for the now drastically reduced price of $10, or $5 on sale. Not so much bad as mediocre, with the scent of developer neglect.-----------------Defiance certainly tries to stand out. A third person shooter MMO is enough, but then you have the TV show tie-in. There are no classes to speak of, leaving you to shoot with whatever you pick up. There are no rows of hotkeys to build up. There are dynamic events across the map, albeit a feature they transplanted from Rift.Unfortunately it all falls apart. The third person shooting is competent, but it gets old fast. The developers failed to turn class-less gameplay into a virtue, instead rendering everyone identical with exception to minor cosmetics. The game might be enhanced if it included more abilities and encouraged specialization in some weapons. Then there are bugs, occuring most commonly when two people try to complete the same quest at the same time.The real problem though is that there is no sense of achievement. Levels pass by unnoticed, because the only effect you see are some minor improvements in stats. The only gear you can get are guns, so even cosmetics are underwhelming. The only modes of movement are by foot or by car, and since every car is dipped in the same vat of rust, you won't find much appeal there either.The final nail is that the idea of this as a tie in series is a joke. You take a mostly story based Sci-Fi show and turn it into a shooter MMO, where all the world's ailes can be solved with copious amounts of bullets? That doesn't work.The developers don't seem much intent on improving the game, but since fixing the problems would require a massive overhaul, I don't blame them. At least they lowered the price to $10 and don't have any subscription fees. That's why I give this a tentative thumbs up. If you watch the show, or need something to fill the time, you might find something to like, despite all my niggles."
76561198016457360,Recommended,224600,8751204,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,WolveRyan,"I finally found a 3 day trial of this game after seeing it for ages, I bought the game on day 2! Within the first 10 minutes I was hooked! Interesting story, fairly quick loot gain and no pay to win model! all items sold in the store as far as i can tell are cosmetic!!!"
,Recommended,224600,8667660,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Wormri,I have absolutely no one to play with. Still fun.
,Recommended,224600,8711741,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,jakebrake_12,this game is sweet. sincve it doesnt have a subscription the game is even better.  lots to do but tough to get all the menus at first.  stick to it.  well worth the price
76561198015267961,Recommended,224600,8712540,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Confusha,FUN
,Recommended,224600,8726466,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Twitch.tv/Herwo613,"This game is insanely fun! Certainly for Mass effect/Boarderland fan's! Doesn't have much bugs but if there is, a certain patch always fixes that! I'd love to explain the game in full to you but all I have time for is...this Third person shooter(TPS) RPG MMO is addictive, worlds clashing, war planning... And best of all, seeing that one person getting tea bagged! PvE- storyline(Very Interesting) PvP - Get a few friends together ( Very pleasant ) all in all. Good price. Good Times."
76561197981161339,Recommended,224600,8762598,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,WonKoTheSaNe,"Very interesting, Its an MMO that you can play for short durations. Its almost like a single player that way."
,Recommended,224600,2317013,"Posted: 23 April, 2013",all,GlitchedSmurf,"This is by far one of my favorite games sure it has had issues at launch but what game hasn't. Just completed all of the primary story missions that are available as of this moment and must say the end boss fight was tough and worth it. This games last fight difficulty made me feel sorta nostalgiac as I have not met a game that truely challenged me in a fun way like this since my days with a SNES, I love this game and cannot say enough about its quality dev team who roles out fixes and actually cares about there player and the game content. I also must point out that this makes the tv series x2 as good as it is stand alone..."
,Recommended,224600,8752850,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Iscish,I highly recommend this game. It is an excellent buy for $10 bucks and no monthly subscription fee:)
,Recommended,224600,10053026,"Posted: 8 May, 2014",all,Jester,The game may be out for over a year but this♥♥♥♥♥♥is awesome
76561198050751001,Recommended,224600,5496126,"Posted: 13 July, 2013",all,GentleHandy,its a good game but it gets old pretty quick. played it for around 50 or so hours and after that you realize that all the missions are the same thing and all the enemies look the same :P so buy it cheap or dont buy it at all.
,Recommended,224600,910282,"Posted: 8 April, 2013",all,NorCalRoach,"Can't say I'd recommend this game.  Very little character choices, bland missions, bland skills sets.  Don't waste your $60 and wait for it to be played for free."
,Recommended,224600,8863110,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Tigax,"Love Rift?  Imagine Rift with GUNS!Awesome game.  I love it the first time, I'm loving it again.It love you long time.PLAY IT!"
,Recommended,224600,8864537,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Comrade Ivan,amazing game but still needs some work
,Recommended,224600,795271,"Posted: 20 April, 2013",all,SeniorHerpleDerp,Awesome game.
,Not Recommended,224600,9032792,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Raven In Red,"I started playing this in the Beta and liked it - of course I knew it was going to have problems, and of course CS was going to be overwhelmed with people logging problems. But when it went live and some problems continued to plague the game, notably, when my stats reset themselves three times in five days to lower counts, and when accomplishments would NOT complete even though six hours spent grinding to complete a task would show no difference in the task marker and CS would not respond to me over several weeks over things like this (and I kept a spreadsheet of my tallies, and what count was on what day - I know, but I'm OCD, and I do stuff like that), and when they would get back to me they would say that their system said I was at the correct points in all things, and I would send them my Spreadsheet O' Death and they would not respond, and then items would mysteriously get removed from your inventory, ""Oh, yeah, sorry,  we know about that one, we're working on it!"" Sorry? Do you know how long and HARD I worked for that item?? And doing a job, your enemy would somehow spawn partially behind a wall, so you couldn't complete the mission, but you would have absolutely no way of knowing this without screaming your head off at your computer for half an hour and then asking others if they'd encountered the same problems, and yeah - seems like it's a ""common occurrence"". Restart mission and all would be aright with the world. (Save for the slight stroke I had trying to work out the problem on my own.) Then CS stopped responding to my repeated messages entirely. Three weeks, and no response. Three weeks, and no help. I'd had it. I had put money into the game to support them, I'd bought the ridiculously priced early release version at $99 - AND had bought a friend the same edition (that very same edition they're now giving away at $9.99.), I'd paid for the in-game bonuses and boosts for me AND my groups AND my clan, and was supporting the game I had promised that I would stand behind and support when it was still in Alpha. But when they stopped supporting ME...I stopped playing. I had to. The aggravation and just wear and tear on my nerves and general anxiety just shouldn't happen when you're playing a GAME. GAMES should be FUN, and a way OUT of the anxiety of our everyday lives. This game just caused me more problems than most of the 'real life' issues I was dealing with. When that happens, it's no longer a ""game""; it's an ""issue"". So I stopped and haven't gone back in close to a year. I'm about to try and update and just see what's different and see if it's something I can even jump back into; or of I should just un-install it for good and write it off as a failed experiement. Either way, I won't ever be supporting Trion games, or watching the show on SyFy anymore. The experience has been totally ruined by some careless give-a-frak coders who thought I was just another faceless player in the cyberspace of Defiance. They were wrong. I am a paying memeber of the potential buying public with her own sizeable reading public who has been silent until now, but now I will go very public about my very horrible experience with this company and their attitude toward their customers.Edit Notice: I have played more than 4 hours; I had an updater on my desktop."
,Recommended,224600,1362195,"Posted: 6 April, 2013",all,blackdave,cool
76561198016765703,Recommended,224600,7452524,"Posted: 22 October, 2013",all,ShinChihi,Awesome Game! It's like GTA but in the future! Get this game. I highly recommend it!
76561198064746510,Recommended,224600,8709390,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Nickyxm,"Defiance is one of the best games to play, with your friends. But I give this good game a 7/10 because some of the aminations are just bad, or just bad of worse. Yet, like I said I like his game, you should only see the good side of each game you play and this game showed me the good side, with a great RPG system, and it did a great job of making it into a MMO too. And if you were to buy this game, it would be worth the money. Buy it Now! for $9.99!!!!"
,Recommended,224600,5506058,"Posted: 21 September, 2013",all,Deimos,It's like borderlands had a rebellious child that decided it wanted to be an MMO. Great game.
76561197966538967,Recommended,224600,9127876,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Erdnase,"Building on the Borderland's mechanics, this MMOFPS attempts to build a more serious Sci-Fi environement. Also has a tie-in with the TV series of the same name.The story and settings are good. The earth is terraformed after an alien incident, and humans and aliens must learn to co-exist in this new earth. Of course, greed and power lust sets in and the world becomes a ""wild west style"" jungle where everyone must fight to survive.Having just started it after playing Star Wars: Old Republic, I was disapointed by the lack of classes and races to truly set apart different players. You want to be a healer? Just equip a healing gun. At launch, you could only play as a human or Irathian (Which has no effect other than esthaetics), then they added Casthitians (which you purchase as a DLC).They introduced strong mechanics such as no-instanced PvP where battles are fought on the same map as everyone else, only in another ""phase"".Also Arkfall events where everyone in the vicinity converge to defeat a strong enemy.In short, the lack of character uniqueness, lack of involved character missions and different classes/races really did hurt the replay value of the game. There is NO incentive to replay the original campaing with a new character. No choices will bring anout a different story and the game style will be pretty much the same. All of this is visible in the server population decline. Nobody has to keep playing because they completed the story. There is nothing else to do so they moved on from the game. It was good, I had fun, but I moved on also."
,Recommended,224600,7567787,"Posted: 4 November, 2013",all,CyPRESS,Онлайновая MMO RPG в немного необычной оболочке.
,Recommended,224600,2264705,"Posted: 5 April, 2013",all,Conrad Zero,"Yeah, it's all that. Finally a good combination of MMO and FPS with NO MONTHLY FEE. A huge playing field to start with, and game content/characters/plot that tie into the SyFy Series which starts on Apr 15. Can't wait to see how these things tie together,but for now  I'm having a blast just playing the game."
76561198091174828,Recommended,224600,9133786,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,SpecTuna,"Though it has recieved many malignant reviews. I happened to really enjoy it, and I recommend you play it with your friends or family members."
,Recommended,224600,2161177,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,Boozehound,If Borderlands and Rift had a baby it would be this game. The tv show is pretty dull but the only time I saw it I was doped up on morphine in the hospital so I can't really say. It's fun god dammit. That's all I'm trying to say.
,Recommended,224600,4004301,"Posted: 26 May, 2013",all,Weadyen,"Nice Game, Its Fun"
76561198080167721,Recommended,224600,8828961,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Wraiths_BadBanta,for shure a 3rd person borderlands. fun story and great gameplay. cant wait to see where this leads.
76561198092037684,Recommended,224600,8830586,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Deadman51829,its a fun nice sandbox shooter like any other MMORPG just with guns 2 races that you dont have to pay for one more that you do i wouldnt buy it not worth it but talking is hard due to the no bubbles above the head or a chat box that says on th screen but you have to open it and nobody is going to open it and wait for someone to say something so in the time i have played there are random party invites and not much talking but if you do get a party it helps and is more fn having someone with you so i think if you gte this game have a friend get it with you so you can play together
,Recommended,224600,8984055,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Reaper,life on the new frontier... :)
76561198028382899,Not Recommended,224600,8984300,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,TheOldWolf,"Trying to be open minded, I gave Defiance a decent try and would honestly not recommend it to anyone.  Save your money."
,Recommended,224600,8988613,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,illmeetyouthere,"Great game, played on both the 360 and the PC. PC pop is abit low from what I can see but could just be because im so early in the game but graphics are great and runs really well."
,Recommended,224600,642508,"Posted: 2 April, 2013",all,Narnach,"Interesting mix of shooter and MMORPG. The quest/event/loot structure is definitely MMO inspired, but combat uses headshots and such for critical hits. Weapons can be customized and lots of perks can be unlocked to enhance your character."
,Recommended,224600,6097082,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,NeverKnowsBest,"Even though the whole idea is a weird mush-up of an MMO, Borderlands and chaotic and overall worthless 60 player+ spamfests (Arkfalls), its an OK game. Also- mute the voice acting. It's horrible."
,Not Recommended,224600,9108297,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Gort The Mighty,"I bought this game for 5 dollars. I had heard so many amazing things about it, and the fact that things in the game actually affected things in a tied in TV show seemed amazing. Don't get me wrong the game is your basic rpg shooter, but account recoverey is such a pain, jumping through hoop after hoop after hoop instead of the regular e-mail to change your password. Besides that, when you get halfway through one of the almost nightly patches, you get your download throttled for you. Isn't that sweet? Now I can play other games instead of wasting my time with this one."
,Recommended,224600,8436930,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,coreylad,Very good game with so much to do deffo worth the price
76561198046077194,Recommended,224600,8438223,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Kibble,"The game istelf is not bad. I find it quite fun, really fun when you have friends to play it with. I looked into the game around its launch but never pre-ordered. From what im sure of the game had a rushed launch, buggy and was not ready for launch. Made people really strive away from the game. I picked it up last week and its very fun. The DLC is not bad either. Now is the time i would pick the game up. Around 1000 people daily play the game so its not to dead but from time to time at the arkfalls people will show up all over the place."
,Recommended,224600,8886578,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,ElementRed,"Great game, fun community, tons of lore and story driven missions. A plus that it goes with the TV Show. Smooth gameplay, and great servers keep from being to laggy."
76561198027281017,Not Recommended,224600,8884653,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,bonnie_irislass,"They suck. Don't play this game. DLCs are more like ""updates"". This game is dying."
,Not Recommended,224600,8890511,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,TheTots,Totally poops. Bland world with 2 to 3 types of missions you will just repeat until you hit the end game that doesn't exist.100% avoid.
76561198065357082,Recommended,224600,8837502,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Silent_Simon,"Don't let a bogus score and ♥♥♥♥♥y people lead you wrong, this game is worth the buy. Especially since its $5 during ever big sale of the year!"
,Recommended,224600,8839378,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,Ha Whore,"Really fun game. i enjoy it verry much, only problem is that when i play a massive multiplayer game i would like to play with other players. nobody really talks to you in the game its kinda ittitating."
,Recommended,224600,9139140,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Sykie,"- IF YOU ARE ON THE FENCE ABOUT BUYING THIS GAME, STOP HERE! -Now let me ask you a few questions...Is the print on your TAB, 1, 2, 3 and 4 keys worn off from mashing them endlessly?Are you sick of the recycled 'kill x of these' 'collect x of those' 'talk to that guy' quests?Are the generic fantasy landscapes and creatures becoming dull and boring to you?Do you spend well over half of your MMO gameplay standing still, waiting in queues?Do you find yourself feeling guilty over the $15 that's ripped out of your bank account every month, hesitant to end the subscription because you may play again or still play on occasion?Is your MMO experience beginning to feel like a chore, feeling obligated to log in and do the same handful of daily quests every day to progress?Do you feel handicapped in PvP because you don't have the time to devote to a game to have the best gear like everyone else?Do you long for a sci-fi MMOFPS that doesn't totally suck?Do the words 'Borderlands MMO' excite you?If you answered 'no' to all of these questions, move along. Go back to WoW or FFXIV or Generic Fantasy Online.If you answered 'yes' to 3 or more of these questions, Defiance is for you.(Incoming wall of text; TL;DR at end)Now, I know there are a LOT of mixed reviews on this game; I was hesitant to buy it myself. However, after 20 hours of playing, I'm inclined to believe that those negative reviewers are the type that actually LIKE the boring grinds, the generic daily quests, the stale tab-targetting system, and the run-of-the-mill fantasy landscapes. As for me, I've grown weary of all of that long ago. I'm a sci-fi nerd at heart, and LONG have I dreamed of a good, solid sci-fi MMOFPS. I played in the Huxley beta, and it held so much promise but its cancellation smashed my dreams to pieces. Now, years after Huxley's cancellation, I can safely say that I've found a scifi MMOFPS that I love.The combat system is fluid and responsive; I haven't felt bogged-down or limited by the controls or interface (except for accidentally hitting CTRL to try to crouch out of habit, been meaning to remap that...)The 'quests' are almost completely limited to experiencing storyline; the real experience-generators are dynamic map-wide events with a localized objective, which anyone in the area can join in on. These 'emergencies' aren't hard to miss, either; I commonly find myself deliberately skipping them just so I can finally make it to my original destination.It's nearly impossible to play this game 'solo', but you don't feel forced into group play. The game focuses strongly on area-based events, which attract the attention of all surrounding players. What may start out as you killing a few mobs around an incursion site may (and almost always will) snowball into a half-hour long territory domination war with 50+ other players.If you like playing solo, don't worry! You're not thrown into a group with these people, and you don't have to talk to them. Just stay in the area and do your job, and you will receive proper reward.Now, onto the gear system. Personally, I've grown tired of the complicated gear structures of MMOs. The wide diversity of stats and gear slots and enchantments and bonuses; frankly it became tedious for me to keep track of. While FFXIV was (and is) a great game, managing all the gear pieces for all my jobs was a chore.In Defiance, you have 6 equipment slots to look after;Weapons (2): You carry 2 weapons at all times, and hitting Q switches between them. This opens you up to many possibilities; want to stay strictly close-range? Rock a shotgun and a grenade launcher! Prefer to stay at a distance? Use a sniper rifle and keep a machine gun for when things get too close!Shield: Pretty self-explanatory; a shield that absorbs a certain amount of damage, and recharges after a period of not taking damage. The choices here are relatively diverse, the variables being shield capacity, recharge/second, and recharge delay. There are also some additional effects; more on that in a sec.Grenades: Think grenade mods from Borderlands 2; grenade mods apply a variety of effects to your grenades, from the standard explosion, to a hail of napalm, to a splash of movement-slowing sludge, to a dazing flashband effect. Hell, I'm using a mod now that causes 4 or 5 face-crawlers to appear and eat the faces off my enemies.Spikes: These act as pylons that grant an effect to all players in its vicinity, be it shield/health regeneration, damage boost, or ammo regen. I can't tell you how many times the Protection Spike has saved my♥♥♥♥♥Stims: Your 'potions'; the standard med stim to restore health, damage-boosting stims, and even a melee-damage-boosting stim.Weapon Mods: All weapons come with 4 'mod slots', consisting of a barrel, sight, magazine, and stock. These apply slight bonuses to the gun you install them on, giving you a bit of customization with your weapons.Once you get past the starter zone, you'll start to find items with 'synergy bonuses' which apply additional effects based on how many items you have equipped with that synergy (think set bonuses here). In most cases, you don't have to grind for that ONE piece of gear in the set that you want, as the set bonus is a random variable on all weapons. Now finding that specific type of gun with the set bonus you want on it, that gets a bit tricky.Player Progression: Since you don't really have to constantly grind after the next best set of gear, you're probably asking how one progresses in this game. The answer is Defiance's EGO system. Your EGO is basically your 'level', which caps out at 5012 (or 5016?), and is advanceable not only through killing stuff and doing events, but also through raising your skill levels with weapons and vehicles. You earn EGO Units as your EGO level raises, when are spent on perks in the EGO grid. This is a skill-tree (more like a skill-map) of perks that you advance through based on the path you take through the grid, beginning at one of four primary abilities. These perks consist of a cloaking device, a short sprint effect with a melee damage boost, a holographic decoy which you can instantly switch places with, and a temporary damage boost. Once you choose your skill, you unlock all the cells that are touching that 2x2 cell (effectively unlocking 8 new perks to choose from). When you choose a perk and unlock it, you then unlock each of the adjacent perks, moving further and further into the rest of the grid. Most perks in the area around an ability compliment that specific ability, but there are some perks that do not augment their respective ability, opening you up to some interesting perk combinations down the line.Now, onto another critical factor in any MMO; travel. This has always been a make-or-break for me, as I hate running for extended times, or riding on a taxi-system and waiting to arrive.The 'mounts' in this game are vehicles (one of which you are given right off the bat), divided by 3 categories; runners (ATVs), rollers (dunebuggies and cars), and Cerberus (which I assume to be larger, slower vehicles, such as trucks; however I don't own one). And though they serve the primary purpose of transportation, they are FUN AS HELL, effectively adding a racing/driving aspect to the game. You can boost, powerslide, run over enemies, and go off jumps (in fact, you gain skill levels and EGO for all of this as well!). The driving mechanics in this game are VERY fluid and enjoyable.If that weren't enough, there are even RACING MINIGAMES which reward you EGO and cash. Each one even has a leaderboard of top scores.If you somehow get tired of driving, you could also just warp between evenly-spaced hubs, which include merchants and quests. Warping is free, instant, and has no cooldown.It seems I've run out of room for this review.TL;DR: Scrounge up $10 and buy this game! (Or try the trial.) You won't regret it!"
,Recommended,224600,13172197,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,acrossthesnow,"So much fun! It's like WOW mixed with COD. If you ever played Tabula Rasa it's a little like that, and there is always something to do even after you finish the main missions! Its free now so why??The correlations between the show and the game are amazing, and really make it fun to follow the progression of the missions!"
76561198071715094,Not Recommended,224600,13128738,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Alakiad,"Ok. So I payed like 20$ for the game, then it goes F2P... Are there any bonuses for those who payed to play the game? Or are we treated like ' F2P users ' only being able to get certain vehicles, or do certain missions? What about this ' defiance store ' ? Is this pay to win now too?"
76561198077100771,Recommended,224600,6845412,"Posted: 5 June, 2013",all,Deathloche,watch the show. play the game.
76561198126191005,Recommended,224600,13340743,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,jollyjuggler23,it is the best game i have ever played
76561198079365552,Not Recommended,224600,13751735,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,just a haitian,"This game is not very good. The thing is,  it's not even trying to be good. I've bought it because of my friend who convinced me even if I told him it doesn't look like a game we would enjoy playing together. I was right, We ditched the game after a week or so.Stay away from that MMORPG, I've heard it was a free-to-play now ? I've pauid 60 bucks for it. Such a ripoff !3/10"
,Recommended,224600,252579,"Posted: 3 April, 2013",all,Spoony [UK],"Great MMo FTP..like a crossworld of borderlands, halo ect"
,Recommended,224600,14472774,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,AaronTehSpy,"If Borderlands and WoW had a semi ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ child who tried hard, it would be this game.Still fun, but expect a slower progression."
,Not Recommended,224600,4472976,"Posted: 20 April, 2013",all,[HoD]Smiley,"UPDATE:  Well, of course it is time for an update.  While I really enjoyed the Beta and the early Live release, the game does actually become fairly stale.  It is still beautifully rendered, especially for a completely open world environment; but the t.v. series is lackluster and that, unfortunately, carries into the game's primary story line.  If you want to avoid story altogether, that is an option.  Be prepared, however, to simply face side quest after side-quest that you come upon... save these people from bandits/bugs; kill these bandits/bugs at a roadblock; face off against random group; arkfall; repeat...It had a lot going for it in the beginning, but just didn't put enough emphasis on replayability.  And Trion is a crappy company, so there is that too...ORIGINAL REVIEW:Very well optimized with a huge variety of weaponry.  PvP might need more work to balance out, but the single and multiplayer PvE battles are fun."
,Recommended,224600,4957069,"Posted: 9 April, 2013",all,Princess Satan,This is game a defenent awesome game. Theres action good graphics pve pvp co op nice customization. Vehicles. Tons of weapons. Very nice looking cutscenes. If your on the tip of deciding to get it or not id say defently get it as it is amazing.
,Recommended,224600,323651,"Posted: 7 April, 2013",all,Goldie,"Great game,  MMO with a nice difference."
,Recommended,224600,13830334,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,cwillis1964,"Defiance is good overall. The gameplay is fairly intuitve for anyone who has played a FPS or MMO. Players do not ""die"" in this game, so there is no risk of graverobbing like some games. PvP is bv invitation only, or in special PvP maps / arenas. The world is fairly large, and quite detailed. There is no shortage of things to do at first, but as a player finishes the main missions and side mission then it becomes like a game of solitare. A lot of the same thing. Despite the tedium of doing the same things over and over to get exp, it's still entertaining. It's something to do, and occaisonally something amazing happens, like one-shotting a boss or lieutenat that used to take one used to have difficulty taking down. A major con to this game is that despite being around for 2 years or so it's still quite buggy. I will say a lot of glitches have been solved but some remain. The game does not crash as often as it did, that was usually due to overloading of the server. The main gripe I have at this time is the variable difficulty system. The game will turn up the difficulty based on the combined level of players near by. Me at EGO level 1000 is happily rampaging on a mob with threat level 4, and then some random player drives by at EGO 5000 and then the threat level goes to 10 (the max) and all enemies that spawn during that time will be extremely hard to beat by me. They need to make it so that when the level 5000 player leaves the area that the currently spawned enemies automatically derease in difficutly.It lacks good documentation, but there are quite a lot of forums and wiki's out there to fill that need, and many of the clan's are happy to take newbies under thier wing and teach them the intracacies of the game. Overall I like the game,  Have been playing almost since the beginning."
76561198041012229,Recommended,224600,14516535,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Kecoey,"Definitely worth trying. It is not the best MMO out there, but it is one of the best MMO shooters. Guns are very unique and varied, and the gameplay is pretty fun. I defintely reccommend trying it out."
,Recommended,224600,1599761,"Posted: 8 April, 2013",all,TheHateMale,Pretty good 3rd person MMo shooter. Auto-partying with random people while it's convenient is nice.
,Not Recommended,224600,14456531,"Posted: 13 February, 2015",all,VetaWulf,"The first few minutes of the game are great, but once you get a few hours in the enemies become bullet sponges to the point that it saps all enjoyment."
,Recommended,224600,15992096,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,cyberbotb,"i liked the tv series, this game is alright, but gets very repetative. i might play it again when the tv series starts again.  i like feeling a part of tv series,  its like im traveling to a time in the future of earth."
76561198060326016,Recommended,224600,15992638,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Gunpla!,"To be honest, I liked it.If it were more populated and the community wasn't a bunch of zombies I'd play more!The gameplay is a blast, gunplay works fantastically, environment is pretty and interesting.I'd give this 8.5/10"
,Not Recommended,224600,6707549,"Posted: 7 April, 2013",all,sonnikdoh,"I bought it new, enjoyed it, now f2p, and pay2win, ought to be ashamed.....smh"
,Not Recommended,224600,16164101,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,(:Hell Spawn:),Boring and dull.
76561198044258651,Not Recommended,224600,16537037,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Wylphen,Fun initially but nothing left worth doing after the main campaign is done.
76561198021122753,Recommended,224600,16546533,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Valdaya,"Lots of fun, good community"
76561198078384627,Not Recommended,224600,16274847,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Scottsvillian0315,"i bought this shortly after release because i love the show. stopped playing after maybe 40 hours or so because of the bugs and repetitive missions. but now that its free to play its worth a try. it can be fun to join lots of other players during and ark drop and use an lmg. the idea was cool, to mix the tv show and game but its missing something..."
,Recommended,224600,3470738,"Posted: 28 May, 2013",all,milk,I have no idea but this game has stolen my life. It's ♥♥♥♥ing awful but amazing at the same time how the hell someone call the Winchesters we have a ♥♥♥♥ing demon on our hands
,Recommended,224600,12112370,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,cannabidan,"Major lag issues on the servers but other than that it is totaly enjoyable, always something to do and in many variations to make sure the pve, co-op and pvp players are satisfied.Worth having."
,Recommended,224600,15365713,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Ictoan,"this is the Scorpion King g of MMOs. Or Expendebles. Or RED. 2Fast2Furious.  Whatever.Newbies ask ""What do I do?""Answer ""Run around and shoot things"">""How do I progress?""""Run around and shoot things"">What do I do next?""Run around and shoot things""Basically, if there is a question in Defiance, the answer is 'Run Around And Shoot Things""At high levels, DLC is more important. But at anything less than top levels you can still get epic weapons and kill stuff epicly.Oh, one thing. Orange Grenades (needed for the final part of 1 pursuit to get cool outfit) seem to be very thin on the ground.  But join a clan and make friends and borrow one and you'll be fine.I want one.What can I say.Log in.Shoot things.:-)"
,Recommended,224600,3669175,"Posted: 25 May, 2013",all,Altitude_Seven,"This game is a cross breed of Fallout, Gears of war(with no cover system) and borderlands, (with bullet spounge enemies) The AI tends to be Pants on Head smart, and will line up to die, literately... Making the marksmen class the easist if your good wit snipers.This game is fun however could use some work..."
76561198005798073,Recommended,224600,2328553,"Posted: 16 April, 2013",all,LeoArcticaa,I was sceptical about thsi but this is a very fun game.Check it out on youtube and see for yourself.Its also free to play ^^
76561198038375619,Recommended,224600,16008524,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Varcyon,I love this game and the show. I enjoy entering the world of Defiance and doing stuff. its not a major MMO like WoW or anything and never claimed to be. It has dlc just like other games. its nothing new. making it F2P lets people check it out and get into to before making some purchases. YOU DONT HAVE TO BUY ANYTHING. unless you want the weapons from DLC just like not excess expansion content without the expansion.
76561197985508931,Recommended,224600,1057015,"Posted: 25 May, 2013",all,Typhoid,Half♥♥♥♥♥attempt of a game =(
76561198006807384,Not Recommended,224600,15892842,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,FatZomby,"I liked a lot of aspects to the game, but with little options to storyline, it wasn't to my preference.+to the vehicles and the way the game feels.+to a somewhat interesting story-feels like you are playing alone in a world of people....  Like the kid in a sandbox with all his friends on the swingset instead."
,Recommended,224600,1018247,"Posted: 16 April, 2013",all,Whitby,"dont listen to reviews, best fun ive had in a while!"
,Recommended,224600,13918865,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,StanleyPain,"Originally, I had a very negative review of this game posted up here.  I was a founder of Defiance...started playing it when it very first came out, and played it all the way up until the free-to-play conversion in 2014.  I felt the game had flaws, but by and large it was entertaining and fun and I played a ton of it (my steam time is just the time I have spend playing it via steam client...I have many more hours logged in the non-steam and Xbox 360 versions).  The free-to-play conversion was, to put it very simply, a disaster.  Very fundimental, core things about the game (that would take WAY too long to explain to someone who hasn't played the game yet) were drastically changed and altered to support the new format (much heavier monetization, for example).  The biggest problem was the inclusion of a new scaling system which dynamically alters the dificulty of open world content depending on the number of players present and their respective levels.  This system worked very well originally, but was changed significantly when free-to-play started and, to make a long story short, it ruined the game for a lot of people.  I quit playing, as did a lot of other people, and figured that was pretty much the end of Defiance.    I decided to give the game another chance about 9 months later when my former clan leader was basically  begging people to come back and give it a chance and, having played it now for awhile, I have to be honest and change my negative review to a thumbs up and admit that Trion, despite some of the stupid crap they do, did indeed fix many of the crucial problems with the game from the F2P conversion.  The scaling system, while not perfect, has been greatly improved.   The monetization system (the arkforge currency needed to keep your weapons functioning at your level) has been balanced out to where the daily income you get for arkforge is plenty to keep most of your weapons up to date.  The game still has some major issues (the biggest being the limitations on how you earn some of the end-game currency), but all in all I have to admit, it is largely back to being the game it was before the F2P conversion, and the added in content is nice as well.If you are thinking of trying this game out, I will pre-warn you however, as an old-school player....the DLC is, by and large, garbage.  The only DLC that has any significant effect on the game is Arkbreaker which allows you to participate in open world events that you cannot otherwise participate in.  The other DLC packs add very little to the game other than new vendors who run off of specific faction currency, and that's about it.  Gunslinger Trials promised a continuation of the main storyline, but that was, frankly, a bald-faced lie.  The ACTUAL continuation of the game's main single-player content has been added to the game for free (the Silicon Valley update) and does not require DLC.   The brand new (as of me writing this) additions to the game, Alcatraz Island and the new added in perks system are also in the game free of charge.  So, apart from Arkbreaker, don't bother with the DLC."
,Not Recommended,224600,15736874,"Posted: 8 May, 2015",all,Captain Crocket,"“Defiance is goddamned fun. It streamlines and refines the blast-and-loot ideals of Borderlands and Diablo into a slick package.”Polygon“… hectic, pulse-pounding, explosive, and fun.”MMORPG""A game with a scrappy attitude and a tight handle on what a massively multiplayer world needs to keep you coming back.”ALL of tthis was true... for all of 2-3 months then content started coming out adding nothing new to the game, no new enemies, no new weapons just reskins promoted as new, Absolutely nothing for PVP... Bugs are constant.. honestly i want to love this game but it's terrible and it's a bloody shame cos if the company would actually listen instead of deleting ppls criticisms and suggestions of facebook the game would improve so much"
,Recommended,224600,10495268,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,}T.V.F{ TheNetherAngel,"Flat out i love this game, its like borderlands slept with the corpse of talba rasa and had defiance.Lots of guns and speicals with no class locking.the story of this game keeps evolveing a long side the TV series. the gameplay may seem a bit run of the mill but before other games like this game out this was the closeist i could get to Tabla Rasa and i loved that about defiance. the DLCS are worth it adding new weapons synergy mechanics and deeper customisation asthetily and loadout wise.Some items are lockbox only (like a charge blade if you lack the DLC)  whitch for new players will suck because you wont have enough key codes to access elite loxboxes for scrip and codes.  but with that being said if you sink any money in to defiance (other then for DLC) all you really need is key code capaciy upgrade."
,Recommended,224600,16696365,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Xhanatar,"Its a game for who wants a relaxed FPS to play with friends, not over the top but good for casual players."
,Recommended,224600,18451684,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Mortadablo,Fun game good incite on the show.
,Not Recommended,224600,18370326,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,inosk0pedjfk,"3rd person Borderlands. Pay-to-win at it's core. There's absolutely no community or player interaction apart from rift events. It's a shame, really. It used to be good!"
,Recommended,224600,18370462,"Posted: 7 October, 2015",all,Draconusx,"There are aspects of this game that are fun, especially if you are a fan of the show.  But all the encounters began to feel heavily repetitive, so if you don't mind that then you're in for a good time."
,Not Recommended,224600,18176834,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,NieR,DONT MAKE GAMES THAT YOU HAVE TO BY FREE IN A FEW MONTHS I WANT MY 19.99 BACK!!!!
,Recommended,224600,10374737,"Posted: 6 June, 2014",all,Kaiser Dragon,Not bad no level ranges good casual on the play shooter.
76561198057336764,Recommended,224600,12426032,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,BomberMAN,"my favorite besides skyrim, lol!"
76561198040123864,Recommended,224600,7899292,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Elais,ist a 3rd person shooter gone mmo with balance issues
,Recommended,224600,3518058,"Posted: 28 May, 2013",all,Jamessuperfun,"The reviews say it's crap.I disagree. The game is a nice MMO / Third-Person Borderlands 2 mix up. The game isn't nearly as buggy as I was personally lead to believe and has overall a smooth and fun experience.Players will take time to do things like revive you, but very few participate in the whole 'chat' deal. Hope to find someone to play with who isn't an anti- social freak :P"
76561197963262347,Recommended,224600,8055618,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,rkrause4,Good competitive/ co op play. Love the show and the game. FPS fun with exotic weapons and vehicles
,Recommended,224600,8058181,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Eugene Grimm,"defiance, a great game on xbox/play station but even better on pc, battling other players, giant bugs ripped off the screens from Starship Troopers, cybords, aliens.leveling up like every online game but you can play with your friends and have a good laugh killing them or every other person or thing waiting for you to rip the shtako out of them, deffinatly recomend it"
76561198079568988,Recommended,224600,8140889,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Sterling,One of the best games I have played it is well worth the money
,Recommended,224600,594632,"Posted: 23 March, 2013",all,Vaelkyrie,Been playing the beta and having a blast. Beta is on until like Sunday.
76561198094027173,Recommended,224600,8154469,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,jeremydivine,"Good fun shooter,not along story mode but is still fun to keep shooting stuff and trying to find better guns :)"
,Recommended,224600,8030967,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,[BangBros] Philter,T.V Show and game are both really great. Completely worth your pocket!
76561197965966219,Recommended,224600,229213,"Posted: 2 April, 2013",all,Aeonik,This is what happens if Borderlands 2 and Rift had a hot sexy baby but it wasnt right in the head.
76561197997263467,Recommended,224600,8031372,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Rorschach,many many many many hours of gameplay...
,Recommended,224600,8032096,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Chaulsin[NLD],Fun game and you definitely get your money's worth when you buy it on discount.
,Recommended,224600,8035838,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,TheLegend27,Fun but starts to get repettitive
76561197988718697,Recommended,224600,8068525,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Kebabrullen,Riktigt kul :_D
76561198071705579,Not Recommended,224600,8070048,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,Fafinier,"There's no feeling of power in the shooting, gets old fast."
,Recommended,224600,4343677,"Posted: 19 April, 2013",all,Sicarius Diem,Its like Borderlands the MMO that effects a GREAT show on SyFy channel ;)
76561198060029528,Recommended,224600,8049766,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,AllDaCptCrunch,love this game if you liked planside youl love this its like it just better its an mmo but with your own storyline like warcraft just better grapics more fun and guns
76561198050377327,Recommended,224600,8050739,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Haven,one of my favs
76561198024294745,Recommended,224600,8037214,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,CJKillinTime,awesome
,Recommended,224600,8041519,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,EM8,this game is fun as hell i can play for days in row.start over my character and neverget board its a really replayable game and because of the random events it never feels like a reapeat of yesterday
,Recommended,224600,8015350,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,GiFriday,"I bought this game along with a friend a while ago in a sale, and whilst he does not play it anymore, I am thoroughly enjoying. When I first bought the game, I had about an hour or two game time and left it for weeks. But then a little while ago, I started playing it and its a lot of fun. £7 is the standard price now and that is brilliant for this game. The game can feel very 'empty' at times though. As I feel the map is a touch too big with not much going on. The inventory system really isnt very nice but of course, it was made with consoles in mind. If Trion decided to maybe fix the emptiness and maybe add some nice, decent textures, instead of bringing out DLC, then i'll be happy. Like I said, even for £7 this game is a whole lot of fun. Highly recommend."
76561198010277221,Not Recommended,224600,8107870,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,FartherDrake,"great for the frist part of the game, but then it dies."
,Recommended,224600,8086588,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,TheSupernaturalMuffin,"If you like borderlands then this is alot like that,while less funny this game will still give you laugh during the cutscences.if you can get it on sale for 5 bucks then its a steal.for 10 its just a good deal."
,Recommended,224600,868494,"Posted: 8 April, 2013",all,huffadopolis,"Defiance is made by Trion, the same people that did the Rift MMO.  It is a first person shooter mmo-light.  You gain exp and levels and loot but the loot doesn't scale like a regular  mmo.  Your basic level 1 weapon is the same base stats as a level 1000 weapon, it's just that the level 1000 weapon has more chances to have weapon modification slots.  There are ""arkfalls"" that randomly happen and everybody/anybody can participate for rewards at the end.If you like FPS games, if you like driving a car instead of a mount, if you like crazy guns like borderlands 2 (but not QUITE as crazy, for balance) and you don't mind at least temporarily hopefully dealing with a ""console UI"" on the PC then this game will be a TON OF FUN.Don't buy this if you hate FPS games or other players."
76561198101567223,Recommended,224600,7272336,"Posted: 20 August, 2013",all,Owlgray,"это игра состоит на сюжете и свободном мире. тут нет класов, путь выбераети вы. сама игра хадкорная и предеца покарпеть но всегда можно позвать друзей ведь это игра многопользовская. можно хорошо погонять на тачках как тут основное передвижение это машины. мир весь разрушен ядерной войной против людей и прешельцев но через 5 лет они живут душа в душу и отныни воюят вместе. купив тока обокновеною версию вы несможете приобрести продожении этой замечательной игры. сюжет тут прекрасен но есть загвостка персонаж все время молчит. это бета версия игры и надеюсь разрабочики придумают чтонибудь с этом поделать. я много наговорил, прятной игры..."
76561198040843627,Recommended,224600,8381882,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Ollow,Pretty good shooter MMO for the price tag and no monthly fee. Few glitches but the story line is fun to play through and the co-op play is not bad. The pvp may need some work with the size of the maps and the skill level scaling.
,Recommended,224600,8382108,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Flash,Great game and TV show.
,Recommended,224600,8384044,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,ShadedHunter,"It's a great MMO shooter, I love the game and it's show counter part. It takes a bit to get used to, but if you play for more then about 3 hours it does get better and really worthwhile. Having others to play with alongside you is also a great bonus to the game.  I would highly recommend this game"
,Recommended,224600,5717807,"Posted: 27 July, 2013",all,Rangwe,really good really fun game great for playing with friends
,Recommended,224600,8492377,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Apex Cataclysm,"Fun FPS MMO, Similar to the Fallout series."
76561197967059965,Recommended,224600,264907,"Posted: 11 June, 2013",all,Black Metallic,"More fun than you'd think!  Great for casual, shoot em up fun.  The best part is once you've bought the game there is no more fees.  It isn't pay to win, as NOTHING you can buy effects combat at all."
76561198046261390,Recommended,224600,5196921,"Posted: 5 June, 2013",all,Gloominous,"I love this game because it has aspects of so many great games and tries something new at the same time but it really depends on what youre looking to get out of it.-Pros-                                                                 ||                            -Cons-Some of the best combat for an mmo.       ||           Pretty inaccurate for a shooter.Seeing your TV show friends in game.       ||         Could tie in with the show a bit more.-What it feels like-Mass Effect + Borderlands + MMO = GameplayFirefly + Dark Angel/Farscape = TV showThe worst thing I can, legitimately, say is that there just isnt enough content yet ;)"
76561197970934684,Recommended,224600,8546188,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Aetrion,If you're looking for something you can play casually online this is a pretty solid game to do so. If you're looking for a game that really captures the feel of the show on the other hand this falls short. At 10 bucks this is definitely worth a weekend of fun.
,Not Recommended,224600,8547457,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Zlinko,Kind of bland and boring... controls are hard and just doesnt seem complling as other MMOs do.
76561198084086916,Recommended,224600,8547671,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,marcymark11,"Love the game but the chat box needs to be more efficient. It would be much nicer if you didn't have to open a chat window. Push enter, type ur messege, and enter.  simple. Openning the chat window every time to send a messege is combersum and interferes with game play.ty for a rad game. :)"
,Recommended,224600,8573634,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,RetroMachine,"IF YOU LIKE THE DEMO AND ITS ON SALE, GET IT !Defiance is like borderlands but with more than 4 players, and less quality. Good enough for 5 bucks. 10....maybe... Just don't expect it to be much different from the demo."
,Recommended,224600,8576000,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Doc Corb [RCL],"A rocky start pushed me away from what has apparently developed into a somewhat flawed, but wonderful little game ala borderlands. Third person borderlands, that is. I reccomend it if you wan tto roam around and kill♥♥♥♥♥♥without worrying as much as other MMOs about your level. It's satisfying to play for an hour or so at a time just driving around into  flashpoints, powersliding into a few hellbugs, and kicking♥♥♥♥♥ It aint perfect, but it is fun."
,Not Recommended,224600,8556053,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,The_Laughing_Tech,"This is one of those games I feel that was made for the hype of those show, and to collect as much money as they could as fast as they could. A third person shooter MMORPG is a good idea but it wasn't executed well in this game. It feels to easy, clunky, and buggy if you don't believe me check out some reviews on youtube."
,Not Recommended,224600,15213311,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Bairc,"Bought the game, then it went f2p, then they want me to pay for some stupid dlc for more content? F*** that."
,Not Recommended,224600,8318138,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Mingwaaa,"Its a good game to pass the time, but after a while it got stale, there doesnt seem to be enough content flow to keep you wanting to go back and play."
76561198019196676,Recommended,224600,8321640,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Spunion,good
,Recommended,224600,8311347,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Mav,"Really fun game, lots of ways to level up, lots of enemys, and over k ways to customize your weapon any way you want it to be! Also, I might add, ITS REALLY REALLY REALLY FUN!"
76561198057261563,Recommended,224600,6015046,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,GorillaAids,"it's got lots of Alien I assume female breasts. If you like screaming ""When are we gonna bang?!"" at your TV during cutscenes with female protagonists this game is for you."
,Recommended,224600,8308747,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,..,"i like it, can't wait to play more."
76561198068800401,Recommended,224600,10003704,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,Iggypu,"Fun, but not much variety that you'd expect in an MMO.  Shoot at this location, shoot at that location.  Synergy with the television show is neat."
,Recommended,224600,5183646,"Posted: 12 August, 2013",all,Lgnxhll98,cool mmo shooter.
,Recommended,224600,9057288,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Vman1194,"As far as MMO games go i love this. I'm usually not a fan because of the point and click style and such. This game brings a new level to an MMO system. Theres more real time action, you can snipe somebody instead of walking slowly towards them and attacking. Fun to play dont get bored quickly like i usually do with MMO's. I really had given up as far as MMO's go until I tried this, worth every cent. I think it's great overall."
76561198040638662,Recommended,224600,9712066,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Rekka1212,I got it for 5 bucks and am having alot of fun with the game.  Yea if it came out at 60 bucks new ♥♥♥♥ that ISH.  but for 5 you will get alot fo hours into this game and they are worth it.
76561198069358881,Recommended,224600,13281623,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,juhasz.roland.istvan,"A fancy fps-rpg hibryd MMO.+ good graphics+ good combat system+ not so bad series adaptation and content build+ unique campaign/multi hybrid play-system+ good character customization+ good achievement list, however of course 'a bit grindy'+ you can enjoy this game as a novice too with your expert friend+ random encounters/events/raids- a bit hectic multi questing system (waiting or make team)- playing through the campaign can be very tedious sometimes, and the endfight is 'brutal hard' compared with the whole content before (i did that)- also hectic to apply my dlc code sometimes to make the change on the game- not too player friendly menu system (for example guilding)"
76561198067558232,Recommended,224600,13119399,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,JC98,"Is it a ♥♥♥♥♥ to level up, yes. Is it the same thing over and over, yes. Does it get boring after a while, probably. Do I keep play, yes. Do I hate it, yes. 10/10"
76561197971125716,Recommended,224600,13136560,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,McConnell,"Defiance is just fun.  I still haven't even seen the TV show, and frankly I don't really care to.  The game is great all by itself.The game not particularly amazing in any one way, isn't particularly inovative, and isn't super cutting edge, but every single time I log into it it's justfun.  And I've logged into the game so much at this point that that should say something.  Despite the fact that it doesn't do anything special, everything it does, it does really, really well.There is one major standout though: Multiplayer cooperation has been so well thought out that I've never once complained about having another player show up.  The mechanics and progression have been so well put togeather that when other people show up it's always a good thing and never a bad thing.  And considering the game is now free to play, that's a fairly impressive accomplishment.It's easily the most replayable shooter I've got in my library."
76561198041282479,Recommended,224600,9557637,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,Dorian Jay,The story and cutscenes really make this a great cinematic experience.
76561198020340428,Recommended,224600,13115260,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,DiakGamingYT,good game when come out but was lacking the wow factor and the bugs were just insane play now and again but nothing to keep me playing atmi do recommend the game as its one of the best shooter/mmo games out thereand there lore of the game is also well done by syfy and trion games
,Recommended,224600,13095554,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Cinn,Not really a game i would say was worth buying when it came out but now that is Free-to-Play i say go for it because it is pretty fun
76561198048347128,Recommended,224600,13157546,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Neverdie,Is this really what PETA does with their money?
76561198033233802,Recommended,224600,14059611,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,Souperdork,"Defiance has a lot of customizability and PvE fun.  Its a great game to pick up and play when you need to get rid of a lot of tension, and it has some of the best survivability in arenas and waves of baddies."
76561197973149240,Recommended,224600,617512,"Posted: 6 May, 2013",all,ZipTon,Cool game
,Recommended,224600,13992102,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Feety Pajamaz,"Use to be awesome and quite fun, rather dull and boring now. Still good for the singple player experience if you like the story / game play style of a 3rd person shooter mmo-rpg."
76561197978790489,Recommended,224600,802137,"Posted: 6 April, 2013",all,KING-iCoDaa,"Amazing mmoshooter, loads to do, pvp games are short but skilled. PvE can get intense when fighting huge arkfall beasts with 30+ other peeps. The missons are exciting and fun to do as a group or on your own, although most the time you will run into others doing the same mission and you end up working together to get it done.Customization of your toon is completely up to you, from choosing what skills you have, to what you want to wear (provided you have earnt it or bought it from the trion store). You can customise your weapons by using the extra slots on certain weapons with mods that you collect on missons or that you have bought with ingame currency.There are a few bugs but the game is brand new and they do patch quickly.AAA game in my eyes, well worth the money."
,Recommended,224600,13936769,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Art Therapy,"Pay to own, it was good. (slow compared to other MMO's as you feel just thrown in, but good)Free to play? beyond worth it, to the extent that it's sad because it should be making something outside of in game purchases."
,Recommended,224600,13937445,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Arcenist,"Very fun shooter. It was well worth the play on PC. I enjoyed myself, but I think it would have been better with a group. I do like the fact other players can help you along the way even if you are in the middle of a mission."
,Recommended,224600,6399104,"Posted: 13 August, 2013",all,DinGut♫,REALLY FUN GAME TRY IT OUT!!!! ONLY 9.99$ having alot of fun playing it!TIKRAI SMAGUS ZAIDIMAS ISBANDYKIT!!! TIK 9.99% labai smagu ji zaidziant!
,Recommended,224600,6254624,"Posted: 2 August, 2013",all,ReLwOf,"Best game I have ever played:Myself10 out of 10:MeAction packed fun with lots of guns, players,and vehicles to use throughout the game!!: Luke"
76561198019694819,Recommended,224600,14663101,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,Ris_bl00dlord,aaaaahhhhhhhh! to much dlc
76561198124027503,Recommended,224600,14710476,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Fernie,"Not had much time on this one as I would like.  I like that it is available on multiple platforms, but I find the game very glitchy. There are lags in the game that are not needed if they actually invested into it.Not happy that it is now free, when I had to purchase it. I feel riped off that I paid for the priveldge of playing and others now can play the same game for free."
,Not Recommended,224600,14877294,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,King Aria,"Game was a flop; low player population. Just avoid it. Game is repetetive, has poor voice acting, really boring quest format. It has fun combat, though. They said your contributions would affect the TV show but it did not."
76561198052781011,Recommended,224600,14909422,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,botersla,15 GBs 10/10 ~ IGN
76561198031209838,Recommended,224600,4043043,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,Dom2611,Buy this while it's cheap - it's excellent!!!
76561198088786908,Recommended,224600,7149242,"Posted: 16 August, 2013",all,Angels-Ø,pra quem curte tropas estelares....matar alieniginas....mutantes esse mmo e excelente recomendo
,Not Recommended,224600,8646230,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,ANNIHILATION PENETRATION,ТЫ ПИDР
,Recommended,224600,14749527,"Posted: 5 March, 2015",all,ClusterFlux,"A game with an amazing premise. ""Create a show on SyFy and feature cross events with a video game title."" Sounds good, right? Not quite, This game turned out to be a rather buggy cluster♥♥♥♥ come launch due to rushing the developers in order to fit the TV show's air dates. Then when the show actually starts to pick up the lackluster sets in, involvement with the TV show is/was little to none and failed to impress on the scale it was assumed.The rest of this game is little of improvement, with combat being a generic third person shooter with no cover mechanic. The supporting cast being forget-me-lots and the stand alone story never sticks, and rarely tries to connect past/present/futures of the video game cast with that of the TV show's. The only real enjoyment being the public Arkfall events.Update: The game is now F2P, making it's flaws less noticeable.RATE: +5/10. The title is at least worth a try, just to play in the post apocalyptic open world."
,Recommended,224600,14993373,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Squishy,"It's nice to play. Lot of things to shoot, vehicles to drive at fairly high speed. Pretty stable. A story that kinda holds together. Much worse games have been released."
,Recommended,224600,11447551,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,M32James,"Great game, highly recommended!"
,Recommended,224600,11449657,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,Mackie,uh
76561198045627918,Recommended,224600,8723025,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Yerczeys,"Plays a bit like Gears of War, and the items are a shadow of but an attempt toward Borderlands.  My big critique is that you don't really get to go inside any buildings.  7/10"
76561198048521045,Not Recommended,224600,9976196,"Posted: 29 April, 2014",all,Groanad,"Defiance was a good third person shooter that had excellent weapon flexibility.  Players received a vehicle (ATV) early in the quest chain for transportation.  Defiance has one of the best fast travel systems around, allowing a player to beam from anywhere on the map to any town they had visited, group member, friend, or clan member.  It was a light hearted combat game where you could knock out a few mission or get serious with sieges, pvp, or coop maps.Recently, Defiance has suffered from lag and disconnect issues over the last few months.  As more DLC was deployed, it seems rushed with little real substance and buggy operation.  A new game mechanic was released in conjunction with the Arktech Revolution DLC 5.  This involved dynamically scaling the difficulty depending on the number of players in the area.  It essentially broke the game.  Entire inventories of weapons and shield became ineffective in the majority of situations.  The flexibility that allowed different play styles was destroyed as people were forced to become one trick ponies.   Do you want to do a mission solo?  You better hope no one drives through the area to drive up its difficulty.  Do you want to help a lowbie friend or clan member?  Your presence will drive up the difficulty to the point where both of you will get repeatedly slaughtered, even if you were both the same level.  Add to that a death tax which penalizes your score and currency per death and you are playing for no mission/event reward coupled with a net loss in currency.Example 1:I encounter a road event while travelling solo.  I dismount and start sniping, killing the mobs with 1-2 head shots.  A player drives down the road and leaves the area.  The mobs have now been increased in difficulty.  The next 10 head shots fail to even move their damage bar.  I die repeatedly from their increased damage and give up, extracting at a loss.Example2:I start a daily contract event, working my way in to the objective.  A friend who is slightly lower level joins me.  15-20 super elite mobs spawn and slaughter both of us repeatedly.  Shields are ineffective because we die in 1-2 shots and too fast to hit a heal.  Cover is useless because we get rushed and swarmed.  The net result is an incomplete contract and a net currency loss.It has become increasingly frustrating to play Defiance.  I have submitted bug reports multiple times for the same bug over the course of a month.  With the multiple patches released, the bug was never fixed.  It involved the lack of score and reward generation in conflict sites. Support tickets are routinely closed and marked as ""solved"" without any resolution. In fact, our entire clan has given up on the game.  Recent patching attempts have failed and have been rolled back.  We are still waiting for a fixed game.  Players have begged for rolling back the combat system to the old one.  Some speculate that Trion made the same mistake as other software companies and incorporated a lot of the new game mechanic code into the new Arktech Revolution DLC code.  If that is the case, then the game mechanic can't be rolled back without removing the Arktech Revolution DLC.  We know this will never happen.  A lot of things our clan used to do have either become undoable or a grinding slaughterhouse of misery on the road to success.  No thank you Trion.10/1/14 UpdateAlthough the threat levels have been reasonably adjusted for the most part, there are a lot of conflict sites that are still unplayable in small groups.  The lag is about as bad as ever.  Character and npc phasing can be bad too.  Purchased items that used to be account bound are now character bound and lost to other characters on your account.  Customer support times have grown considereably and customer support has also becone unresponsive.  I would not give another penny to Trion for any of their games because of the way they handle customer complaints.  Now that Defiance is free to play. you can take your chances."
76561198077859113,Recommended,224600,6868732,"Posted: 1 August, 2013",all,missnevermore,Love this game. Have it for the Playstation 3 as well.
,Recommended,224600,12628619,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Jeff The Canadian,"This game is NOT your average TV Crossover. It's not just a clone of a mediocre game with arkhunter.jpg on the cover. This game... Is amazing.The co-op is MASSIVE. Fitting, so is the world, however, it does feel barren and grind-y sometimes. Overall a graet game though. Also, it's now F2P, so you can play with your friends without worrying about wasting money!9/10"
,Recommended,224600,11817989,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,BlueRose50,"This game is okay. Some of the quests can be a *little* boring, but it's a fun MMO. PvP is fun if you enjoy large battles with vehicles. It goes a little bit into the Borderlands style with the amount of guns in it. The amount of different enemies there are can make the game even more fun. If you like fun, cooperative, PVE and large battles for PVP, then you will enjoy this game."
,Not Recommended,224600,12058930,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Misguided03,unless your really into this genere i wouldnt recommend it. it lacks any real amount of depth.
76561197970250532,Recommended,224600,386105,"Posted: 12 June, 2013",all,Angeloc,it was awesome and exciting in the beginning with all the missions and content..But it is pretty much the same drill over and over again after you have completed the game.Not worth the money.
76561197971684881,Recommended,224600,12027777,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,caskey778,Decent free game to shoot things.
76561197988110392,Recommended,224600,12028905,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,Nikorasu Buraun,Hmm ... Ok ...
,Recommended,224600,11867355,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Jnarok,"Superb ""I wish I didn't buy this, I don't even know what I expected"" experience. Truly an underrated genera of gaming. I would recommend this  if you are looking to fill a lack of regret and disappointment in your life."
,Recommended,224600,553087,"Posted: 25 April, 2013",all,The Russian Mob,"Pretty standard third person shooter, solid gameplay and relatively bug-free, good diversion if your craving something multiplayer."
,Not Recommended,224600,11891145,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Geck,"you may as well get firefall as its free.not many weapons.not much of a link to the tv series which was the hole idea of it, things in game effect tv show and vice versa, the problem was that there set in compleatly diffrent locations so theres not much of an over lap."
76561197977277952,Recommended,224600,748267,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,[DDT]Roland,"If you watched and enjoyed the show, you should give this game a try.  You have nothing to lose but your time since it is now free to play.It is neat to see how the actions of the player interact with the storylines on the show, for example...See how Nolan came by the key he used in the first episodeHelp send the plague vaccine to Defiance via rocket!Help Nolan with his search in between Seasons 1 and 2Help the newest head of the Tarr family cement their criminal empire.My only complaint would be that you can only play as 2 of the 7 Votan races or human(no Bio-men).  Hopefully if the show and game keep on going, they will rectify this in future expansions."
,Recommended,224600,11692055,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Longtooths,The most awesome time killer ever. love it!!
76561198011542563,Not Recommended,224600,7693109,"Posted: 18 November, 2013",all,Z Man,Dont buy. The gameplay is just broken.
76561198040343276,Recommended,224600,11590638,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,HedgeSur'haai,Game is now better then befor it was free to play
,Recommended,224600,11620533,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,StokedToast,The game is really good.  It's just the loot system isn't rewarding enough to keep playing.
,Recommended,224600,11600822,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,venice (b ^_^)b,"it is ok, 5/10"
,Recommended,224600,627123,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,Davemonkey,"Surprisingly fun, if bog standard 3rd person shooter MMO. I've sunk a bit of time into it and will feel perfectly satisfied with having paid up front and then walk away to play LOTRO or Guild Wars again.Worth a look if cheap."
76561198023530735,Recommended,224600,3484121,"Posted: 27 May, 2013",all,Jay,"Starship Troopers meets Borderlands and Fallout 2 wraped up into a Guild Wars 2 style MMO, Winning combination in my books.""only good bug is a dead bug""             .. there are humans and mutants to kill too!!"
,Recommended,224600,7694838,"Posted: 18 November, 2013",all,ScoperMonkey,"Got in about 8 hours so far. Simply put, this game is great. A lot of traveling around and shooting stuff. But there is a good tutorial at the start, and you can challenge yourself pretty easily in the beginning. I'd have to say this game is like a combination of Borderlands, Mass Effect, and Halo... but most like a sci-fi borderlands with more emphasis on the social atmosphere. The social aspects of this game are nice because you don't have to hear trolls yelling in their mics all the time and in fact, people will sometimes even come help bail you out of situations in which you could possibly die in. It's a third person game, but the camera movement is very solid. Shooting aspects are very solid as well. When you die, you go back to a main spawn point/base closest to you. Oh, and btw.... the map is pretty big... combine that with some pretty darn good visuals, and you have yourself quite an awesome third person shooter. Some people say it's a bit repetative. I would agree to a very little extent. I highly reccommend this game. What more could you ask for for 10 bucks!?"
,Recommended,224600,11775510,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,StarDazzer,"The game is fun, and free can't go wrong there but it become quickly repetitive, once you're done the story and the most interesting sidequests it becomes a HUGE grind to increase your stats.  Well the open ended system is great for building how exactly you'd like to play, and I'm a huge fan of the 3rd person shooting style they use, i also like their party system.  I'm always happy to see more and more games get away from the infamouse triangle system (Tank, DPS, Heals).I'd totally recommend this for anyone who likes shooters and play to it for some time, i wouldn't recommend putting die hard amounts on time into like one would for many mmo's but it's fun till that heavy grind hits."
76561198038832513,Recommended,224600,11549082,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,☠ Orkie ☠,"I haven't played this game too much. I pre-ordered it and played via xBox, this game was well worth the money- the pay for customizations and quick, hard hitting combat made this an instant love for me. No rest in Defiance makes you fight for the freedom and immerse yourself in the post-apocalyptic world."
,Recommended,224600,11549174,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,theFIXXX,Extremely repetitive. Didn't even watch the show before trying the free-to-play version. After a few days considered it's worth paying to unlock some more stuff.Grind'fest - with one major drackback - i didn't see any progression.
76561198029136203,Recommended,224600,11686467,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Aezrel,"All in all, it's a nice game to play for a couple hours to unwind from the day to day activities.Playing for more than 2 hours straight starts to feel.....boring. But still its nice to come back, do some shooting,  riding and kicking a**."
76561198030921662,Recommended,224600,11652416,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Vapor,why are there no pubic reviews of this penaaarse?
,Recommended,224600,10916314,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,(Joe))DrDoomLordHawkServers.co,3rd person shooter really good alot to do on it can take a lot of time
76561198095217310,Recommended,224600,10853823,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,MochaPuppy1,"After re-playing this game, I have found that it is quite fun. I am frustrated that I can't find new weapons easily and most of the videos on YouTube are for console, but I love this game."
,Recommended,224600,10506942,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,B1u,THIS game gave me the chills
,Recommended,224600,11992367,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,ShartLizard,Play now. Join us. Join me.
,Recommended,224600,11995432,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,SK*Houst,"I got this game on sale for 5 bucks. At the time I didn't have the video card sufficient enough to run it. By the time I finally got it installed and running, the game went free to play. Finally able to play it, I tried it and found I enjoyed it immensely. Not too long after that started watching the show.It's a decent scifi western shooter/mmo, fairly simple to grab onto. Get mission, shoot all the tings, profit. Coop is also very nice."
76561198064097411,Recommended,224600,10718317,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Verlac,"I think it's fun, plus it's free, so you might as well get your♥♥♥♥♥up and download it."
,Recommended,224600,10725248,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Arrowbitter,Its a nice game
,Recommended,224600,12973356,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,RabidHampster,"This game could've been so much more than it was. Still, I found it entertaining for a while."
,Recommended,224600,12977259,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Strelok,"with it being f2p it's hard not to recommend it: I'll break the game down best I can by catagory.Story: This is the toughest part, it's like they took a really good story and tossed it in a blender with a crappy fan-fiction of that story. The result is a decent storyline as far as MMOs go, but it could have been so much better if they hadn't done things like insist on replacing the word &quot♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; with ""shtako"" and other such ham-fisted attempts to blend Voltan and human culture.Gameplay: This aspect of Defiance is actually pretty damn good. It basicly plays like a 3rd person RPG (think Mass Effect without the cover system) with players aiming for themselves and activating 1 of 4 abilities as the situation calls for it. The number of abilities might seem limiting, but there's plenty of passive abilites to equip to tailor your build to your play style (if memory serves you can equip 10 passives at a time).MMO Staples: there's no dungeons in the traditional sense, instead there are a multitude of community events (Arkfalls, sieges, ect.) that randomly take place on the world map. These events can be joined or left at will with no need to formally group up with anyone else. Rewards are based on earned point scores from the participants which, among other factors, are determined by damage dealt, times died, players revived, and damage healed. No matter if you're a noob or a veteran, these community events have something for everyone to do.Character Customization: The character models look pretty good, but the level to which you're able to customize them kinda falls flat; not saying you'll look like everyone else but given the limited options you'll probably be left wanting in this department.F2P vs Pay to Play: Defiance shines here for damn sure. In terms of playing the game, you won't really be compelled to the cash shop for any gameplay mechanic - related untill you get near the end game. Even then it's more a matter of saving time, not ""P2W"".Overall Defiance is worth a look,"
,Recommended,224600,11461442,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,mishra,really great game
,Recommended,224600,11465270,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Madd Moki Quin,Awwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwwsome
76561198109039735,Not Recommended,224600,11646856,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Captain_Underpants,i payed for the game and now its free to play what the hell
,Not Recommended,224600,11585063,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,reg0r,i want my money back...
76561198001143617,Recommended,224600,10582723,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,E. Hyde,Amazing game !Only MMO I ever enjoyed
,Recommended,224600,11227572,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,FlexibleRodent,"This game has a lot of content and a fun open world to explore with friends. The voice acting isn't all that great when it comes to some of the side characters, and the most notable voices you'll find are for Nolan and Irisa's in-game characters. I sincerely reccomend the game if you enjoy the show, cause the game has a good way of displaying the dark Defiance universe. The combat isn't particularly groundbreaking, but its very enjoyable. This game is a little underrated, and its definitely worth it to sit down and play it with your buddies.Verdict:8.5/10+ Fun Combat+ Interesting Open World+ Great Vehicles+ Fun Instances+ Fun Goal System- Mediocre Voice Acting- Okay Story"
76561198094934051,Recommended,224600,8418421,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,yung mondi,VERY FUN FOR THE WHOLE FAMILY TO PLAY I LIKE VERY MUCH MY DAD IS A HIGHER LEVEL THAN ME BUT ITS OK
,Recommended,224600,11013280,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Lord Inquistor Socks for Hands,The Game is fun if you're looking for a game with a setting you can easily get into. However with the Arkfalls it can get repetative and unfun.
76561198011776246,Recommended,224600,9134773,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Bloodchild,"6/10This game is just ok.Looks great and plays decent. Main story line is interesting but the missions are a bit repetative.The Arkfalls get boring after you have done a dozen or so, and the new content that gets released for this game is so so slow, and for the wait, not worth it. After the main story line is over you will be at a loss for entertainment. The instances and pvp are not enough to keep you interested. They allow you to 'restart' the main mission from the beginning when you are done (as this is the only play mode that will keep you going) Surely that is an indicator that they should release more in-depth content, and just not flick a reset main story switch, very poor effort from the developers.For $30 i would almost recommend this, maybe. I paid $69, definately did not get my $ worth.EDIT - Now this is Free to Play id definately give this game a go. Its more pay-to-win, but if your happy with just exploring the main storyline content and enjoy a good 3rd person shooter, Definace is right up there."
,Recommended,224600,11185030,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Vandren,"owned this game since it first came out, can be a litttle boring when you first stat out with the simple tasks that do little more then give you moving target practice.... but it picks up right quick, and let me tell you, the first time you see the boss of an infected arkfall you kinda just sit there... look up... and first words out of your mouth:... oh....  crap... in a nutshell if you have the patiance for it its a game worth trying"
76561198078315333,Recommended,224600,11196912,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,drake.m.m.a,"The game is a good mix of single player and multiplayer, people can steal your kills but not progress/loot on enemys.Its a great sandbox game with a chalenge or task at every turn. There are more than enough different weapons that will leave you wondering is 50 guns enough? I have enjoyed playing this game and will keep enjoying it in the future and do recommend others to atleast give the free version a try. The meta score of 64/100 is wrong imo I would rate it as high as 85/100.Hope you found this review helpfull would have gone into more detail but I feel as a free to play game you should try it for your self."
76561198017433468,Not Recommended,224600,10358856,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,A Bad Fortune Cookie,"Reason why I wouldn't recommend it.... Content... After 7 months of traveling in circles doing Sieges , Incursions , Arkfalls & the endless grind of weapons... You may get bored just that fast if not faster.... The recent update to 2.0 was a total failure they had to upgrade to 2.1 just to get the game rolling again normally for other players. Some players still haven't had their equipment returned back to the way was for them before the recent patch. The story line is mediocre compared to KOTOR online. The only thing that keeps the game going for some is the player vs player content but if thats all I wanted I, would of played Call of Duty or Battlefield instead. The pvp is very unbalanced shields from the 7th legion DLC is causing players to be almost totally immune to damage. If you like players being able to take 95% damage immunity then this is the game for you. The new weapons earned from DLC # 5 are pretty much useless. You can upgrade them all you want and the damage will be subpar compared to looted ones and it also takes a full month and half to get a weapon with all the mods just to find out they are worthless. This is a free to play game so expect to pay for content not like theres anything wrong with it at least you get to choose the content you want. I've played this game longer then 5 months and still it needs a combat revamp and more areas for players to explore... The game is connected to the TV series but if I wanted one connected to a TV Series it would of been Stargate. The crossover content is noticable but after you do it it's like what nothing more ?... This game lacks a crafting system every weapon or shield you get is from looting unless you earn it from there vendors requiring you to do certain contracts. Theres no place to trade or auction weapons so you have to resort to using zone chat or the forums just to advertise.  Most players pvping use cloak so they're very hard to find and kill they need to throttle back on the cloak perks since the devs refuse to fix the issue of adding glimer to the cloaked players to even make pvp a fair deal in the game. If you like hide & go seek this is the game for you...  Also this game was not released on June 4, 2014 as indicated by steam the Free to play system went live for PC players June 4th 2014."
76561197972719285,Recommended,224600,11205265,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,[CRG] Ghost™,"IMO this game has been extremely underrated until a few months ago when they made a significant change that broke the gameplay for me. I've played Defiance for hundreds of hours outside of Steam and it was alot of fun for a cheap (now free) game. Its worth a look, especially now it's F2P. WARNING! potentially addictive!"
76561198105153407,Recommended,224600,11063568,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,devin.orourke,"This game is a lot of fun, I definitely recommend this to others. Lots of fun co-op, multiple types of vehicles, cool powers, and an all-around fun game."
,Recommended,224600,10794294,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Joe the Hedgehog,Gets the job done as a game because it's fun. Simple
,Recommended,224600,6229928,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,ShivaNata,This is a fun shooter MMO with great dynamic content- well worth a purchase even at full price and even better on sale (of course!)
,Recommended,224600,10817342,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Terrorism101,Defiance is a super fun action packed game. Plenty of achievements to keep you occupied. Overall great experience for anyone who likes shooters or is a fan of the show.
76561198044430978,Not Recommended,224600,10819191,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Sneezly,Don't buy it.  Failed to deliver on multiple levels.
76561198085151634,Recommended,224600,10968235,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,TITTYSPRINKLES,"now keep in mind this review is from a person that appsaloutely hates mmos. I hate mmo's to death i think there boring,repatative, and there all bland. BUT and i mean BUT defiance has totally changed my mind on the way i think about them now. ever since ive played defiance i have had nothing but good experiences with the game and and continue time and time again to have them. i honestly think there is no reason to not pick up this game (especially now that it is FTP) because it will countless and i mean COUNTLESS hours of fun and enjoyment and if you really want to get into the lore of this amazing new world then make sure the watch the defiance tv show thats going on along side the game."
76561198105398824,Recommended,224600,11142876,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,tankprohp,great with friends   A MUST PLAY.....WITH FRIENDSAND HELL ITS FREE
,Recommended,224600,11143790,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,Improv_Nacks,"Defiance is an impressive game that largely succeeds in what its set out to do as an MMO. Its fast paced, diverse in items and gear, and is never as a loss for activities. The integration with the ongoing TV show only adds to the level of excitment as it lets you feel on personal level, more apart of the whole universe and the story they've created.The game has come a long way in performance; Trion has worked very hard to mitigate latency and crash related issues and it only seems to get progressivly better with each update. Trion's experience with MMO type games really shows at its best with defiance.Overall, a very solid game for any casual MMO player wanting to just chill out with some lootin' and shootin'."
76561198015599543,Recommended,224600,10665925,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,FRaG:. BakedBeans SO,Good Game
,Not Recommended,224600,11158810,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,sneakybr36,I spent 40 bucks on this piece of crap 2 months before this became free 2 play. I bought the fricking 4 pack and this load of crap became free 2 play. You make me spend my money on the 4 pack and this happens!10/10 Rip - off
,Not Recommended,224600,11158994,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Rolkin,Not really an MMO as you will be playing by yourself most of the time. The show that goes along with it was alright and it was an interesting concept but it doesn't have much to really grab your attention with.
76561198022863828,Recommended,224600,10877348,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Mysticswiftness,Good  game. It is enjoyable getting strong enough to plow through the max lvl difficulty mobs solo after struggling for so long when the threat meter gets out of control. Keeping up with your dailies gets old quick and being forced to do a ton of pvp to get max level kind of sucks tho.
,Recommended,224600,10555528,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Atomic Sloth,I recommend this game because of its truely outstanding online universe full of amazing players that help you throughout missions to achieve the goal
76561198101414437,Recommended,224600,10590606,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Danimal,"I originally purchased this game for my xbox 360 and spent a little bit of time on it before I ended up getting rid of it. Around Christmas time this past year it became availiable for a winter sale purchase and I said meh, mine as well pick it up for the $5 or $10 deluxe edition. I recently downloadec it and started playing, and really enjoy the game greatly.Graphically it isn't the best and there are still some bugs to be found, but it didn't take away from my positive experience while playing. The quests are the usual go kill these guys, escort so and so, drive the vehicle here etc. but again they were still fun and made me want to continue to play out the storyline. The storyline is the usual good guys bad guys scenario but again I loved it. There are plenty of side missions to do, as well as instanced dungeon type challenges, co-op arenas/scenarios, as well as some pvp. I have dabbled in it all and had a blast, even with the unbalanced pvp where i was literally getting one shotted but I laughed it off and got back in there. There is a store where one can purchase bits to obtain ingame armor, vehicles, upgrades, etc. but I feel its done the right way and I don't believe it necessarily breaks the game. Most of the items themselves can be grinded out during gameplay anyway.I love the actual show and maybe thats why I enjoy the game so much although there are differences in setting and characters. Overall I had a pleasant experience and I believe anyone who enjoys mmo's should at least give this a shot, and why not when its now free to play. This isn't the typical game I would play usually, but I fell in love with it and maybe just maybe you will to."
,Recommended,224600,10591006,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,The Perfect Null,Love this game <3
76561198067783593,Recommended,224600,10593251,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,VvTheFlashvV,"One of the better MMO's out there. Never watched the show, but I can say that I have enjoyed the time spent in this game. Controls well, performs well, and is very fun. Can easily lose time playing this one. Now that it's F2P, no excuse. Try it out for yourself."
76561198071946763,Recommended,224600,10453924,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,laigero67,free to play i have it and is ok
,Not Recommended,224600,10454230,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Circus,♥♥♥♥ing BORING
,Recommended,224600,10454943,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Dangioffre,Not bad at alll. I dont play very much because im busy but it was aton of fun while I was playing it. Should give it a try.
76561198040217414,Recommended,224600,4641898,"Posted: 21 May, 2013",all,Major Cohones,GREAT GAME..... only  shooter that actually has some substance and purpose. highly recommend.
,Recommended,224600,10681132,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,viziel,"A great game to hop in ..shoot stuff..have fun..and hop out when you need too.  Game depth is good for weapons...other than that graphics are good and gameplay is enough for a casual player.  Storyline is passable, and voice acting is decent."
,Recommended,224600,15048910,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,mrmghz1,"I like the game, i just cant connect to the servers often.  i would recommend it to anyone, but not before the connection issues are fixed"
,Recommended,224600,15255037,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,TyrantofSins,"You will probably need a decent computer to properly see and let load times be cut short. But I have had the game since day one, console and PC. Each time I make a new character the playthrough is different, the quests are the same yes but how you level up your EGO can be different. I do recommend this to people looking for a f2p game that isnt pay to win. Trust me, I've seen a team of people with all the DLCs and a team without. Guess who had won? The team that didnt have any DLC. Why? Because the in game gear is just the same as the DLC, the gear doesn't have all the effect...its how you use it."
,Recommended,224600,15257011,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,lavaspiders,"The game is like the TV show: not perfect, but a solid entertainment experience with some potential. All things being equal, it's a fairly standard TPS. I think the reliance is largely on tie-in with the show to make it stand out, which just about any other franchise could learn a bit from here. The Trion team wisely decided not to make the game parallel the show, which allows for a lot more depth and...sandboxiness. That's a word, right? You still get to interact with characters from the show, but straying away from that plot allows a lot more freedom. Combat is fairly intuitive, especially if you've played a lot of FPS/TPS games. I'd almost be inclined to call it a shoot 'n loot, but to be fair, there is a bit more to it. But basically this is as close as you're gonna get to a Borderlands MMO."
76561198027118985,Recommended,224600,3764806,"Posted: 2 April, 2013",all,woody92,Shoot alien bugs and mutant zombies... in the DING DING!
76561198086983012,Recommended,224600,7116132,"Posted: 6 May, 2013",all,Radilo,ótimo!
,Recommended,224600,3530962,"Posted: 2 April, 2013",all,[MN$]Echelon,I have no words that can describe the graphics of this game! Simply beautiful! Gameplay is amazing as well as the lore too!
76561197970857555,Recommended,224600,469994,"Posted: 29 May, 2013",all,-=FuuYaa=-,Wer wie blöd ballern will ist hier genau richtig ;-)
,Recommended,224600,7648323,"Posted: 13 November, 2013",all,iHaveLostMyC4,Einfach nur geil
76561198068054609,Recommended,224600,8039782,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Ladlethina,"A little buggy,camera can get a little annoying but otherwisw love this gamethe only decent overshoulder Gun MMO, sOOO many things you can do but can feel a tad bit repetitive as Missions (quest) repeat themselves. CO-OP is amazing, I dont pvp so i dont know how it is.ingame store is fair - pay to boost (xp,money,magic find, ect). Constant updates and DLC'sdef recoomend anyone that likes shooting games PvE or PvP. give it a shot you never know ;)out of 108 fun ( more if i checked out pvp but I HATE PVP )8 graphics7 camera angles9 coop mission (dungeons)8 Arkfalls - these can be fun as hell, see if you can top the dmg board with 20-50 ppl"
,Recommended,224600,16427446,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Kall_Lightman,Nice game. I describe it like 'unusual combo'. Good fantastic MMO game.
76561198072648552,Recommended,224600,16404883,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,ReecesPufhz,It's a good game but I hate that you used to have to buy it -_- now it's free... that pisses me off...
,Recommended,224600,6639478,"Posted: 22 April, 2013",all,paganpryde07,Awsome
76561198103837649,Recommended,224600,8010212,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Sniper_hetz,great game but servers shut down alot
,Recommended,224600,743347,"Posted: 27 July, 2013",all,Synther,Awesome game that ties into a really good show!
76561197995081838,Recommended,224600,8110976,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,NerfWhatKilledMe,"When the game first came out it was not worth the $50, but now over a year later it has gotten better and for only $10. It's sort of pathetic that they need to extort more money through DLC's that probably aren't worth $10 each, but they also need to support the TV show. Final Decision: They need to add more free material, but the standard addition is totally worth the $10."
,Recommended,224600,8116128,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Serious Shrubery,"An enjoyable adventure; if you're playing with friends. Arkfall ""Boss Battles"" are tedious and can get boring quickly since there are only 3 or 4 different arkfalls. Character customization is minimal at best, the different gears are only for looks and there are only a handful, most sets have a recolor aswell. The game saves itself with its main story; its overall well written and the majority  of the characters are memorable; sadly some of the best characters don't have much of an explained backstory. I'd love to see more of the Sherif. This has nothing to do with the game but the TV Show is fantastic. I've heard that when Season 2 comes out there are going to be many crossovers with the game. If that happens I'll definetly be coming back for more. I bought this game when it was 60$, I don't regret doing that; I had a blast. If you and 3 other friends are looking for a decent game to kill some time with Buy the 4-Pack its well worth it."
76561198079079778,Recommended,224600,8116451,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,PaceRoyal,I RECOMMEND THIS GAME! 10/10
76561198019304728,Recommended,224600,8126077,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Lakers4eva,"Whith all its faults in regards to limited story, the gameplay its FUN."
76561198077344203,Recommended,224600,8129402,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,René Marcusio,"When I first heard of this game, I was really exited, and of the show that came with it. But after several episodes, the show made less sense. It is only after trying out the demo that I regained the motivation to try out this game again. This game is Awesome."
,Recommended,224600,8132760,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Your Brother,It's a pretty darn good game.Solid combat and many weapons to choose from.And lots and lots of events.I had fun playing this for a quick gaming session after lunch but also good for longer sessions.
,Recommended,224600,8241592,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Hacker Hater,It is an interesting MMO shooter. You can ride around in a vehicle which makes exploring and scaling mountains pretty fun!
76561198037158472,Recommended,224600,4438236,"Posted: 24 September, 2013",all,jaretp,Pretty decent game for $10
76561198062924726,Recommended,224600,8232287,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,flayer497,This is one of the best MMO games out there.
76561198018618521,Recommended,224600,8232384,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Geoflame1,A very fun game very teamwork or multiplayer supportive during arkfalls you pretty much need help this is a game where you cant lone wolf everything
,Recommended,224600,8214692,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,炎神 DJ Tri-Edge,This game makes me so happy on the inside that I wish i could play it all day everyday.
76561198017609035,Recommended,224600,8214811,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,TDutchWalker,meh tis ok
76561198103532430,Recommended,224600,8195332,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Creep2kill,This game i amazing!
76561197992189803,Recommended,224600,1366227,"Posted: 4 August, 2013",all,[S]FatkidMedic,Over 500 hrs and still enjoying it!!
76561198036740835,Not Recommended,224600,8158187,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,MadSKillz,so i wasted 60 dollars on this game and now its about 5 dollars nice what a ♥♥♥♥♥ing game
,Recommended,224600,19159576,"Posted: 19 November, 2015",all,Damage,"i wish I could give a neutral vote. This game USED to be amazing. The game was great to play with friends. I had a ton of laughs etc. Then all the DLC and changes came. Driving this game into the ground. The game also feels pretty empty in terms of players now.I used to have a ton of fun playing thing game and we tried going back to it not too long ago and well....yeah it's just awful. So much has changed since my initial purchase that it just doesn't feel right anymore.If you can get the game for $2 to $5 and have a couple friends play as a BS game every now an then great. Don;t pay any more for it, and don't bother buying the DLC.We used to have fun times like this:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=4rKsJtO0Ea8but since everything has changed the fun factor has gone from 8 to 0."
76561197971179235,Not Recommended,224600,19344248,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Aaron788,"Fun shooter, but repetitive."
76561197969688913,Not Recommended,224600,8237395,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Kapt'n K,"Weapons are too easily achieved, and upgrades are unfortunately not the greatest. Placing a sniper style scope on a sub machine gun. This game is fun, if you are wanting to get achievements and enjoy easy to impossible pve enemies."
,Recommended,224600,475971,"Posted: 13 July, 2013",all,unique73,love this game but could do with some more mission content
,Recommended,224600,6424186,"Posted: 18 May, 2013",all,ZAPAmaster,Everybody on steam should own this game and watch the show....simultaneously
,Recommended,224600,7692340,"Posted: 18 November, 2013",all,Eagle123638,nice game big open word 10/10
,Recommended,224600,19816462,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Skyy,'sokay
76561197997785178,Not Recommended,224600,12732972,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,sando-an edgy,I'd say; give it a go since it's free to play.Though the game lacks alot of content. It almost seems empty after awhile. You'll end up doing the same stuff over and over again and that's just gets tedious way too fast.
76561197962397576,Not Recommended,224600,19752567,"Posted: 17 December, 2015",all,Tony Yorkshire,"""Absolute Rubbish"" When you buy the DLC its not yours and when you have to ""delete"" our ""change"" your account your DLC is deleted.So if you create a new account then you have to rebuy the DLC that you had in your account!!.I understand a company has to make money!! but it seems that even Steam have got wise to this ""Buisness practice"" and stopped giving you a refund on the dlc you had bought.So you end up with ""DLC listed for Defiance"" that you cannot use and have to rebuy for your new account.Trion call this ""Account security"" i call it being a bunch of tea leaves.Most of the content in the DLC is pretty awful and the ""Paywall"" that Trion added just made the game a total pay to play ""You to can buy the same ""Hat in 5 different colours"".Also the game bears ""NO"" resemblance to the TV series apart from a few characters but thats about it!!.Having to create an account is also annoying in the fact it allows Trion toknow what you are playing and how much you spent on their games and dlc its kind of being watched while gaming!!.Trion put me off ""Defiance"" completely!! and its a shame because in the beginning i was enjoying the game and it was ""FUN"" but it seems all these companies go the same way and all i notice is people leaving the game.....Cheers Tony Longshire"
,Recommended,224600,6446649,"Posted: 7 April, 2013",all,Émeraude Ciel,Defiance. Hey. You like MMO's? Did you like Lost Planet 2? If you answered yes to one or both of these questions then I have discovered your next obsession. You can thank me later.
,Not Recommended,224600,3004047,"Posted: 27 April, 2013",all,King Louis,DON'T ♥♥♥♥IN BUY THIS♥♥♥♥♥♥ IT'S WORSE THAN THE ♥♥♥♥IN TV SHOW!
,Not Recommended,224600,11588032,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,SilentMashiko,Better than Firefall.Edit: At least Firefall doesn't have IP block. And I paid my own money for that...
,Recommended,224600,20735121,"Posted: 24 January, 2016",all,Koilds the Weeb,"IF I ♥♥♥♥ING KNEW THIS GAME WOULD GO F2P I WOULD NOT HAVE SPENT A DAMN DIMEAnyway, spending that damn dime was worth it."
,Not Recommended,224600,3398516,"Posted: 30 July, 2013",all,A. Ivins,"I want my money back, honesly game drops to 10$ before a year... sad"
76561198089898472,Recommended,224600,7168895,"Posted: 12 July, 2013",all,Xavier Laflamme,Great game if you understand it!
,Recommended,224600,300136,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,Ptsarge,very fun indeed great story
,Not Recommended,224600,7662102,"Posted: 15 November, 2013",all,Kei-chan,"EDIT: Original review below. I no longer recommend this game, due to changes that have rendered the game completely unplayable. Whether it's because of something that was introduced in a patch, or Trion simply moving the game's servers to a closet in their office, I was unable to play without outrageous amounts of lag. Unless you love rubberbanding, please avoid.Contrary to my initial impressions when I heard that Trion was developing a game in conjunction with a SYFY ORIGINAL SERIES™, Defiance is almost shockingly competent.Taking tips from Borderlands in the form of colored loot and bizarre weapons, and the open world events they've spent so long tweaking and refining in Rift, Defiance is less an MMORPG and more of an open-world shooter, vehicles and all. The reason that Defiance is _shockingly_ competent is that both the shooting and the driving handle extremely well, better than some MMO shooters that I can think of (*cough* Global Agenda *cough*) which can often make you forget that it's an MMORPG at all, seeing as just blasting robots and giant bugs can be fun.Rather than a traditional leveling system, the game uses a seemingly nonsensical ""EGO level"" which is sort of an overall game completion score, seemingly culled from many different factors, including player XP, the completion of side events and achievements, discovering new locations, et cetera. I can't say this for sure, as the system is never explained and its number just seems to rise whenever I do things. The important thing, however, is that while you do get access to multiple perks and one of four primary active abilities, your EGO level hardly affects your character's relative power, and has no bearing on mission or event rewards, meaning that Defiance does what many modern MMORPGs fail to do: allow you to easily group up with your friends and play the game together.The bottom line is, Defiance is a GOOD GAME. I'm really enjoying the time that I'm spending with it, and the game doesn't have to use a carrot and stick to encourage me."
76561197965838371,Recommended,224600,225319,"Posted: 20 April, 2013",all,[RRS]union3476,
,Recommended,224600,726400,"Posted: 13 June, 2013",all,[SXR] Chosen One,"Fun gameplay, decent story, ARK falls/events are where its at.Plus the new curse update makes this game even better."
76561198011491590,Recommended,224600,2712192,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,requaz,You should definitely check it out.
76561197992721390,Recommended,224600,1396564,"Posted: 15 April, 2013",all,letelet,shoot um up and have some fun
76561197969232891,Recommended,224600,344788,"Posted: 25 June, 2013",all,DerFoxY,a well done and still growing mmo coop shooter with great potencial.
,Recommended,224600,11681473,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,⎝ᴡ҉ᴏ҉ʟ҉ғ҉⎠,"If you like a great number of missions, quests, monsters, and guns, this game is for you! The only downside of course to this game is the extremely unplayable server lag.Free-to-play came out opening an entire world to the cheap tightwads out there, also envoking Trion Worlds to change their great, stable servers to that of those which support a single card game that is online. Many say it is my internet (Those who have 1-5 hours on the game) Although I have read cases that have HUNDREDS of this same exact issue. Trion Worlds has done NOTHING to fix this, and most likely won't which allows me to change this from a HIGHLY recommended, to a HIGHLY unrecommended. Sure I will still play this game, but I do not recommend it for any new players as your world will be filled with grief and unsatisfaction due to the unplayability this game has to offer. This is my unbiased opinion as I really do love the game, although as of now, and maybe forever, it is truly unplayable.Despite any ratings I receive I will change this to a recommended IF they fix the issue.For now it's off to perhaps a different game.EDIT: They fixed the lag! It is now completely playable and enjoyable-- AS WELL AS NOT DEAD! Give it a try!"
76561198017969050,Recommended,224600,3132646,"Posted: 11 April, 2013",all,Sir Andrew,"Really fun game, once you get going it's hard to stop... very addicting and awesome game. A MUST BUY."
76561197965557066,Not Recommended,224600,18832925,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Usernamexists,"I alpha tested the game outside of steam. I still had hope so i purchased the game. Now anyone can play, and anyone rich enough can beat the sh*it out of anyone and or thing through the micro transactions which arent so micro. They arent even trying to hide it. i got no respect for that kinda thing so THUMBS DOWN BABY, thumbs down."
76561198037455901,Recommended,224600,4456330,"Posted: 16 May, 2013",all,hrmesterc,
76561198023404066,Recommended,224600,29890028,Posted: 12 February,all,WritingGamer,Pretty darn cool!
76561198121658054,Recommended,224600,29883141,Posted: 12 February,all,BungleBerry,really fun
76561198070819975,Recommended,224600,29905356,Posted: 13 February,all,Oktopod,"60 Hours in and I can say that the game is really fun and easy to get into. There is a shop to buy things with real life money, but it doesn't make much of a difference. It has a shop but it IS NOT pay to win. I highly recommend this game to anyone who likes games like APB, but wants something else. It has amazing and really fun pvp, pve is also very fun. My only wish is that more people played this game since it's amazing (imo). I won't stop playing this game anytime soon."
76561198036193431,Recommended,224600,4379186,"Posted: 12 May, 2013",all,SSV_Kearsarge,"Goodness me, I haven't had so much fun on an MMO since... well... I'm not much of an MMO guy, but this has definitely got me."
76561198118832290,Recommended,224600,29752900,Posted: 6 February,all,Theredpanda,good time killer
76561198325320576,Recommended,224600,29761858,Posted: 7 February,all,[IP] Nothing,It was a good game for a starter that want a free mmo gun game with having a lot of people having a raid without waiting for events or missions
76561198054968007,Recommended,224600,30185325,Posted: 25 February,all,Heliopteryx,"This is a game that does decently well at many things, but not great. The story is mediocre, but acceptable. The gameplay is good, but not jaw-dropping, etc.I've been playing it since a year after launch (on PC), and while the population has markedly decreased, there are still plenty of players. There are a few huge active clans, and large random events such as major arkfalls still draw impressive crowds. However, I have heard the player-vs-player events have suffered.Defiance is great if you want a fairly laid-back experience with tons of achievements, and the kind of player interaction where you and many others converge on objectives and wordlessly cooperate."
,Recommended,224600,31336157,Posted: 24 April,all,Pretty Patsie™,"Originally played it on Xbox360 and actually enjoyed it. Decided to give it another shot and its stupidly laggy, like the net code is broken!Frame rate is nice but the enemies and other teleport around too much completely breaking immersion, making sniping harder than the final round of Dale Winton's Supermarket Sweep! I'm going to keep playing it for a while and hopefully stuff gets fixed (I know its old but you never know) If it does, I recommend it. If not, I cant...GG"
76561198030336925,Not Recommended,224600,8033704,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Flashand,"Laggy, no customer support. It took them 3 months to respond to an issue and then they stated that it was solved as they had not heard back from me. The issue was a broken quest that had not been fixed. The random item generation is not level based, you get better items at low levels than you can find at higher levels. Just because its an ultimate ""add color"" doesnt mean there isnt a white item out there of the same or lower level that makes it look like junk.Game isnt well thought out loot wise but the gfx are good.On the upside its high speed, game._____After attempting to retry this i must concure with myself. Broken quests, lag, terrible grafic glitches. Random items are not better with ""add color"" you can get a lvl 10 item thats far superior to a lvl 500 item.Extra content just not worth purchasing."
,Recommended,224600,3824308,"Posted: 30 July, 2013",all,Slinky,"Not really an MMO- I think MMO was used as a marketting term to lure in swatches of MMO players. It worked for a while, I enjoyed the games simplicity for about a week.Don't buy it, pretty much."
76561198015841709,Recommended,224600,3008629,"Posted: 27 May, 2013",all,ImZancho,Its Awesome!.
,Not Recommended,224600,10381466,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Madacamia Soft,"Unfinished look, too quick to finish, no challenge at all, redundant cathegories of weapons...This game used to be full of good ideas, not being equipment dependant, making possible to get a good weapon you loved and level all the way up, just changing weapon attachments. Then they did the big patch where weapons were too important and you had to cycle. And they aded the danger levels. That's baaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaad: now when there's an even near a city full of AFK's, the event is impossible to do on your own.And bugs, lots of bugs that never got fixed."
,Not Recommended,224600,15094008,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,status,"oh god- trion, please no"
76561198123994809,Recommended,224600,30208137,Posted: 26 February,all,^|Th3D4rkStar|^,"The game is great, graphics look good, gameplay is not bad and everithing is fine. It's not my type of game, and I don't plan on playing more, but it's a good game. 5/10"
,Recommended,224600,3407283,"Posted: 4 September, 2013",all,SimplyAlctaurion,wish i still had 60$ but over all i got my money worth i just don't see myself ever playing it again.
,Recommended,224600,7665608,"Posted: 15 November, 2013",all,FromAgreste,Muito Bom o|
,Recommended,224600,7737492,"Posted: 24 November, 2013",all,Braingasm,"It's a fantastic blending of third person shooter and MMORPG.  If you like MMOs, third person shooting, or just gorgeous explosions and mind warping fun, then you will like this game."
,Not Recommended,224600,8799681,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Mr. Miyagi,"They ripped off the people who paid money for this game, and gave us NOTHING for it.-Even worse, it wasn't really even worth buying to begin with looking at what it's become :/0/10"
76561198004538351,Not Recommended,224600,9057403,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Buzzerker,Put this game out of it's misery already. DAMN!
,Not Recommended,224600,10045897,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,[FL:T] MrFinnConlon,"A fun MMO going from paid to f2p and with it, the whole community. Almost a dead game."
,Recommended,224600,822243,"Posted: 6 June, 2013",all,BoogieWoogieWoo[BLNTD],fun game to pass time
,Not Recommended,224600,8614605,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,twitch.tv churvin,"This game is FUN. For $10 you get an open world filled with stuff to do that blends in with the series vaguely but at thee same time quite nicely. The action is a bit like Mass Effect as with the customization and the online aspects add to the experience as well as the non-linear world. I find myself enjoying the game in sprees of an hour messing round, doing a mission and just generally spawning my 4WD that you can spawn at any time from the beginning of the game for fun and quicker travel purposes.I don't really interact with other players but eventually probably will, so far my experience with the game has been great. Unfortunately the frame rate dips a bit from here to there and in my case I had to disable shadows to keep it over 30fps otherwise I have no complaints. Controller support is spot on.Edit - The game has gone F2P, you can play this for free, yes that is worth it.Edit - 2017 this game has aged, I just can't anymore"
