user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198241200804,Recommended,224760,32191310,Posted: 4 June,all,shoe,"My favorite game on Steam & one of my favorite games of all time. A wonderfully unique experience that is simultaneously lonely yet inviting. It challenges both halves of your brain in ways that most games don't even dare to dream of. This game will not hold your hand: you are fully expected to be able to solve every possible puzzle in this game that starts out incredibly simple by slowing introducing new different challenges revolving (pun COMPLETELY intended) around the primary rotating mechanic and gradually escalates into the most challenging mysteries I have ever encountered in a videogame - quite honestly in my life. The more puzzles you solve in this game the more you will feel like a genius, and the more you discover about the world on your own the more fleshed out it feels. While some aspects such as the story do feel minimalist, I believe this was entirely intentional in order to contribute to the overwhelming feeling of mystery that this game conveys.If you are willing to separate art from artist and look past the views and actions of its creator, then ""FEZ"" has the potential to be one of the best games you've every played."
,Recommended,224760,1114044,"Posted: 21 September, 2013",all,Nilesy @ Twitch,"Fez is Phil Fish's stupendous indie tour-de-force, focussing on a little dude who learns to conquer the world of 3D!Fez is incredibly addictive and pleasant to play. As Phil himself states in Indie Game: The Movie, it's a stop and smell the flowers kind of game. I spent 15 hours fully completing this game and loved every minute of it. Genuinely one of my favourite games ever.There's puzzling, platforming and cute quirks everywhere. A wonderful and fun game for everyone. Wanna enjoy the experience even more? Watch Indie Game The Movie before playing and appreciate the amount of time and effort put into this wonderful creation.-Nilesy"
,Recommended,224760,16570008,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Lone_Wolf,"FEZ ReviewI was going through a queue recently and, having played Edge and Beep, saw FEZ as one of my recommended games. This game is incredible for it's price. Heck, even if this game was 2-dimensional it would still be a great puzzler! But one of the most unique and certainly enjoyable aspects of this game is the ability to rotate the entire world to explore new areas. Here are some of the finest points of the game.Innovative IdeasTake your favorite Mario Bros. game and compare it to FEZ. Where regular platformers, such as Mario Bros., have only the basic 2-D sidescrolling capability, FEZ has a fully rotatable world, where turning the world opens up new objects to jump on, new cubes to collet (see below), and new rooms to visit. It's as if the developers said ""I'll call your two dimensions, and I'll raise you a third dimension!"" In all seriousness though, this is by far the most compelling part of FEZ. It is what truly makes it stand out as a platformer.FEZ consists of linear gameplay, but the way that the ""doors between worlds"" are presented to the player make it seem like you have endless choices to make. There is no time limit to the game, and taking full advantage of this situation, I found myself constantly fully exploring the worlds before moving on to the next. The originality of FEZ is an easy 10 on my list.ObjectiveFEZ is centered around the objective of collecting cubes to unlock new worlds. There are 32 cubes to collect, with each cube having a number of pieces to find in each world. To unlock the second world, you have to collect two cubes. To unlock the third world, you need 4 cubes (including the previous 2). For the fourth world, you need 8 cubes (including the previous 4 cubes). It's a really nice progression system that is well timed and not overbearingly, excruciatingly long and difficult.AddictivenessOne of the things that I personally liked about this game is that it really isn't very addicting. You won't feel like playing it every time you open Steam, but I can assure you that there are plenty of times that you will be compelled to buy it. While this might be a con for some players, I found myself playing the game less frequently but for longer periods of time, which gave me a better experience when playing. I would not go so far as to call the game addictive, but it surely isn't boring in any sense of the word.Controls and GraphicsThe game has simple pixel graphics, but the colors are really vivid in this game. The developers chose really bright color schemes and not dull/dark colors, which I have seen ruin games before. The only thing here is that when you rotate the world, there are no shadows so it is often difficult to tell which direction you have to turn.As for controls, the default controls spread all the way from left ctrl to the arrow keys. For me, this is a big time no-go (the only exception being The Binding of Isaac). When FEZ adds an option to change the controls to at lease wasd/ijkl, the controls system will inprove considerably.ValueHaving gotten FEZ as part of the Steam Summer Sale, it was just one of many games I picked up over the course of the week-and-a-half event. However, as soon as I played it, I realized the amazing deal that I had gotten. In fact, I even mentioned to some friends to go and give it a try. For the 2 bucks that I got it for, FEZ is simply amazing. At full price, if you're into puzzlers and platformers, buy it. If not, still buy it. Trust me, it's a great game and the price is right.AspectRatingOriginality10Addictiveness6Graphics8Value10Overall9Final Points on the GameNot only is FEZ a great platformer, the rotating world concept also makes it one of the most unique games in it's class. This is a must-buy!Be sure to check out any of my other reviews on my profile, and please upvote if this helped you, I hope it did! Thanks for reading!"
,Recommended,224760,32032363,Posted: 28 May,all,Froody,"FEZ really is a work of art, and I don't mean that in the generic, oft-used sense. The puzzles are intelligent and challenging, the style of the world is blissfully enchanting, and the mechanics are the best and most original part of it all. One of my first and, fezably, best Steam purchases."
,Not Recommended,224760,8173683,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,X01JP,"Disappointing.At  first this game seems great... really great. The unique spin world mechanic platform puzzles are fun and finding the hidden cubes is addicting. Such a shame the game couldn't have be expanded on that basic premise rather than shoehorning in a load of pretentious over complicated code breaking puzzles that will leave you scratching your head, and ultimately seeking help online.I feel like I wasted my time."
,Not Recommended,224760,10201906,"Posted: 22 May, 2014",all,"Kattanaita,","I write this review as a casual, recreational gamer.It's beautiful, got an interesting gimmick and nostalgic feel to it. There's no game over, which is an interesting design choice I can get behind of, but those black holes are annoying obstacles that add nothing to the game but frustration. It is utterly enigmatic if you're planning on playing to completion, and the fact you have to get out of the game or rely on other devices to solve some of the mysteries (like those QR codes kind of thing) was a major turn off. I was led to believe this was a peaceful platformer focused on puzzle-solving, but the game can be quite unforgiving sometimes. It forces you to pay attention, and the untidy layout of the rooms leave you with a plethora of clues to be tried on a plethora of rooms, and you'll never know what refers to what until you accidentally get one of your hunches right.The map is huge, which, in a way, is a positive thing, but traveling through it is confusing and annoying, given the fact you can't just fast travel to a certain room; you have to make your way over there through all the other rooms... This can be frustrating since the map is quite confusing -- it looks great and unique, but you never know which door leads where unless you try one by one. There are so many doors and rooms it is easy to forget which door leads where even after you been through it several times.It's an incredible game, but the overall experience I had with it was very frustrating and that it was, ultimately a waste of my time. More than once I felt like breaking the controller in my own head, so infuriated I was. I feel this game caters to a very specific audience, so if you're not in for a challenge (or spending a lot of time and effort into it), you'd better off with some other game. I usually try to get all achievements in games, but this one felt like too much work, and I didn't want to rely on a guide; what's the point of playing a game if you're going to replicate the steps described in a guide? If you play games to relax at the end of a long day, I don't reccommend it. Teenagers and core gamers would find this more appealing.If you're not an achievement collector, the first playthrough is interesting and free of difficult challenges, but you won't be able to visit several rooms, some of which are only available after finishing the game once. A great part of the game will remain undiscovered, which shortens the play time and affects willingness to invest on its full price, after all, if you're only going to visit half of the rooms, what's the point of paying for the full experience?I don't ask for hand-holding, but it feels to me like it lacks serious consistency, leaving the gimmick as the only redeeming factor about it."
,Recommended,224760,16371309,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Enrico,"This isn't only a game, this is art."
,Recommended,224760,16755102,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,jpsf91,"Note: This review is for FEZ, not Phil Fish.Acclaimed as one the best indie videogames ever made, FEZ is a puzzle platformer in a 3D space composed of 4 2D planes. I agree that this game is nearly perfect. It's fun to play. The controls are okay. The music is cool. The art is brilliant. And there are good designed puzzles. And the best part is it's difficulty: in this game you need to collect 32 normal cubes and 32 anti-cubes, among other things. The normal cubes are easy to find, and to beat the game you only need 32 cubes. So, if you're not very good with puzzle games, you can beat this game. Since it has (almost) an open world style, if you get stuck you can just keep moving ahead, instead of being stuck forever. The anti-cubes are harder, but some are easier to get than others. But getting them all is a real challenge. And there are also 3 red cubes, which are extremely hard to find. So, this is a game for everyone. I think it has the right lenght, but it can be annoying sometimes, for example when you need to backtrack. This is definitely one of the best games i ever played, a true masterpiece in almost every way. Buy it now (on sale is even better)."
,Recommended,224760,10997672,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,=(eGO)=™ MIB2,"FEZ was overhyped.There is no denying that. When I first started playing it, I was let down. The world-turning mechanics were boring, the platforming unresponsive, at least to my tastes, the art style didn't suit me. I wondered, what was it that people loved so much about FEZ. I hated the game so much that I dropped it almost immediately.Fast-forward to yesterday, to the day that everything changed. I forced myself to play just a bit more in order to at least beat it. I thought I was returning to the land of tedium, and yet this wasn't the case. Maybe it was the anti-hype quarantine period that helped. I discovered that this game was not what it seems. Instead of platforming, I found increasingly challenging puzzles. It was filled with cryptic messages, lingustic riddles, hidden ciphres. It was fascinating.This game does nothing to help you discover it's true beauty. It's radiance comes from the fact that it holds you to extremely high standards. What other game forces you to decrypt a language using a Rosetta stone like device? Pen and paper are a must here.Think of a brutally hard, unforgiving game. Be it Super Hexagon, Dark Souls, Super Meat Boy, I'm sure you remember the extreme sense of accomplishment that surged through you when you conquered it's many challenges. FEZ is like that, only instead of your reflexes, it challenges your mind. Do yourself a favor and play it. Do yourself another favor, and never use guides. You will love it. I promise."
,Not Recommended,224760,7880262,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,RandomGamer342,"Being a game praised by many as brilliant, having an interesting game mechanic and being compared to cave story made me have high expectations for itThey were shattered almost instantlyIn about 20 minutes of playtime, i've experienced some of the worst things i've ever seen in a PC port. Buttons ingame are referenced to the console equivalent, meaning binding keys, gameplay mechanics, puzzle hints, etc are designed with an xbox controller in mind. I encountered not one, but TWO gameplay-breaking bugs.At one point, the game got confused(the best explanation i can give, even as a dev, honestly) and outright broke itself, meaning i could do literally F A other than start a new game. I did, and i got to a puzzle button combination(unsolvable on PC without a tutorial, because the hints are given to you in xbox buttons and make no sense without them), which ended up giving me an item i needed for the game - without actually giving me the item, meaning i lost that item permanently and had no other option than to start a new game.To add to this, the game crashed multiple times. During 20 minutes.Furthermore, the writing, dialogue, grammar, everything related to text in this game is abysmally bad. I've seen text survive better through google translate to german and back. I genuinely refuse to believe the dev even tried, which is further solidified by:The nail in the coffin, the developer being aware of all the bugs and issues and telling people to suck it up because he doesn't give a ♥♥♥♥. I wish i was kidding.I honestly wanted to like the game, as i'm a sucker for the artstyle, the platforming and puzzles like these, but as it stands, the only reason you'd have to buy this game is to laugh at the absolute insanity. If i was you, i wouldn't give it a slot in your library."
,Not Recommended,224760,11295325,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Will,"This game had a very neat premise, an excellent soundtrack, a very nice visual style, and something about it feels very fresh. If you can find it cheap (I paid $4.99), I'd say it's worth a try if only to satisfy your curiosity.That said, even though I completed a good chunk of this game, I have zero desire to 100% it or even complete it. Many of the puzzles in this game are so cryptic that it borders on the impossible. At least one puzzle even included a QR code, which was useless to me since I don't own a smartphone. I love a challenge, and puzzle-solving is a very enjoyable task for me, but only when I feel like I have even a remote chance at solving them. Otherwise I'm left more frustrated than anything."
,Recommended,224760,24770610,"Posted: 7 August, 2016",all,Something,"There are nearly no games that make you shed a tear after you see the beauty of it's world. And i will stand by the opinion that this game, in comparison to many next gen games, surpasses world design by miles. This game is captivating, very few games have the ability to be so simplistic yet so beautiful at the same time. I give a standing ovation to the developer(s). 10/10 - I will love this game forever."
76561198084744683,Recommended,224760,13948829,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Sanic-X,"FEZ is an incredible platformer, appropriate for all ages and skill levels. Controls are smooth and simple, and it looks and sounds great. The atmosphere is relaxing and safe, allowing you to explore the game at your own pace. A must-have for anyone who enjoys the feeling of discovering the world around them in a game."
,Recommended,224760,23513940,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,subATOMIC,"Love Fish or hate him, only a cynically biased person could resist praising this game. It's a masterpiece."
,Recommended,224760,23626472,"Posted: 17 June, 2016",all,Whiep,80/8 would fund Phil Fish's twitter rants again.
,Not Recommended,224760,8149328,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Platypus,"I had heard a lot about Fez and its creator before I bought the game, but I tried my hardest to go into the game with no prejudices.  However, I finished the game a little disappointed.The game presents itself as a platformer with an interesting central mechanic.  You roam the world in two dimensions, but can spin the world in 90 degree turns.  This allows you to run across platforms that might be too far to jump from one perspective or discover hidden doors that only appear in another perspective.  However, the depth of this mechanic is never really explored.  You will see about 90% of the way the mechanic is used before you leave the tutorial area, which was a bit disappointing.  There are a few more mechanics that are used (like bombs or rotating platforms), but their implementation is shallow and uninspired at best.  The game also does a poor job of explaining itself to the player.  I’m not complaining that the game doesn’t literally tell me how to progress, but in a puzzle game care should be taken to have puzzles which demonstrate mechanics (and by extension let the player understand those mechanics) and puzzles which implement those mechanics.  The Portal series is a great example of this, featuring chambers where the player will learn the mechanics in a safe environment before going into a chamber that uses those same mechanics but leaves the player to discover how to beat the chamber.The entire game revolves around collecting Cubes and Bits (which are smaller fragments, eight of which make a regular cube).  The game revolves around a hub based system, where several doors appear that require a certain amount of cubes to unlock.  What the game doesn’t tell you is that there are also several hidden Anti-Cubes.  The only reason I discovered this was because I was looking at achievement descriptions and found one which just read “RTRTLTRTRTLTLTLT.”  I input the code in the game and I ended up getting one of these cubes.  This is where I realized the whole point of Fez wasn’t the platforming, it was the meta aspect of the puzzle solving.I noticed there were a lot of symbols on walls and looked online to see if they were just decoration or if there was any meaning to them.  I soon realized that there was a whole alphabet, numeral scheme, and even symbols that represent button controls (a good guide for this is here).  I wrote these down and tried to decode what I could as I played.  I found a few more anti-cubes, and unlocked a lot more areas, before I beat the game.  But yet, the shadow of the gameplay hung over me.  The platforming feels slow, with “pull-up” animations taking forever, and jumps feeling floaty and imprecise.  I usually love hub-based areas, but the warp-gates (usually located at the end of a branch of levels) are few and far between.  In fact, there are so many different ‘levels’ that a fast travel system would have been much appreciated.  There were many times that I wanted to jump to a different level in a separate branch but had to progress backwards three or four levels just to get back to the hub world.This game is great fun if you love cryptography and puzzle solving.  Not only are there button codes to enter, but also QR codes to find, as well as (perhaps my most favorite) special areas that vibrate certain sides of the controller to hint at the button code you need to enter.  The die-hard Fez fandom spent months decoding secrets in the game, and if you don’t use a walkthrough on your first playthrough you will probably have entire worlds left unexplored.  However, most people will buy this game expecting a platformer with cool art, but the staleness of the gameplay will leave them disappointed."
,Recommended,224760,22390115,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Baby Driver,One word for each aspect of this game.Story - Interesting.Characters - Cute.Gameplay - Excellent.Immersion - Fantastic.Environment - Beautiful.Graphics - Simple.Sound - Awesome.Music - Great.Overall - Extraordinary.
,Not Recommended,224760,12255351,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,nifboy,"Fez is secretly two games.One of those games is a mediocre puzzle-platformer, where you rotate your view to ""move"" platforms around and do a couple other gimmicky things with the ability. In particular, getting around the map is a complete chore, even with the assorted teleporters floating around.The other game is a series of obscure hidden riddles, one of which was so fiendish the community had to solve it by brute force rather than by ""solving"" the puzzle. Like many collections of riddles, it is completely and utterly trivialised by modern conveniences like Wikis and GameFAQs. The solutions are typically controller codes you punch in to receive your prize.Neither game I think is very good."
,Not Recommended,224760,7750406,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,FoffleWaffle,"Glitchy, random crashes, very convoluted puzzle system. Overhyped by the movie."
,Recommended,224760,12322911,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Toxic League,"My first experience with Fez was through watching Indie Game: The Movie. That movie prompted me to add the game to my wishlist and ultimately purchase during a Steam sale. It played exactly like the movie promoted matching what I had envisioned, yet the game ended up being quite a bit deeper than I anticipated with a plethora of doors and warp gates in which I ultimately got lost trying to maneuver through. There are also a lot of extra secrets and ciphers which aren't necessary to complete the game, but are rewarding if you spend the extra time to discover them. And that ultimately sums up Fez--you get out of it what you put into it. That's an aspect I wish more games offered."
76561197961349661,Not Recommended,224760,9277913,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Kawaii Thomas,"Hipter♥♥♥♥♥♥ it's okay to play it for a little bit, but you'll have seen and done everything this game has to offer LONG LOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOOONG before you finish it.  The end point is collecting 32 cubes, you get a cube by collecting bits of cube.  That's the whole game.  It's like Gone Home but replace examining stuff with jumping puzzles.  Awful map layout so you get lost easy, and when you want to find your way back, it's a giant trainwreck to figure your way out, or teleport your way back with no indicator of where you're going.  GOOD JOB YOU ♥♥♥♥IN HIPSTER"
,Recommended,224760,23899677,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,tallestrose,"Short answer: this is a masterpiece.Long answer: it is sad that most people would turn down this amazing experience just because they care much more about the hate they feel towards its developer, whose opinions and points of view got taken way out of context by the media. Those people miss an excellent opportunity to be immersed in an unique platformer whose environment is breathtaking and truly puzzling. I'm so happy I discovered this work of art and I would do anything to make its sequel see the light of day. But I guess good things come in small packages, and Fez offers more than enough."
,Recommended,224760,25313729,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,Legalize Ranch,"I played this game for about 30 minutes and then got bored.Flash forward to a couple years later on a particularly boring day.  I think, 'Hey, I might as well play something. Let's look at some of my older games.""I picked up Fez and was playing it until around 3 in the morning. DO NOT GIVE UP ON THIS GAME.Once you realize how genius it really is, you'll find yourself not stopping. I reccomend having a friend (in my case a sibling) play along with you because talking out loud with someone makes puzzles much easier to solve. Which by the way is the best feeling ever.After having beat the game and new game plus, I can easily say this one of my top ten favorite games of all time. Get it now."
,Recommended,224760,24748900,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Nate Bauer,"What a great game! As a casual game, this game did everything right. The puzzles were interesting, the visuals were stunning, the gameplay was fluid, and the experience was grand. I'm blown away this was designed by such a small team. Really wish a sequel would have been made."
,Recommended,224760,24156826,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Jake Chudnow :P,"STEPS TO PLAYING THE GAME FEZ:1. Download2. Play3. Get Fez4. Find Cube Bits and Cubes5. Find Anti-cube6. Try to find every secret in a room and fail7. Get angry8. Delete9. Repeat--------------------------------------------------Aside from all that, this game is an exceptional game! I love the graphics, and it brings me back to the time I first found out about platformer games!I would definetely recommend this game, and I would enjoy seeing a (possible) sequel/prequel relating to one of the pictures on the wall in the first village.Seriously, did someone else destroy the hexahedron before?............ ...... ... ...Anyways, good game!P.S. If Steam had a 1-10 rating platform, I would give it an 11."
76561198110941136,Recommended,224760,30306556,Posted: 3 March,all,NerfBat,"Come back for FEZ 2, Mr. Fish!Please?"
,Recommended,224760,17351055,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,SarcasticJaw,An amazing puzzle game with a lot of mechanics that make it really fun to play. When i played this game i felt like i was playing a piece of art. This is one of my favorite games of all time. It's a must buy.
,Not Recommended,224760,13480003,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Trillo,"I heard a lot of hype about this game, but unfortunately, it's not for me. I just get bored quickly and find it difficult to enjoy. The level rotation is a cool gimmick for the first 10 minutes but after that the game feels very repetetive.The pixel art's nice though :P"
,Not Recommended,224760,12208874,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,管野直枝,"This is a visually interesting game, but unfortunately it's also aimless and unexciting.  Ultimately, its a gimmicky game without an appealing gimmick.It turns out that the person who made this game is a gormless little turd, but I assure you that this fact had nothing to do with my negative review."
,Recommended,224760,13443970,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,LockeProposal,"+ Charming design and overall personality to the game+ Incredible, amazing retro soundtrack+ Simple, non-frustrating respawn system+ Wealth of excellent sound-effects+ The mix of 3D and 2D works in an absolutely seamless manner- Puzzles are occasionally a bit too obscure- Travelling often includes backtracking, but there is no quick-travel mechanic; this gets old extremely quicklyLockeProposal's Big Day OutCommunity GroupCurator PageSerious Steam Reviews subReddit"
,Recommended,224760,34299514,Posted: 16 August,all,Lexuskillerx03,"Despite of the developer decision, this is just a masterpieceI hate to see every single person who just hates this game because ""they don't like the developer"" or because its too hard and they couldn't solve the puzzles. Just take the time you need. There's many secrets that will keep you for hours thinking and thinking.FEZ shows how challenging a game can be and made me remember these old and amazing games where you had to find it all for yourself while really getting stressed and desperated (in a good way). No DLC, no bullsh*t, just a masterpiece.I recommend this game? Absolutely yes, but not to everyone.This 2,3,4 dimensional game can be amazing IF you are looking for a challenge and you love to solve puzzles for hours and hours or if you love an artistic experience where, but I can't recommend this to you if you get tired easily, because in my opinion this game is intended to be played the right way, solving every single and hard puzzle that it challenges to u.MY final score: 64/64PS: A M A Z I N G  S O U N D T R A C K"
76561198224064056,Recommended,224760,23147406,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Indie Trash,"I'm gonna start this review off by saying this game is not for everyone. Some people might find this game too hard or challenging. Some people might not like puzzle games. So if you might be one of those people, then you probably won't like this game.Now then, let me start off this review by saying, HOLY FLIPPING CHEESE NUTS IS THIS GAME GOOD. I mean, it won awards for a reason you know. The puzzles in this game will drive you insane, in a good way. This game is so hard that there is one puzzle that has NEVER BEEN SOLVED. I had to look up a walkthrough to finish this game, and if you are thinking of giving up, I strongly encourage you not to until you are absoloutly stuck.If the puzzles weren't enough to make you want to spend all your money to buy you and all your friends this gem of a game, you should know that the visuals are FRICKIN AMAZING LOOKING and that whoever worked on this game should have screenshots of FEZ put up in an art museum or sold for billions at auctions.Then there are the game mechanics. And yeah, jumping and pushing switches is cool, but JESUS CHRIST CAN YOU BELIEVE NAVIGATING A 2D GAME IN 3D. IT WORKS SO DANG WELL. This kind of platforming is only spoken about in legend you guys it's amazingAnd now for the plot, yeah I know what you're thinking. How can such a simple platformer have a plot? And to that I must say, ARE YOU SERIOUS BRO, IN THIS GAME YOU CANCOLLECT THE BROKEN PARTS OF A GIANT HEXEHEDRON WHO SPEAKS A DIFFERENT LANGUAGEYOU CANCOMPREHEND THE MEANING OF THE UNIVERSEHECK YOU CAN EVENTRANSLATE A BOOK FULL OF HAIKUS FROM DEAD ALIENS WHO BUILT STAR GATES AND SHRINES ON FLOATING ISLANDS ON TOP OF THE CLOUDSThen there is the music. If the fact that this game's OST was developed by Disasterpiece wasn't enough to make you want to spend $ 7.00 so you can play it to yourself while you need creative inspiration. I have to say this soundtrack IS LIKE HAVING A SYMPHONY OF PIXELATED ANGELS SING INTO YOUR EARS.In all seriousness guys, this game had me hooked for a long time, and I just couldn't think about anything else until I finished it. You may not love this game as much as I do, but just know that when I first started playing this game, I grew bored with it, until I started to understand what was happening, then I loved it. I strongly urge you to give this game a try, and I hope if you are reading this review you are moved to buy it.10/10Plus you get a sweet looking hat"
76561197996524160,Not Recommended,224760,13085059,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Dawkins,"It's not bad, but it's definitely overrated and repetitive.Great mechanics and deep hand crafted world, then they forget to put any fun in it.Dificulty keeps rising (not that much) through the game, but you stay exactly the same, and the rewards are just macguffins that add nothing to the gameplay."
,Recommended,224760,28128683,"Posted: 1 December, 2016",all,The Terrarian Pancat,"Gotta say, wow...When I saw this game, wasn't too interested.When I started to play it, oh my gosh.This game is AMAZING.I love rotating the camera to climb up towers, solve puzzles...AND DON'T GET ME STARTED ON THE MUSIC.My main problem with the game is:Puzzles are a LITTLE BIT HARD, you need to know the language to them.I'd say 9.5/10 game. Would reccomend to people that like the feeling of solving hard puzzles."
,Recommended,224760,4324457,"Posted: 2 August, 2013",all,Gunderson Mallard,"Another quaint puzzle platformer that takes a revisionist lens to the retro games of a bygone era. I'm sure everyone's tired of them. But, you should get over it and play Fez. I can't imagine why you haven't already. You've seen all the praise right? Well if you are holding back from playing Fez to look cool, or because you hate Phil Fish, really, you are only hurting yourself.If you have an ounce of interest in puzzles or platformers, or puzzle platformers, congratulations! You should own this, you should play it and figure everything out. The aesthetics are exremely well done, but i'm not going to dwell on them. Fez's key mechanic is perspective shifting. You are a 2D character that can  rotate which face of a 3D world you are on. I am not going to pretend this mechanic is brand new (Ortho comes to mind, though there is probably an older example), but it is done extremely well and makes for some very interesting puzzles. On top of the dizzying perspective switching, there is also a whole language you have to learn to solve some of the puzzles.The ending is also one of the most beautiful things i've seen and the new game plus features one of the best punch lines out there. It is an unforgettable game that is bursting with charm, challenge, and some other praise that starts with 'ch'."
,Recommended,224760,22727772,"Posted: 30 April, 2016",all,Forstride,"I'll start off by saying that FEZ is sort of a love/hate game.  It's definitely not for everyone, but I still think it's worth trying out.To get the bad out of the way, there are quite a few extremely, EXTREMELY cryptic puzzles in the game.  I won't lie, I resorted to using guides for most of them, as I lack the patience for this kind of stuff, but if you're someone who refuses to use guides, prepare to get a pen and paper, and put on your thinking cap.  Some of the puzzles just feel overly cryptic, and you have to do a lot of brainstorming, experimenting, and trial and error to solve them.That's honestly my only real complaint with the game.  The world and art style of the game are very charming and nostalgic in a way, and the soundtrack is amazing.  The 3D world rotation mechanic that the game is built around works well, and is very fun to play around with.If you're a fan of puzzle platformers, I'd highly recommend the game."
,Recommended,224760,25024682,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,AncientPancakes,"Welcome back readers. Today, I'll be taking a look at FEZ, a nifty little puzzle platformer.At first glance, FEZ may look a bit like your basic, textbook, retro platformer. However, just like a crunchy horse egg hides its delicious contents inside the shell, FEZ is hiding a few dynamic differences that seperates itself from the others. The most obvious of these is FEZ's most CRITICAL mechanic; rotating the screen. This distinct ability turns a simple 2-D world into a juicier 2-D world with 4 different perspectives. It is very similar to an aspring chef learning that pepperonis, which he once thought to be a very bland meat, can be topped upon a delcious PIZZA, making an entirely new combination. This is a game changer folks.Throughout your FEZ journey you will attempt to locate 32 GOLDEN power cubes. In order to do this you will be required to utilize the perspective changing rotation ability to traverse through the world. I found this style of gameplay to be enjoyable and unique. The platforming, the puzzles, the style, the music, ALL of this impressed me quite a bit. Very fun, very juicy.There are times when the game seemed a little overwhelming to me. I would enter a new area only to find 4 different paths to take, and then even 4 more waiting for me in the next area! Imagine yourself eating a delicious, chunky cheese enchilada and before you can finish eating it, another is set down on your plate. My preference of exploring everything before moving on was severely tested, but you will, eventually, find the end of a path and you can begin backtracking and completing the entire section, so all is well.The other part of the game is where FEZ turns from a tried and true apple pie crust recipe into an unusual and seldomly-seen bacon and cheese macaroni bowl. In order to find the 32 Anti-Cubes scattered throughout the FEZ world, you have to complete hidden tasks that are hinted at with symbols, visual cues, and even sounds. If you want to complete everything without using a guide, you'll have to learn to decipher the game's hidden languages and you'll be writing stuff down on papers outside the game. It is a very unique experience that is not for everyone, but as someone who has never played something like this before, I found myself oddly enthralled by it just like when I tried the Seaside Shrimp Trio for the first time at the Red Lobster.For those looking for a puzzle platformer with a unique spin, FEZ is a great pick. But if you go even deeper into it, you may find that you enjoy the BRUTALLY challenging scavenger hunt that FEZ offers for those that try to collect the Anti-Cubes. Both sections of the game are one-handed windmill dunks if you ask me.I award FEZ the official title of ""Baboon Chieftain"". Thank you for reading this review."
76561197994775969,Recommended,224760,31144672,Posted: 14 April,all,Prototype,"I played this game completely 3 times, got every achievement and was spending so many hours to get things done.Thanks to a hint i that i got by a friend, i managed to solve all the puzzles.There are just two things to say about this game:1. It is probably the best platformer game that i've ever played and it is an really amazing game2. If you want to get every achievement, good luck ;:D(it is easy to get into the game, but solving every puzzle is VERY difficult and needs alot of thinking if you try to do so without the help of the internet)5/5 stars ! Best platformer game ever"
,Recommended,224760,24283598,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,Privat3man,OUT-STAND-ING !!! 10/10
,Not Recommended,224760,20533280,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,Dunkelschwamm,"I Really Wanted To Enjoy ThisI want to start by saying that none of the following has anything to do with the people who created it, gaming politics, or the delays that plagued this game before its release.  I don't care about any of that.  I just wanted to review this game based on my experiences with it and that's what I'm going to do.Things that I likedThe gimmick is a great, creative idea.The idea that you have a somewhat traditional 2d side-scrolling platformer game where you can rotate the camera 90 degrees to abuse third dimensional space from a second dimensional prespective is genius.  To that end, the game is loaded with all sorts of fun ways to use this gimmick in a way that just feels good.  Many of the puzzles are well thought out, and the more challenging ones really do make the player feel smart for having mastered this new perspective.The gameplay feels really good.One of the best parts of this game is the player's mobility.  You can run, jump, climb, hang off of ledges, shimmy around ledges, pick things up, throw things, turn wheels with the perspective shift, and shift perspective in mid jump.  All of this feels really good and makes the gameplay smooth.  Nothing feels terribly floaty and the camera borders and jump height/distance were never an issue.The graphics are nice to look at.This was one of the things that really got me wanting to play the game in the first place.  The game has great color schemes in every area, dynamic skies that change based on your elevation in a level, and creatively decorated tilesets.  Most environments are littered with animated NPC wildlife who frolick despite the player's intrusions and the game just has a ton of character in its art style.  Things look especially good when the pixel art is translated to voxel art during the brief moments where the world rotates to a new perspective.The game is mostly laid back, allowing you to take things in at your own pace.FEZ allows the player to explore the world with little limitation other than occasional gates which require collected items before the player can pass.  Many of the best finds in the game are shortcuts which make traversing areas much faster.  Death is also rarely an issue and will usually only put the player back on the last static platform they were standing on, making the game relatively low stakes.Things that I didn't like so muchThe game is very glitchyI'm not going to act like we should expect an experimental style of game like this to be devoid of any kinds of bugs or glitches.  However, this game has bugs and glitches often enough that it really does become distracting.  Not only this, but during some segments where the game actually finally grows a difficulty with stakes I'll often find myself sent to the beginning of the segment due to glitches caused by moving platforms, the perspective shifting feature, or interactive elements that decide to start propelling the player in odd directions once they're touched.  More than once this also rendered a segment unbeatable, requiring me to restart the area or the game.  This also prompted at least one rage quit after being repeatedly sent to the beginning of a timed platforming segment due to glitchy platforms.The game drags in areas that it really shouldn'tThis is really upsetting to me.  One of the biggest draws for getting this game is getting to explore a colorful, populated, fascinating pixel world packed to the brim with lots of character.  And most of the time the game fulfills that!  However, I often find myself spending lots of time travelling through very samey looking environments in a particular area which offer multiple versions of the same puzzle (which sometimes waaay overstay their welcome, such as during a particular sewer segment or another segment with invisible platforms).  During these parts of the game I found myself extremely bored with no idea how long I would be stuck scouring the area until I could deem it completed so I could move on.  Perhaps it would have been better for me to leave the area once it got boring and come back later, but then that would have meant that I would need to spend time...BacktrackingIn a Metroidvania style game backtracking is a given.  However, this isn't a Metroidvania style game.  What makes backtracking work in those games is that the environments that you backtrack through are transformed by the player's new abilities (ie; a pit of lava with a monster in it may be deadly at first, but with an ice beam the monster becomes a platform).  FEZ does none of this.  So far as I know the player never actually gets any new powers and spends the entire game with the same set of platforming skills.  The unique things that he can do are contextual to the level and can't really be taken backwards through the game.  Instead, backtracking is just a matter of finding a key or object which acts like a key and then checking your map to route the fastest way to jump through familiar environments back to the door you need to open.  It makes parts of the game that were once fun and interesting stale.  It isn't playing through the levels with new eyes, it's just repeating the same gameplay in a way that feels like a waste of time.As a whole, FEZ is a flawed execution of a lot of good ideas.  The platforming is smooth, but is marred by glitches which can ruin the flow.  The concept is great, but the novelty wears off fast through repetitve backtracking and multiple versions of samey puzzles.  The graphics are great but the real gems are spread out through giant mazes of platforming puzzles which look nearly identical to the ones before them.  The game is frustrating for the thought of what it could have been if time were spent polishing it rather than constantly trying to build upon it.  It has its moments, but they're spaced out by monotonous and occasionally frustrating space inbetween.  The sloppiness of its execution brings to mind the genius concepts and lackluster execution of Flash browser games from the mid 2000's.I would value this game at anywhere between $4.00 to $6.00 USD if you're really curious about it.  There's certainly moments that can make the game worth your money, but overall it works best as a time waster.  Feels like it would work so much better on mobile than on computers so a player could whip out their phone between classes and make incremental progress.Ratings:Gameplay: 6/10Graphics: 8/10Audio: 6/10Polish: 4/10Design: 5/10I can't recommend it myself.  There's certainly elements here that have tons of potential but I don't see that they're given proper opportunity to shine."
,Recommended,224760,32899892,Posted: 27 June,all,tk0121,"Don't be fooled by the 16-bit graphics-style.  This game is overflowing with charm and is unbelievely dense and immerssive.  Although sprawling and largely a game of exploration, there are some fairly dense and meta-gameplay elements and some difficult puzzles.  When played to completion, this can be one of the most enjoyable and rewarding games.  BUT:  Resist the urge to look up cheats; don't ruin the experience!"
76561198063116291,Recommended,224760,24383024,"Posted: 17 July, 2016",all,neverritt,"FEZ is a short, cute, imaginative experience that is a must-play from the indie game catalogue.Platforming and puzzles are made unique by the ability to rotate perspective. I found the puzzles to vary from ""pretty clever"" to ""just Google it."" My favorite puzzle type depended on moving blocks to create different shapes based on the perspective. Unfortunately, many of FEZ's puzzles are solved by inputting a code sequence based on the ingame alphabet, an overdone solution that started creatively and became monotonous.The soundtrack succeeds in creating a relaxing setting. It varies between techno and DnB, though bits remind me of the happy soundtrack from Minecraft produced by C418. Most likely, the sound is intended to fit with the nostalgia factor, as there are several references to the Legend of Zelda.Despite what you may think of Phil Fish, he polished this game past the typical standard of indie, retro titles. The platforming feels right, the music fits the pretty environments, and the unique mechanic of rotation sets it apart from not only platformers, but games that don't try anything new. The amount of work put into this is obvious."
,Recommended,224760,23062374,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,Bryanleo,"FEZ is a fantastic game with a sense of whimsy that's rarely seen in modern platformers. Decoding the puzzles and related items is both fun and challenging, and while I didn't manage to 100% complete the game, attempting to do so was wonderful.The music, by Disasterpiece, is catchy, memorable, and just plain great. I highly recommend this game to those who like to explore, platform their way through themed areas and levels, and search for rewards in unexpected places."
76561197990324404,Recommended,224760,31588179,Posted: 6 May,all,Pistol*Pete,"PROS: - Amazing, original puzzle platformer- Awesome music- Can get a lot of hours out of this gameCONS: - The map gets very convoluted.- Travel system is not the best.- Puzzles are solvable but lets face it, most people won't have thepatience to solve them without a walkthrough.OVERALL: An amazing gaming experience. A big thumbs up from me."
,Recommended,224760,28554637,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,Frontbum ♥,this game is by far my favorite platformer ever.  poor philly did one dickish thing and now he got ♥♥♥♥ed :'c but dang did he make one amazing game
76561198116492961,Recommended,224760,16311472,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Tarfun,"I can't reccomend this game enough, the soundtrack, the level design, all is amazing! After watching the 'Indie game: the movie' movie i entered this world with a new light and it was MAGICAL!But all kidding aside this game which, appearing quite childish, has a deepness that makes the world almost beleivable... if you beleive in fez's that is.Pros:-Cool game perspective-GREAT music-Fun level design-Emotional story-Fun as hell gameCons:-No Fez 2 yet.Buy it!"
,Recommended,224760,31330079,Posted: 23 April,all,The Ambiguous Sod,"Bloomin' brilliant! Hidden treasure really, didn't get the credit it deserved till it started getting awards. Don't like the lack of being able to travel quickly (I can't figure out how to fast travel using the warp gates for s***) but I'm aware the possibiliity is there so won't let it penalise my review.Great game, no petty combat system to get consumed in and the puzzles are simple enough, yet hard enough to keep you interested. They're not tedious so it's not like you give up quickly.There's not too much narrative to get consumed in but enough there so you don't feel alone, a bigger or more in-depth story could make things more interting but the simplicity of the game is what makes it interesting so I could be wrong.Lot's that could be added to the game but it really isn't needed."
76561198215782747,Recommended,224760,31703493,Posted: 12 May,all,AnIllegalPanda,"Just the right amount of challenge needed to complete the game.  For those who want the real difficulty though, try to go past 100%.  Some of the puzzles in this game are so mind numbingly hard that it might take a real genious to get it all on your own. 10/10 would recomend playing."
,Recommended,224760,28174215,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,Dravvad,"FEZ is a joyous platforming experience that adds some unique usage of perspective and dimension. The overall story is definitely weird and something I cannot get into in-depth. But in any case, you wake up and find some powers that allow you to explore the 2D world by turning in into 2.5D/3D by rotating the areas around by 90 degrees at a time. From that point forward, the entire game is exploring areas, learning some insane puzzles, finding collectibles, and coming to a very confusing endpoint.This game is very unique and one that I would tell anybody who hasn't played it to give it a try. I think it's one game that would fit many audience groups and isn't just stuck to a small group of people. Platformers are types of games for anybody, and you are adding in manipulation of the world while you move around!The graphics style of FEZ is interesting, though some people complain of the pixelation. I understand that it definitely gets weird at places, but I think it allows for the stylistic changes it does in the world areas, such as the sewers. The audio of FEZ is simple and relaxing, though I can't say I remember anything standout despite just playing the game in the past couple of days.Making your progress through the game requires immense exploration and puzzle solving. I would say about 75% of the puzzle solving does not require anything extensive, however - just some tricky platforming and logic. The other 25% requires a bit more work, such as understanding the alphabet of the game, or any puzzles that deal with symbols.The only puzzle I have to say I simply hate is the QR code being in the game in a couple of places. It is definitely stupid for them to put that there, in my opinion, though some people seemed to like it. I just don't think bringing your phone in should be something necessary - it's not doing anything special by wanting you to download an app and scan something. It's not a puzzle. It's meaningless work.FEZ is definitely relaxing to play. The areas are unique to explore. There's lot of questions that will come to your mind, and while not everything is answered, it's nice to think about this world and its strangeness. I felt great satisfaction when resolving many of the puzzles, and not much gave me frustration at all, which is very rare for a game. What I mean by that is usually a game is simply ""too easy"" or ""too hard"" - you'll usually feel anger or boredom, but not just accomplishment by itself. This game has that accomplishment.I never thought I would feel so much happiness from running around rooms and solving puzzles for collectibles. But that happened."
,Recommended,224760,16451359,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,ShyGuyShayan,"It should have been called  ""A Matter of Perspective"""
76561198043961247,Recommended,224760,30813283,Posted: 29 March,all,ATAN,"Fez is an amazing platformer/puzzler centered around the unique ability to shift between four 3-dimensional planes within a 2-dimensional space. The game follows Gomez on his quest to restore order to his shattered world.Fez is one of the few games I have 100% completion on for a reason. The dimension-shifting ability is just so fun and interesting to play with, I was never bored even when stuck on a particular puzzle. It's been a long time since I've played a game that made it so compelling to actually collect all of the collectibles.The other standout feature of Fez is its art. The pixel-graphics are gorgeously detailed and the world was meticulously crafted so each realm you visited would feel like it belonged.I whole-heartedly recommend you checking out Fez as it truly is one of the greatest platformer/puzzlers I've ever had the experience of playing."
,Recommended,224760,28699158,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Reshi,"Fez is an heavy puzzler game where you, Gomez and your almighty hat, have to swap sides in the world in order to see the unseen of the same world. Your goal is to collect wonderfull yellow cubes, anti-cubes, artifacts, etc. It uses a 16-bit era graphic style 2d, bundled with 3d rotation effects. This is one of the true masterpiece in terms of hardcore puzzle IF you don't use any guides or video to help you out. It uses a unique language that you will need to decode, either from an alphabet, a tetris move language, an audio sound puzzle, or from simple basics.11/10 would have headache again."
,Recommended,224760,21380587,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,FancyEpicGaming,"Date: 2/21/16Review Number: 23Game: FEZFrom (Creator Publisher): Trapdoor/PolyTronPlayed On: LaptopSteam Price as of Review: $9.99Total Time played: 60 Minutes (and sad to not be able to play more)Review:Today’s game of the day is FEZ, a sort of puzzle platformer with the twist of using 3d thinking in a 2d world.  Now I know, and indeed have played and enjoyed, many other games in this genre, things like monument valley and the like are a staple of my mobile gaming as well, so I am no stranger to the genre of dimensional movement in games, but FEZ still managed to keep me entertained in a way that most of those other games do not.  First, the game manages to maintain a cohesive and interesting storyline while breaking down puzzles into logical pieces without interrupting the flow.  The rotation of the character in the 3d space is seamless and lends itself perfectly to puzzles, making the game easy to learn without sacrificing the potential for extremely difficult puzzles.  The graphics are absolutely gorgeous for pixelated 2d sprites, and the 3d vectorized graphics do not detract from the overall feel of the game, nor do they feel out of place in the world.  The sound design is fantastic, and though the keyboard controls are a bit odd, they are easy enough to get used to, and using the steam controller makes things even easier.Now I admit to being a sucker for retro gaming, so games like this already have a solid place in my heart, FEZ, however, kept me entertained in a way that many retro games currently do not.  The gameplay mechanic was interesting enough, and the concept strong enough that I honestly had to stop myself at the 60 minute timer.  I fully intend to go back to playing this once I’m done writing here; this will probably be my spare time quick play game for a while.  I cannot recommend this enough.  Buy Buy Buy!Game’s Fate: Kept. Will go back and play more after posting.  Will probably continue to play and play and play.Buy/No Buy: The most delightful Indie game I’ve played in forever, and indeed one of the most interesting platformers i've played so far in my reviews.  Buy and play, like right now. Stop reading and buy."
76561198121131349,Not Recommended,224760,9007160,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,Tomernater101:),doesnt work what the hell! just spazy screen
,Not Recommended,224760,31509311,Posted: 2 May,all,99,Sadly not something that interests me and many people I have asked who've played it. It is very samy and slow and the overall feel isn't satisfying. Just not my cup o' tea.
,Recommended,224760,8138241,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Mirkwood,"One of my favourite gaming experiences in recent times. On the surface it's an incredibly pleasant exploration/collection game with some puzzles and platforming. The huge size of the world alone satisfies me; I love to lose myself in FEZ. The game is beautiful to look at and the aesthetic is perfect for my tastes. The soundtrack is also really lovely, and gels perfectly with the visuals.If you look deeper though, it gets deeper. There are languages and codes to decipher, remarkable hidden worlds and cryptic, world-size puzzles to wrap your head around. Not to mention a surprisingly dense and interesting backstory to uncover.Lots of people dislike this game because its creator, Phil Fish, is a bit of a ♥♥♥♥. But I think it's silly to let that stop us enjoying his work. Don't let this game's development drama and backstory lead to preconceptions. Like most games it’s not perfect, but it's very polished and there is a lot of attention to detail. A huge amount of passion went into this game, and it really comes through.Even though the environments are predominately very pleasant, with bright blue skies and luscious greenery, Gomez wanders through the immense world outside his village alone. The outer worlds are almost completely void of sentient life, without even enemies to keep him company. Despite the mostly inviting landscapes, I find myself feeling an almost petrifying sense of loneliness and emptiness as I explore the world and uncover just how strange it is. This loneliness only adds to the feeling of size and vastness the game's world has.That loneliness, I think, also amplifies the great satisfaction you feel when you figure out one of the harder puzzles in the game, for example one of the coded languages. Unless you are a genius however, you WILL eventually have to Google a couple of solutions at some point, if you want to 100% it. (Which is actually 209.4% according to the game.)Beautiful, creepy, sometimes very clever, and above all... Immensely charming. I ♥♥♥♥ing love this game."
76561198118443512,Recommended,224760,22259011,"Posted: 5 April, 2016",all,THORS-HAMMR,"overall great game, its just a shame that the creator is a d*ck"
,Recommended,224760,23743946,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,MacroEido,"Screw the Phil Fish haters, this is an awesome and challenging game with many hours of secrets and puzzles (some still unsolved) that should be in everyone's collection."
76561198028049202,Recommended,224760,10752958,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Kupo Games,"I love Fez.It's got such a strong atmosphere to it. You just want to go out and explore the world, and some of the visual effects will blow your mind.I feel bad that some of the puzzles are so cryptic that I'll never be able to solve them, but I guess those add a lot to the mysterious atmosphere of the game."
,Recommended,224760,14260575,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,menfrinjinson,he wears a little hat
,Not Recommended,224760,13350487,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,Issyth,FEZ has more style than gameplay.  Not terrible.  Looks nice.  Sweet atmosphere.  Kind of boring.
,Not Recommended,224760,2380757,"Posted: 23 July, 2013",all,𝑡𝑦𝑙𝑒𝑟 ☂,♥♥♥♥ this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t
,Recommended,224760,29378332,Posted: 20 January,all,NishiLion,It's a 3D platformer that's 2D. That's the key to this game and it makes it so worthwhile to solve the puzzles. The characters are cute and there are plenty of things to do on the side of solving the main puzzle.Easy 100%8.5/10 Mexican Jews???
,Not Recommended,224760,6073637,"Posted: 27 September, 2013",all,unprecedented amounts of clout,http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=bG6b3V2MNxQ
76561198147446219,Recommended,224760,31317095,Posted: 23 April,all,Chocdevil,"Alround amazing game. It is a brilliant classic that kept me locked in at all times with its creative puzzles, beautiful landscapes and countless secrets. 10/10 would play again :3."
,Recommended,224760,8476752,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Portponky,"Play as a hat guy in a wonderful 2d world that spins around. The first thing you will notice about this game (other than the absurd level of polish) is that playing as a hat guy in a wonderful 2d world that spins around is kind of annoying and not really a good thing to make a game out of. It's still okay, but really, get VVVVVV instead because that's a better game in every single way."
76561198158228118,Recommended,224760,30825338,Posted: 29 March,all,hoffarth14,"If you're searching for a game that you'll never forget playing and fall in love with, then look no further."
,Recommended,224760,9799947,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,%20&amp;%20,basically a valve ripoff where you wear a hat and jump through portals
,Not Recommended,224760,11216974,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,BootySnatch,This game needs distinct levels. I have no clue where I am or where I should be going in it.
76561198097051096,Not Recommended,224760,10465520,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Holysauce,"Difficult to understand, little replay value, no point in playing."
,Not Recommended,224760,513055,"Posted: 29 July, 2013",all,BatmanX,Do not buy this game. Creator is an♥♥♥♥♥  Wish I would not have purchased it.
,Not Recommended,224760,10876741,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Wildpants,This game sucksDon't support Phil Fish-1000000000/10
,Not Recommended,224760,30870136,Posted: 1 April,all,Burn,"Fez is all about beautiful bright colored pixel art and great retro-ish music, but unfortunately the gameplay is boring. The 3D in 2D twist gets stale quite quickly ... exploring, collecting and solving puzzles is fine but it's centered all around this 2D/3D trick, which can't carry the whole game. This is just my opinion, I'm glad that this game had the success it had, it's just not my kind of game.http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=866641757"
,Recommended,224760,10479429,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,ςaѕнew aka SaladBoi,I've bought this game AT LEAST 5 times. One of my favourite games!
76561198314709912,Recommended,224760,23760191,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,suestrikes77,Great game... but its irritating when u have little space to jump and u just drop down.....it can be fustrating..but still not bad
,Recommended,224760,1215904,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,Corben,"What a great game! Kept simple on the one hand, it is quite sophisticated on the other hand. A 2D platformer in a 3D world, using change of perspective to resolve puzzles. But there are also a lot of other types of puzzles. An alien language to decipher, using QR codes to get further and so on.Even after completing the game for the first time, there is still a lot more to discover."
,Recommended,224760,15489139,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,StrangerYann,"Beautiful and intricate game, though I felt some of the riddles were a bit far-fetched and impossible to solve on one's own, it's definitely a game that one should have played."
,Recommended,224760,31479309,Posted: 30 April,all,sonn,Damn masterpiece.
76561197993045857,Recommended,224760,8294300,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,LordPando,"This game is really simple.But simple in the right way! A simple innovation in a consolidated gameplay will open a new dimention in how you can approach problems and puzzles. Secrets can be slightly frustrating btw.Neverthless, it has one of the best cost/ratio I've ever seen."
,Recommended,224760,29370536,Posted: 19 January,all,Octuplex,"A puzzle game where new mechanics are never added, you just grow to understand what you've already seen. Also it's really good."
,Recommended,224760,26916239,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Latemus,"The depth of this game blew my mind. At first I thought his was just a simple puzzle platformer. 10 hour later I have a notebook full of incoherent notes and conclusions and I'm trying to decrypt something I'm not even sure was ment to be deecrypted. I lost my sleep, I lost my sanity, I lost some of my notes. However it was worth it, when I finally understood. Many reviews that are bashing this game have not clearly given it enough time, or have not noticed it's real puzzles. In addition, I really liked the aesthetics, music and worldbuilding. Would recommend for patient puzzle lovers, who do not fear to write paper notes."
76561198085343836,Recommended,224760,20355688,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,KWIN,"Very complex game (there are many many many ...cubes (yellow little cubes, yellow big cubes, blue little cubes...cubes everywhere !!!)). There's so much to do in this game and somethimes you have to do the research over and over until you find the right solution.Goal for 2016: Finish this game :D"
,Recommended,224760,16277434,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Chrommanito,One of the best platformer in gaming history created by one of the dickiest person in gaming history
,Not Recommended,224760,5980716,"Posted: 22 August, 2013",all,Lain,Has a nice concept/designthe dev is an a$$hole tho6/10 because it's a puzzle game with no real challenges + deaths have no consequences.
,Recommended,224760,7897492,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Terminator,Great game!! I love those puzzles!
,Recommended,224760,4666329,"Posted: 13 July, 2013",all,retroid,"A beautifully crafted platformer with serene atmosphere created by one of the biggest♥♥♥♥♥♥♥of the video gaming industry, Phil Fish. Ignore its creator, and simply enjoy what he has created. An enjoyable venture of 2D platforming with a 3D twist. While I would recommend buying the game, perhaps pirating it will prove to Phil that attitude will not win over the consumer's money."
,Recommended,224760,16740098,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Galseth,The unique game mechanic makes it worth it. Every room is a new challenge and it keeps engaging the player till the end of the game. The only problem with this game is that if you want to get every secret you will have to check online for an answer because the problems range from very basic to having to have someone reverse engineer the .exe to find out.Overall it was a good experience and the story is interesting enough to have you thinking about the meaning of the game. However if you get frustrated by some secrets and do not accept that you are not going to find the answer with ease without checking online this is not the game for you. I do not mean this is a constant thing and you will have to scroll down a walkthrough as you play the game but i had to check every 15-20m of gameplay everytime i did not know what to do to unlock a secret.
76561198122656243,Recommended,224760,31444699,Posted: 29 April,all,BIGGER BOOT,"This is not a game for those who give up easily.This is one of the best purchases I have ever made on steam. It has beautiful scenery, challenging puzzles, and an element of mystery to it. It's soundtrack is pretty and fits the game well and I have very few quarrels with the game.Pros:-Good soundtrack-Fun, challenging, and satisfying puzzles-Beautiful, colorful scenery-You aren't spoon-fed how to solve anything-If you are looking for a challenging game that gives you a lot to do, this is perfect.Cons:-One particular puzzle in mind, is stupid. literally a waste of time. You need to wait at a clocktower until the hands of the clock reach specific times. Worst puzzle of the game.-Sometimes backtracking can get tedious-The cube that follows you around doesn't do anything useful.In all, an overall phenomenal game that has a couple flaws, but it remains my favorite steam game because of its involvement and atmosphere that it creates."
,Recommended,224760,11458816,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,951Jimbo,"Fez is surprising - its a really good Indie game.I think a lot of gamers have gotten worn out with all the Indie titles out there.  So many are literally half-done, half-thought-out, just bad games.  And that's sort of the point.  Its an indie game, it doesn't have to be good, someone just has to want to publish it.But Fez IS good.  I think it is one of the games that pushed the indie game market to what it is now.When I first started playing I was initially unimpressed.  I only bought the game after watching the Indie Game Movie and wanting to give it a shot.  but at first glance it was rough.  Two things, 1: plug in an xBox controller.  The PC controls are counter-intuitive.  2: don't judge the graphics until you've unlocked the 3d mode, they improve significantly.Its hard to describe but the world just has a polished nice feel and atmosphere.  I almost feel like I am in a Nintendo game because everything is put together so well.So I definitely recommend this one; and that is special because platformers rarely win my approval.UPDATE Nov 23 2014:  I've unlocked a majority of the game, but now I have trouble navigating to the areas that still need to be unlocked.  I really like the game but I'm frusturated that I may not see the ending because I'm just not very skilled in platformers."
,Recommended,224760,10467161,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Quixotastic,"I thought I wanted to play this game, but I didn't because it seemed like it might not be worth the price. Current me really wants past me to want to play it more than past me does so he buys it now and starts spreading the good news before now."
,Recommended,224760,15099451,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,theRGTgamer,"This game is incredible. Please ignore the issues sorruounding it's creator as they are not worth focusing on when there is an incredible game behind it all. This game is a one-of-a-kind original piece of art, that is the only way to discribe it. This is a puzzle game which is enough to turn many people away but it has an amazing twist to it: 'Dimension bending' as I like to call it (Althought they probably have an offical name for it). 'Dimension bending' is extreemle difficult to explain and I recomend that you watch a video of some gamplay of FEZ to see how it works. The art style is a beutiful modernised 8 bit which makes me never want to stop looking at it. As a result of the simplistic, yet amazing, graphics, the game runs easily on most system and is loved by many because of this. The sound track for this game is truley mesmorising. It has been created in such a way that it really feels like it belongs in the world that FEZ is set in. You can get a good few hours out of this game (I have not yet completed it on this acount, I have on my other) and is well worth the £7 (Or your equivelant) which is being Charged. In summary, this game is a masterpiece, something which will hopefully inspire amazing games in the future, which diserves credit. Sadly I say that the developer deserves credit for making this (Although I know he is a prick). You as the potential purchaser have a choice: buy an amazing game and don't buy a few pacets of sweets as a subsitute or don't buy it and leave without an amazing 10 or so hours of your life."
76561197966074683,Recommended,224760,26082355,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Keyboard Cat,"(GTX 750 TI with 3.4 Ghz.) I saw the indie movie and the developer looks like he really gave it all when developing this game. Sucks that people really have it out for the guy, he seems very passionate about his work. I consider myself an 80's gamer and grew up on Atari, Colecovision and old PC games. And raised on the the whole 8bit and 16 bit revolution. I kinda stopped playing for a while. Just bored with new games and grown-up work. I have since jumped back in trying to find old games to replay or new games with a retro vibe. I was blown away with Fez within the first few minutes. The beginning alone was worth the price of the game to me! I can't wait find free time and keep playing the game! I feel like I'm 16 again!"
,Recommended,224760,8759912,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Dancho,"Fez is an independent game exclusively for the XBOX LIVE ARCADE, until pleas from fans from 26 countires wanted this beloved game to be on the pc. And fianlly here it is. Fez, for pc, mac, and linux.Fez is a twist to the puzzle, and strategy genre. It Incorporates 3D mechanics, where you can see in more than three different perspectives. To change your perspective in the game itself, the player simply needs to press the A and D buttons alternately. It's simple, and great fun, to see the whole world of Fez in a cube sized manner.Story: The story of Fez revolves around the protagonist Gomez (Mexican?) who one day was foretold a prophecy from the elder of his village. Gomez is a 2D character who seems to live in a 2D world. Until an artifact of great power and sentient artifact revealed to him a third, mysterious dimension!!Gameplay: Fez, approximately takes up to 20 hour to over 100 hours campaign, if your'e bad with puzzles. Actually if you hate puzzles, don't buy this game at all. The world of Fez is in 2D, but you can play in 3D perspectives. Each world has 4 sides. You, as the player can freely rotate in 90 degree increments between these perspectives. This way, you will be able to navigate yourslef around this lush and colorful world discovering treasures and artifacts!! The whole purpose of the game is to discover and unearth treasure!Uniqueness: Fez is a game where there is no bosses, no enemies, no combat. In fact, there is no violence at all in the whole game. You can die, but there are no penalties given, and you will respawn at the nearest spawn checkpoint. Fez aims to be a non-threatening world filled with ambiance and life, which makes it a unique game to spend some time in.Pros: Fez has an amazing soundtrack which throughly compliments the game, and immerses you deeper in the puzzle genre. Sometimes I find myself listening to the soundtrack than actually playing the game. If you have a baby of any gender, I recommend you turn this soundtrack on and help them lsiten to it. There are no boundaries, unlike many platform/puzzle games. You can explore any world, of any kind, in any order you want. The world map is very well manufactured, following the 3D mechanics in-game.Cons: The game itself at times becomes to be a sort of a rage game, and a time consuming puzzle you can never be able to pass. The game lacks hints, therefore makes the player stuck on a single puzzle for hours. The gaeme can be seen in more than 3 perspectives, which gives you more opportunites to break your brain. When I went through more thsn 50 hours of gameplay, I felt extremely brain-fried int he process.If you have been playing games for a while, you might have noticed there's a change on how games are made. Not just in visual fidelity, or story telling depth, but in how the way it entertains. Fez doesn't have a clear story, but that's the point of it. Games used to do much little, and Fez remembers why this made games great. It burrows ideas from a long gone era, and mashes them together with original ideas. Therefore it reinvents the oldest as well as beloved gaming genres.This is truly a 8-bit game of the future. Fez is all about hip-hop platforming, but that's not the reason it's special. This is a super smart puzzle game which traverses beyond the usual boundaries of puzzle games. It makes you think, which many games have ceased or lacked to do for a very long time.Overall, I give this game a 9.5/10. Fez is a one of a kind game, which makes man gamers rethink the puzzle/strategy genre. It has smart levels, rotating levels, outstanding art work, and finally but not least, a fun and creative world to explore. You will love it, if you are patient that is."
,Recommended,224760,1670193,"Posted: 25 September, 2013",all,phoenix_advance,"Surprising. Very, VERY surprising. I’ve been quite skeptical about FEZ because I generally haven’t appreciated any Indie platformers. In fact when I started this game, I was almost so certain to call it a disaster blaming the fact that Phil had wasted too much time on the pixel art rather than the gameplay. And I also had this feeling I was going to have an Arkham City type of debate with sauce, because it’s always enjoyable seeing him rage a bit ;PBut no, this game is genuinely worth playing. If you ever enjoyed playing Prince of Persia (on MS-DOS), The Legend of Zelda: Link’s Awakening (on Gameboy) and Tetris (also on Gameboy) with a dash of the infamous Rubik’s Cube (amazingly I solved that after losing the instructions as a kid) then as sauce would say, “You owe it to yourself to buy this game.” … for old times’ sake.The gameplay is very basic, it follows in the classical “Find the Cheese” that some of the very old games use to implement as a way to aid developers by marking waypoints. For example finding the cheese in Perfect Dark on N64. In this case you need to find cube fragments.What I really found surprising was the game engine itself. Essentially I’m pretty sure the world is 3D. But you only have 4 side perspectives of the world. It’s easy to figure out, but I have no idea how Phil Fish or Renaud Bédard pieced all the puzzles and level designs together. Because it would be a mind ♥♥♥♥ to program as platforms from 1 side can interchangeably connect to 2 other sides.I also found the world map fascinating. Initially it looks really messy. But after a few rotations it makes sense and the legends are clearly marked. The learning curve for the usability of this game is incredibly fast and easy to understand. Bonus points for that.The ending was just astonishing. I highly recommend watching Indie Game: The Movie before attempting to finish this game otherwise you won’t understand the ending (which I reckon is a connection to Phil Fish’s childhood).I haven’t quite finished the game yet. I’ve done 113% which is the base game. But I think you can go to 200% but it’s mainly finding anti-cubes (which are harder to find than normal cubes) I suspect there’ll be some sort of secret unlock once that’s done. I’d say this is purely for replayability and ya know what, it works …"
,Recommended,224760,9187139,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Cooleocool15,"This is a fantastic game!!! Switching dimension and the way you can cheat phisics with a 2D perspective make for an extremely fun, but also difficult, puzzler."
76561198002031079,Recommended,224760,8753660,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Akuma,قصة اللعبة ورسم اللعبة والغاز اللعبة كلها جميلةخطفت قلبي :$
,Recommended,224760,8515053,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Morrigen,"This game is the best game I have EVER played. And I'm a 90's kid. I have played a TON of games. I absolutely loved it. From the hilarious Dot to having to learn a whole other language. This game was challenging and interesting. Absolutely clever and brilliant. If you haven't played this game yet, you seriously don't know what you're missing!"
,Recommended,224760,25212724,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,BeansHalberstam,"Incredibly fun game, I swear i'll finish it one day. Phil might be pretentious, but at least his game delivers."
,Recommended,224760,13845779,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,WWWWWWW,"Absolutely one of the best indie gameThere's no main story or a steam to follow, just exploring a graph-maze map divided indimensionsdivided in 2Drooms; but you have the ability to make 3D rotation and play with the perspective.The map is vast and you can finish the game without having explored it entirely.The old-school-like graphic is very well-designed and the music is astonishing!!!It's aniche gamebut I extremely recommend it for everyone.The game is a nice reference to Doctor WhoBuy it and you will never regret it!"
,Recommended,224760,20782523,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,yandexx,"This is an incredible puzzle platformer game with the bestest music, and you should play it."
,Recommended,224760,20778060,"Posted: 26 January, 2016",all,FezMaster,"This is one of the most amazing games I have ever played. If you like puzzle games, this is for you."
,Recommended,224760,21099825,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,ichik,"Gomez wakes up on a sunny day and leaves the house to receive an important letter that’s about to change his life. Who is Gomez? He’s a weird-looking blob of white pixels living in a colorful flat world of neon green platforms hanging across the cyan sky. The message in the mailbox asks you to meet one-eyed Geezer at the top of the village. That meeting is going to change the life of the protagonist in a most peculiar way. Gomez will receive a fez. The red hat isn’t just an exotic accessory. It allows you to manipulate the world by rotating it sideways. And of course you don’t just receive it: getting ahold of such a powerful artifact is accompanied by the appearance of a giant golden hexahedron spewing cyphered messages at you, tearing the space-time continuum and “resetting” the game.You wake up once again and go out of the familiar house. At first glance — nearly nothing’s changed. Villagers still wander around minding their own 2D business, but you know you can see more, can reach places you couldn’t reach before. And that will help you on your quest that your newest Zelda-referencing flying companion, four-dimensional hypercube named Dot tells you about. Collect the cubes. Open the doors. Save the world… perhaps?Fez rightfully assumes that for now all you need is more of that gorgeous scenery. It was enough for the game to receive two IGF awards despite being still in development both times. And it is in its right being so confident about its looks. Visual styles so distinctive and appealing don’t appear every day. It’s retro and modern at the same time, a lovechild of technological experimentation multiplied by childhood nostalgia. It took its creator Phil Fish more than five years to build a game around the initial trixel idea, which makes you wonder just how much of that time has been spent scraping the work results and redoing stuff all over again. That doesn’t save you from having game-breaking bugs in the final product, but it nearly guarantees having a puzzle so difficult, that it took the community a whole year to crack it “properly”.The mystery of the black monolith was initially brute-forced by collective online effort. But of course that solution was far from satisfying to say the least. Uncovering the logic behind the artifact that was not so easy to discover in the first place would be a proper way. There was no shortage of fourth-wall breaking hints before with QR codes, pop-culture references and messages encoded in binary with the star patterns of first “regular” ending. Fez teases you, challenges you to solve it; the game gives you the deciphering key to its baffling coded messages with a visual representation of a famous pangram.There was no shortage of theories surrounding an obvious 2001: A Space Odyssey reference, but the reasoning behind it was elusive. Much like the original Clarke's black monolith its counterpart from the game’s gotten its share of explanations, but still stayed unfathomable. Maybe it was its meaning — that we can’t have all the answers. Or maybe it was the ultimate prank of Phil Fish, who managed to keep a three-dimensional nature of the game a secret when it was unveiled in 2007 at TIGSource. In 2008 when the rotating mechanic became known the second cryptic part of the game remained undisclosed. One can only imagine what it takes to keep your mouth shut for so long and not hint it even once.Your perception of Fez shifts and rotates much like you do within the game world. A slow relaxation of a starting zone gives way to some underlying mystery; then you’re distracted from that with some really smart puzzles that don’t even seem like puzzles at first glance. Finally, when (if) you get through all of this, you get to see the fourth side of the cube. And it blows your mind. These transitions are subtle. You can’t really put your finger on what’s changed at first (except for the big final development). And is that really a change? Maybe it’s just a look from a different angle, a perspective alteration revealing content that was always there, but you were too distracted to notice it. Just to prove this point Fez doesn’t really reward you with anything. It just starts anew leaving you with nothing more than a buzz in your head from all those riddles and suspicious hints to a bigger story.Supposedly some of them were meant to be picked up in a sequel, but we aren’t getting it anytime soon. Well, time to rotate that cube again then. Maybe there’s something on the side that you’ve missed?"
,Recommended,224760,7879175,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Sam,Great game but the levels sometimes feel like the same thing.
,Recommended,224760,26725218,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,BoomChuck,"A masterpiece and a classic. Chill enough for kids, and worth it just for the atmosphere and music alone."
,Recommended,224760,1547308,"Posted: 2 June, 2013",all,noibn,"Before I begin, let's get something out of the way - yes, you have probably heard that the game's designer, Phil Fish, is some kind of egotistical crazy ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ (or something along those lines)... Regardless of whether that is true or not, don't let it deter you from playing this game. All that extraneous stuff aside, FEZ, as a game, is the real deal.You play as Gomez, a little dude who lives a nice peaceful life in a 2D world. That is, until about 5 minutes into the game, when he is given a gift - the titular fez - which opens up a whole new world to him. Literally. The fez allows Gomez to rotate his 2D world at any time, to reveal the previously unseen 3rd dimension. For example, there may be a platform that is too far away to jump to, but rotating the world 90 degrees shifts the perspective such that the platform appears to be much closer. You can then jump to it and rotate the world back to where it was, or in any of the other 3 directions. This is the most basic example of the gameplay, but it's also just the beginning. The sheer number of cool ways this one simple mechanic alone has an effect on puzzle-solving and exploration is amazing. It's just really fun to explore and figure things out. Your main goal is to collect a series of special cubes, which are scattered throughout a pretty large world. Some cubes are found intact, but others require collecting smaller cube bits first to create a full cube. That's really all there is to the game. But just saying it that way is a disservice. The puzzles you have to solve to find all these cubes range from simple to - forgive the pun - truly outside-the-box. This is because there is more going on in FEZ than appears on the surface. A major part of solving the game's mysteries involves figuring out various codes outside of the game itself (such as deciphering the number system and alphabet, scanning QR codes, and more). So not only will you need a controller to play this game, but a pad and pencil as well. The game can be completed without finding all of the cubes (and actually has to be the first time through), but in order to get the most out of it, a little bit of extra effort is needed... though I suppose you could also just look up the solutions to some of the more effort-intensive puzzles online. I wouldn't blame you. There were only a few things that brought the game down for me a little bit. The big one was the confusing and mostly ineffectual map. The game world is huge, like really huge, and is connected by a crazy number of doors. It was very difficult to keep track of where you are and how to get somewhere else. And while there is a sort of quick-travel system available, it wasn't really implemented well. The map screen is also overly complicated and buggy. Finally, some of the puzzles I felt stepped a little too far in terms of either their obscure solutions or plain tediousness. But aside from these few minor missteps, FEZ is very much worth playing, especially if you are into platformers, retro-looking graphics, solving codes/mysteries, or games that involve collecting things. Oh, and the music is pretty amazing too. All in all, FEZ is a pretty outstanding game, and well-deserving of all the accolades it has received.Final Grade: A-Technical notes: You are definitely going to want to play this game using an Xbox360 controller, or equivalent. It was designed to be played with a controller and I can't even imagine how it could even work well otherwise. Some puzzles even require having a controller to figure out. So, just something to keep in mind."
,Not Recommended,224760,11812813,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Traderman,Phil fish is an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. he thinks you are an entitled gamer who doesn't deserve anything from him. this guy needs to fall off the face of the planet and never be heard from in the gaming community again
,Not Recommended,224760,12113514,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Jojojojo,"4/10I went in loving this game.  Everything about it.  But...I'm not going to finish it.  There are too many secrets, complicated puzzles, and I will have to spend too much time reading walkthroughs to this game rather than actually experiencing it.  That leaves a huge hole in the appreciation I do have for it's graphics, music and mechanics.The game demands too much from me and I am willing to risk missing out on whatever reward FEZ has to offer.  Also, I am giving a 4/10 partly because of how the game is marketed versus what it really is.TLDR: Too much work, not enough entertainment."
,Not Recommended,224760,25476477,"Posted: 12 September, 2016",all,Simon_says,"It's very pretty, and I can appreciate the complexity of the puzzles that took people years to saolve and the detailed lore. But the platforming isn't enough to sustain my interest, and the deeper elements feel like a chore. I can't be bothered to back track through the pointlessly over-artisitic map to find every little cube, nor do I want to have a desk full of scrap paper just to read the game's other-language instructions. Just not for me I suppose."
,Recommended,224760,10842699,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,ownosourus,"Fez is a marvel of a game. Rotating its 2D world on the third axis transforms what would otherwise be a forgettable platformer into an instant classic. Paired with smart and satisfying puzzles, Fez provides hours of entertainment at a budget price. It is disappointing that PC controls and additional content come up short but the quality is unquestionable.The sum of Fez’s intelligent level designs, perception mechanic, massive number of stages and secrets, and incredible art is so much more than just a shout-out to old-school gaming. There’s a touch of brilliance to this game. You feel the incentive to play on, because solving a puzzle unlocks a new door and you enter into another uncharted and mysterious world. I love the music and the retro-style, pixelized art. Fez harks back to 2D classics, so if you’re anything like me, nostalgia should kick in almost instantly.It’s a charming, charismatic adventure that will leave you with a smile across your face for the duration of your play."
,Recommended,224760,12955307,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Cryptic_Bagman,"Allow me to start this off by saying that, while I do recommend this game, I did not personally enjoy it myself. While I'd consider myself to be an avid fan of puzzle games, this one just didn't seem to click with me. The first hour or so were very enjoyable for me, as I quite enjoyed the mechanic of being able to change the perspective of the game itself. It allows for some very interesting and honestly diffiult challenges. However, my main problem with the game is that there seems to be no sense of direction. From the moment you acquire the ability to spin the world, the game then says, ""There you go, now find these things. Good luck!"" This, for many people, may be seen as a good thing. It gives off an intense feeling of, for lack of a better word, ADVENTURE. For me however, I found the world too confusing to navigate and far too large to keep track of. Nitpicking aside, this game has great pixel art, it's really quite astonishing how beautiful the game looks at times. The world-shifting mechanic works perfectly, providing an intense feeling of accomplishment when a puzzle is solved. There are ""warp gates"" at the ends of areas to help you find you way back to the closest hub-world. Sprinkled throughout the areas are secret zones that provide extreme challenges for these objects called anti-cubes. FEZ in a fantastic game, and if you'd like to go on an adventure where the only limits are set by your puzzle solving abilities; ten dollars is a steal.Now if only Phil Fish wasn't such an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥."
,Not Recommended,224760,13820259,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Meow,"FEZ was a game I wasn't sure what I was getting into, but it looked promising, and people praised it to high heaven. So, obviously, I was set up for failure to begin with. I was expecting a sort of 2/3D platforming adventure with collectathon elements as you go stage-by-stage to get things. What I got was a giant maze of madness, where the more you try to complete, the more there is to complete, and just feels like a massive mess of craziness.However, this is just my honest opinion. The perspective element is neat, and perhaps some would actually like the maze nature of the game, but to the average person, I can not suggest this game just because it's....messy, I feel. The game feels obviously thought out room-by-room, but not as a big picture (not the steam feature, silly). That's my quips with it. I didn't enjoy it much, but it's not really a bad game by any means.Just know it's maze-like."
,Recommended,224760,12644344,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,¯\_(ツ)_/¯,Very interesting concept and creativity. One of the most unique games out there.
,Not Recommended,224760,11472270,"Posted: 29 July, 2014",all,Sponge Platinum,"You've probably heard of FEZ. That it's a cool little Indie game that's 2D, but you can rotate it! Wow! You may also have noticed that it only has 12 achievements. An easy way to get a Perfect Game, right? Wrong.The rotational gimmick wears off pretty quickly. Puzzles that give almost no instruction at all may♥♥♥♥♥♥you off. The ones that require translating Tetris to English and scanning a QR code may annoy you. But the worst are the puzzles that require a detailed and competent guide to even complete. The game is not fun.tl;dr - the whole game is a tedious headache."
,Not Recommended,224760,13127279,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,FrozenSpector,"Buyer Beware - Steam version does not run with certain ATI/AMD and other graphics cards.I'd get a refund in an instant if I could. The hassle is not even worth the '75% off' sale I got it from. This is a shame too because I actually wanted to play this game. I tried the demo on Xbox 360 and really liked it; too bad Steam and developer support for this title is nonexistent. Seems like Phil phished me out of my time and money, but never again."
,Recommended,224760,10475283,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Securitron Model 2060-B,I got a headache because of this game... I love it
,Recommended,224760,8373201,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,(`･ω･´) Wurugai,"Being a big fan of Indie Game The Movie, I am really glad Phil Fish finished the game! Fez begins when a character by the name of Gomez finds a magical hat which allows him to see in 3 dimensions. A flying sphere named Dot tags along as they set out to repair the digital world, bit by bit. As they travel, they are accompanied by the amazingly moving ambient soundtrack (which has 8-bit influences), and encounter some of the most mystifying hidden secrets I have ever seen in a videogame. I was really that overwhelmed."
,Recommended,224760,8152706,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Innosin,"Fez is a very casual platformer with an adventure game feel. The game is pretty easy to finish and there are no enemies to fight, but there are also a lot of fun little secrets and puzzles for those who want to try collecting everything. Cute graphics with some nice variety between locations, great music, lots of fun."
,Recommended,224760,11529268,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,englitcrit,"There is so much more to this game than what you see on the surface.I really had no idea what this game was about when I first got it. I don't think I even read the reviews. But it was on sale, so I got it. This game is so, SO much more than a platformer. As a matter of fact, there isn't even anything to fight. You run around, switch between dimensions...every single ""world"" (I'm calling them worlds...they're more like floating islands, only accessed by doors from other floating islands) is a puzzle in itself. It's relaxing yet challenging at the same time...relaxing for the lack of any immediate threat (and how forgiving it is...drop from a platform and die, and you reappear one second later), challenging because of the puzzle-solving and the dangers of misusing doors (which I will explain below). I get a sense of pride every time I swap dimensions and I'm positioned perfectly to climb higher up the tower.But this game does have a drawback. So...WARNING. I made the mistake of attending college while playing this game, so I had to take a break from it. Having separated myself from the game, it's nearly impossible to get back into it. It's pretty unforgiving as far as door-venturing is concerned. Maybe I don't pay quite enough attention to the little window that shows what's on the already-explored island. I have no way to re-orient myself and get back into the game without that gosh-darn cube telling me I'm tearing holes in the universe or something. This is dangerous stuff. Seriously.Anyway. I don't know what you're waiting for. Buy the damn game. Love it. Don't abandon it, even for a couple of weeks. You'll regret having done so."
,Recommended,224760,7858997,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Shadix,"As a 210%-er, I've basically seen everything this game has to offer.You can call Phil a♥♥♥♥♥♥if you want, but that will not change the fact that Fez has some amazing quality to it.You can beat this game just by simply exploring, thats for your 100%. Great if you're looking for some eye candy.Then, if you wanna step your game up, solve most of the puzzles, that'll get you to 200%. This is where the bulk of the game time comes in.THEN, if you suffer from OCD or are just a completionist, you can go for broke and make your brain cry from tension to get that last 10% to get you to the sum total. This will really test your intelligence, infact there is one puzzle that hasn't been solved by anyone yet.Honestly, this game was one of the most beautiful 15 dollars (I went for the soundtrack to, also very good) I've spent this year."
76561198035595681,Recommended,224760,8352862,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Agent Zero,Game is great...has xbox controler keys set up though and doesnt show you pc ones.
,Recommended,224760,10704858,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,lightseqer,"This is an awesome game!Smart puzzles, every element in the game has meaning, well designed visually.But the biggest innovation is the brilliant transition between 2D & 3D worlds.It's very evident that the game was well thought trough.I became aware of this game after watching 'Indie Game: The Movie'.I highly recommend playing this gameand also supporting the indie developers."
,Recommended,224760,8522004,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,The Best Submarine,"I don't know if Phil Fish stopped being awful, but FEZ is one of the best platformers I've ever played."
,Recommended,224760,24316073,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,benster_ninja,"even though by the time of this review i am not finished with the game i still like the way the developers used 2.5D to make it into a story that is exciting and funny. it is a bit hard but eventually you might get used to it and finish the game and say "" I did it yes"".in a nutshell if i were to rate it from 1 to 10 i would say 8 bacause it is a bit difficult but when you do find out how to do you are proud of yourself and feel happy.P.S sorry for the spelling errors"
,Recommended,224760,7871746,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Buttcramp,"So like, for £2 i dont care about the drama with the developer it's made me so cheerful it's disgusting :-D"
,Recommended,224760,13190880,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Rong Rong,"A brilliant and beatifully crafted masterpiece gone to waste in the hand of the original ""twisted in the head"" creator.This review is not going to be about Phil Fish, or how am I going to rant about how fu cked up he is. This review is going to be about the game that he made, a masterpiece that he crafted and sadly would be his last one.Where do I begin with FEZ  ? It's a game that breaks the boundary (like literally) of the gaming world. You control a 2d sprite to navigate through a world of 2d sprites. However... the world itself is not a 2d world, it's a 3D shifting and keep changing world. It's hard to explain unless you play the game.At first I was mindblown, by how new and brilliant this concept is. It is really beautfiul and I have lots of goosebumps the first time playing it. It is not your average 2d game, it's not your average 3d game however. It is between that, uhh.. I dunno what to call it but lets just call it 2.5D game.The world was beautifully crafted and there are always more than one way to approach a stage, shifting views, up , down, left, right, you can even move from your start point straight to the finish line if you shift the world in the right way.I can't really say much else other than how new this concept is, I am hoping to see more games in the future to adapt this. Other than that ,10/10 -  A gem in the gaming history and probably will be the marker of future games.0/10 - for the selfish creator. ♥♥♥♥♥ ew Phil Fish."
,Recommended,224760,1230325,"Posted: 9 June, 2013",all,Jimmy McNulty,Another indie game that leaves me with a lot of challenging questions. What's with that funny hat? Why would you make a game in 3D that people can only play in 2D? Why do these people talk in Chinese? Can the artist draw something that isn't a Tetris block? Why is the game called Fez? Whoo like this crap?
,Recommended,224760,4281610,"Posted: 6 August, 2013",all,Light Slave,Platforming Redefined. Period.
,Recommended,224760,11934048,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,⛧Ｋ４Ｙ２＄０⛧,"The Ending.The Proper Ending. That made the game. Why? The song, the visuals, it's the beste nding i've ever witnessed. I cried for 2 hours after the ending while i had the final song: Continuum playing. This game is the first that made me cry.Thank You, Phil Fish, Thank You."
76561198048227370,Recommended,224760,29146372,Posted: 9 January,all,Sigourney Weiner,"Amazing game, takes a while, but it's fun the whole time."
76561198029192965,Recommended,224760,14305967,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Chonony,An excellent puzzle game if you ignore the fact that the creator is a pretentious jerk.
,Recommended,224760,7880348,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Capii,Totally worth the weight!
,Recommended,224760,3082971,"Posted: 1 June, 2013",all,Nick Fish,"Other than the fact that the developer is an awful person, and there are a few porting issues with this version, it's pretty alright. The most major issues have to do with backtracking, uneven difficulty and the terrible map system. I give it a meh out of eh."
,Recommended,224760,6256790,"Posted: 25 September, 2013",all,XXXCAUCASIAN,"Allright. Everything that 2D platformers of the NES-SNES era did right, FEZ does it to god-tier levels. First off, a magical fez and finding cubes is quite possibly the best idea i've seen in a video game. But the 3-D puzzle solving is great. Awesome indie game. What any game of its kind should look up to."
,Recommended,224760,368400,"Posted: 27 May, 2013",all,zerofiftyone,"This game man... This game.Fez is about exploration and atmosphere; but most of all it's about secrets. If you ever get around to playing this, try and remain unspoiled and don't look up anything about the game. Discovering how the game works or overhearing little details about what happens is tantamount to having the plot spoiled for a film before you've watched it.It's not something that will appeal to everyone, but it's possibly my favourite game of the year so far."
76561198034508661,Recommended,224760,10350255,"Posted: 4 June, 2014",all,molotov21forever,"More than just a unique platformer, FEZ has elements of puzzle-solving and cryptography. Despite the many bugs that cause the game to crash periodically, I would definitely recommend this game to people who like to explore their games thoroughly."
,Recommended,224760,3585966,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,Vicious Vice,"Wow! Just Wow. The hype I have to say doesn't even begin to do it justice. The game is a sandbox world of platforming and puzzling. You get lost in its seemingly endless door/gate world/tower/universe traveling/walking. The music is perfect. The art is stunning and the puzzles unique. I know I still have much left to play but I had to write this recommendation. The guy who made Fez might have gotten bad press, but his game is simply, a work of art. I personally feel its a travesty I waited this long to play it."
,Recommended,224760,16250597,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Space Cadet Wiz,"FEZ is probably my favorite game I have ever bought. From the minute I started, I was intrigued by Gomez's world and the 3D capabilities I would soon unlock. So far, I've played the game almost for three hours and I've barely scratched the surface. You will definitely get your moneys worth and hours of fun puzzle solving with it. You'll also enjoy ever little bit of FEZ's art and game style as you get further and further into the game.With the graphics in mind, though, I would highly recommend having the recommended graphics card installed in your computer. If not, the game will crash and ultimately destroy your graphics card, or worse, your computer. Otherwise, FEZ is a wonderful game and will entertain you for hours on end."
,Recommended,224760,16197190,"Posted: 4 June, 2015",all,HEALTH AND SAFETY OFFICER,This is very much a seek and destroy platforming game. Its cute and not without its challenges. No fun with friends options and kid friendly.
76561198111962665,Recommended,224760,15518505,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,elkchemical,"this game is a nice little escape from the high intensity of most games, good puzzle and maze type atmosphere, good anti-stress tool. i like it alot."
,Recommended,224760,4183082,"Posted: 1 May, 2013",all,Slushsoup,Very Relaxing. Highly recomend.
76561198066952933,Recommended,224760,13160114,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,The Red King,"Games. Remember when they were about something clever? Something other than gore, graphics, explosives, decapitations, unimportant side quests and open worlds. Don't worry. Most don't. FEZ does. Here is a message to all those who love character, soundtracks, challenge and immersion. FEZ is what you have been looking for.So the graphics are not realistic, but somehow this manages to be one of the prettiest games on the Steam Store; it's use of vibrant and breathtaking tones of colour makes the player ache for the sunsets and sunrises the game presents. And I haven't even touched on the gameplay. Before FEZ I never imagined a game so challenging and so mind bogglingly confusing could be so addictive... Oh and on the subject of addictiveness, the concept of a video game that passively forces the player to collect everything and to uncover all corners of the spider-web of the a map. This game is perhaps without fault. Apart from a black-hole glitch that meant I had to restart. My own personal Fez was thrown against a wall at that point. And perhaps the controls could be a tad easier, my fingers were fighting to see which was the dominant finger to open a chest. But these are minute problems in an otherwise innovative and goose-bump inducing title. Why on Gods Green Earth did a twitter argument stop a sequel being made... Now that makes me angry.9/10"
,Recommended,224760,11567127,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,ZORBURGER,"Fez is a game where you will need to put your thinking caps on. Fez is a complex puzzle game set in a expansive world with many secrets to find and areas to explore. You start off your journey with little to no explanation besides your name is Gomez, here's a fez, flip dimentions, find the cubes. A very simple concept. It gives the player freedom to progress as they choose and create their own route to the finish. Your playthrough can look completely different from my playthrough. What I could have done at the very start of my game could have been the last thing in your game. This is what makes Fez thrive. You aren't rushed, you have all the time in the world to figure out the solution to a puzzle. Nothing is in your way, not even enemies. There are no enemies to speak of in Fez. That isn't what the game is about. In fact, even falling down from a ledge puts you right back where you fell. Traditional gaming mechanics is not where the challange stems from in Fez. The challange is from finding all the cubes and figuring out how to obtain them. There are 32 golden cubes and 32 anti-cubes among many other secrets. It will take many hours for the average gamer to complete the game which requires 32 out of the 64 cubes. It will take much longer to complete for those who strive to get everytrhing in the game. A large portion of players wouldn't even get 100% if not for the grove of cheats online. You can't really blame the cheaters however, as Fez requires you to deciper a language made for the game. It is very interesting way to decode the language too! (The quick brown fox jumps over the lazy dog *cough* *cough*). All in all Fez is a really clever indie title that should not be overlooked by those who are into fun puzzlers with cool mechanics and an immersive environment."
,Recommended,224760,9607322,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Llamachamaboat,This game is beautiful and challenging. Even though I seem to get lost every 5 minutes I still enjoy the atmosphere and the creativeness of the world you are in. Really really fun! ...Where the hell am I?Sensory Overload/10
76561198055456894,Recommended,224760,10506952,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Jack,"Not as puzzly as I wanted, but fun animations and environments.  Good overall game."
,Recommended,224760,10988528,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Bibiki,"A really fantastic game! If you like puzzle games look no further. There are simplistic, but also highly, ridiculous and very complex puzzles to be conquered in the world of Fez. There is also a deep mening behind the ""story"". A story that tells a tale of infinity.The music is superb and suits the game perfect.For someone who loves puzzles like me, I could not give this game other than 10/10.Even if the creator(Phil Fish) is a big'ol nutjob, I can't deny that he sure as kitten knows how to make a game!"
76561198116743777,Recommended,224760,8496590,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Finnine,"This is my favourite game to come out in recent memory. Phil Fish may be a mutha licka, but his game is fantastic and well worth getting regardless of price. It's a collectathon platformer but  with a very unique one with a twist I cannot explain (Just watch the trailer) the gameplay is fun though the real star of the funky show is the atmosphere I spent hours just wondering around listening to the beautiful soundtrack by Disasterpiece (You should buy the soundtrack as well I hold a deep regret not doing so) In short this is a game where you soak in the world and art, not one with a large amount of challenges or puzzles (they are there but are mostly optional)Sit back enjoy a Baily's and play Fez. It's got the Funk.Rating: Baily's"
76561198171471507,Recommended,224760,15909721,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,kingburakku,"This reminds me a lot of the Nitrome games which I used to play a lot, I would highly recommend it to people who like platform games, it's a lot of fun. Personally I prefer the type of platform game like Mario where once you leave an area you're done with it and you can only go forward, so this kind of map structured place is a little disorienting and overwhelming but it's a lot of fun to explore."
76561198095409430,Recommended,224760,13222980,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Connieronniebasketball,"Okay, I have played this game for a while, which I admit is pretty lame at an initial glance. And, I will admit that the gold cube puzzles are second rate at best. They seem to utilize the mechanic to make an otherwise flaccid platforming experience a bit more cognitive. Maybe if there were things like time limits or some kind of punishment for poor efficiency, changing perspective too many times, the gold cube puzzles would offer more reward. The puzzles that do not truthfully require the use of the perspective mechanic, baring a select few, which are the anti-cube puzzles, offer the true meat of the game. If one wishes to simply 100% fez then it is as simple as prowling the web and finding the solution. But, if one gives Fez's cryptic puzzles the time and invests time as well in uncovering the basic language of these puzzles, which unfortunately offers no in-game reward besides their use in the future, one will find this game to be a thoroughly rewarding experience.Fez is a meta-game, is it as well executed as MGS2: NO. MGS2 is a true masterpiece, it is the standard for masterpiece. It is a game that has embedded its secrets into its very mechanics. From stun-locking Olga to speed shooting Fatman it is the definition of a true meta-game that requires the player to bend its rules in order to play it well. Fez is not a masterpiece. Fez 2 could have been if the mechanics and cryptography were coupled in a more integrated manner. But, it is an excellent stab at the idea especially when considering its more laid back thesis of concept.Fez demands time where as a game such as Shadow of the Colossus, MGS2, Super Meat Boy, SSBM, Demon Souls, Super Metroid, Catherine, Soul Caliber 1&2, and a few others, offer you the chance to give your time by making themselves accessible first and difficult later. An attempt at this is made by Fez in the controller cypher room, where your controller’s buttons are abstracted by teteronomes(?), but the attempt was half-hearted because most players will find themselves solving blue cube puzzles in new game plus, and this only takes the player out of the game. It makes the player feel like he is being called stupid, and to be blunt it is shoddy design and annoying.This is still an excellent game and a fun experience overall. It is a shame that a second one will never come out. THEY were really close to having something special with this idea. If they a found a way to make their cryptic stuff more accessible but just as challenging it would be a true achievement and possibly a seminal title. But, then again I cannot see a way to make to make something cryptic accessible. It seems like a contradiction, and I suppose figuring something like that out would be something great."
76561198048835560,Recommended,224760,10671315,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,凯特冥,"One of my most loved game! It really needs you to think, and the music is wonderful!"
76561198073924528,Recommended,224760,15202432,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Conscious_Corndog,"Pros:Beautiful art design. Whether or not you like pixel graphics, these pixel graphics are spectacular to look at. They give a retro feel to the game, but also seem new and fresh.Beautiful music and sound effects. The audio is an important part of the atmosphere of this game, so headphones are highly recommended.Unique gameplay. 2D platforming on 3D turning stages.Forgiving gameplay. Death is not punishing and easy to recover from.Large world map and many cryptic puzzles to solve. Each part of the map has its own style and personality, so exploring is fun and rewarding.The story of the world is mysterious, and discovering the many secrets of this game will entail looking at every detail.Cons:The game's mystery is centered around very cryptic messages scattered around the world written in a strange ancient language that you have to decode, using clues you can gather from around the world. This is an extremely involving process and may require several scans over already explored areas to gain the neccassary clues and tools, so I can imagine that many people (including myself) have taken a look at the many Fez guides online to get past the very difficult puzzles and find the most hidden items.Overall Review:Featured on Indie Game the Movie, this is by far one of the defining and most memorable games of the indie scene. Outside of my usual survival game favorites, Fez is probably my favorite indie game. Fez is definitely for those OCD gamers like myself that need to complete everything 100%, and even when that has been done, there are still many mysterious to be explored about the world of Fez."
76561198045397327,Recommended,224760,25082503,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Geri,Great casual game 4D...4 freaking D.. i dunno what to think about it except..AWESOME :D...you will love this game if you enjoy puzzles and classic side scrollers
76561198031285054,Recommended,224760,16428926,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Yamisquall,Really cool and relaxing puzzle game involving trying to see the world at the same time as a 2D flat world and a 3D world.
,Recommended,224760,9783677,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,trashmeister,"Fez is a well crafted game by Phil Fish that is a beautiful indie game with great controls from over the Xbox.PC Positives:PC has more patches because you had to pay for patches on Xbox.Great Controls for a PC port.Positives:Great gameplay.Awesome Engine (Trixel Engine..... I think)Great Mechanics.PC Negatives:Couldn't Find Any PC NegativesNegatives:Not a good story, for all that I have played.Overall 9/10"
,Recommended,224760,9033694,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,SirFalcon,The best Indie I have ever played! The capabilities of FEZ the 3d world!
,Recommended,224760,23791087,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,MangMister | wildcase.com,i really like this game but i feel like it can get a bit repetitive.i only have about an hour played but i still love it.9/10 IGN
,Recommended,224760,10475791,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Jazztronaut,"FEZ might look simple at first glance. Indeed, my own first impression, based on screenshots, videos and reviews, led me to believe FEZ was a simple platforming adventure. FEZ is, at its core, a platforming adventure, but it's one much bigger than you'd think before you take your first step.---FEZ is well paced. It places Gomez, the player character, in a vibrant 2 dimensional village detailed by crisp pixelated textures. All the environments you'll encounter throughout your adventure will be no less visually appealing. The attention to detail makes this world feel vast and alive. It has a pulse that makes you want to explore. Finding a way to the top of the village introduces the player to basic controls but once you're there, FEZ will introduce you to its signature mechanic; the world of FEZ isn't actually 2 dimensional at all.---FEZ is all about perspective. After the game lets you know that the world is actually 3 dimensional, Gomez will gain the ability to shift between and view all four sides of this 3 dimensional world via a magical fez. From this point on, FEZ continues to grow and give you interesting environmental puzzles to solve. Finding cubes, in order to open new areas, is your main objective. Things start out simple and usually only require a few points of 3 dimensional reference to find out exactly where you need to go to reach a specific point, but FEZ will introduce new environmental interactions to keep every puzzle feeling fresh. However, the best thing about FEZ has nothing to do with the physical puzzles.---In the mid to late game, you may start to get a few hints and notice some clues scattered in the world. You may even pick up a few odd interactive artifacts that might not mean much to you. This is when FEZ really starts to get deep. These background puzzles are all about mental solving power and they become so confusing right at the end, that they may even frustrate you a bit. I assure you, sticking these puzzles out and solving them personally really shows just how clever FEZ is. I spent 18 hours on FEZ to achieve 100% and 6 of those hours were spent revisiting old areas just trying to figure out exactly how to solve just one of the late game puzzles.---This world is big and from your first venture outside the walls of the village you will be able to see that. The detailed visuals in each new area are accompanied by an equally fitting soundtrack. Composed by artist Disasterpeace, the FEZ soundtrack feels like a playlist of dreamy chiptune classics with, in the same aspect of the gameplay, an added dimension of modern new age sounds. It's expertly crafted and only keeps you invested in the hopes to hear more good tunes (and you will!).---FEZ is worth its price tag. Even if you can't see it through to the end or even need some help in solving some of the more challenging puzzles this game has to offer, its atmosphere is worth every penny. Games are our way of exploring new and interesting worlds when we need a break from mundane tasks of life such as writing a review for a game. So pick up FEZ and go explore; I know its world will captivate you."
,Recommended,224760,7945159,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,darkleo,Pixel magic.
,Recommended,224760,4792468,"Posted: 7 May, 2013",all,DaAwesomeNerd,FEZ is a game that will mess with your mind! It is worth every penney!
76561198041270247,Recommended,224760,9629480,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,Neutra,"As far as FEZ is to be judged as a game, it's something of a rhinestone. It's a beautiful and carefully-crafted indie piece by any stretch, but it might just leave some players feeling hollow. It re-appropriates familiar dimension-breaking mechanics into a lax and elegant platformer that acts more as a means to facilitate world exploration rather than being at the core of the experience. FEZ invites you to take in the richness of detail in its 3D pixelated environments, and parsing its numerous subtleties is both rewarding and revealing of a greater, resonant mystique.As a game in the formal sense, it's somewhat lacking. As an interactive artwork, it's so much more. Mitch Dyer of IGN called it “a game in love with games”, and that's a good way to put it. It manages to capture the ethos of 8-Bit nostalgia, glimpses a hypothetical bridge between the 16- and 32-Bit eras, ties itself to concrete reality in ways games don't often do anymore, and eagerly cranes its head toward change in how works of this medium are conceived. All of this, however, will stand as the dividing point for who will and will not enjoy FEZ.It's an escape, sure, but I would gladly get lost in FEZ's wistful universe any day.And as an addendum, Rich Vreeland's compositional work for the game, reminiscent of Vangelis, makes me want to weep salty tears of joy every time I hear it."
76561198027435960,Recommended,224760,14630558,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Rowdy Cloudy,A testiment to seeing things through.
,Recommended,224760,7961837,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Farenly,"I recommend this game to the ones that love video-games. To the ones that love discovering and exploring. This game is a ♥♥♥♥ing piece of art. This game, like many other indie games, is made to be a personal experience. It is made to make you think about life, about games, about making video-games. I recommend you people watch Indie Game: The Movie, just to complement this masterpiece. Now, if you're still reading this. Go. Buy it."
,Recommended,224760,16110230,"Posted: 31 May, 2015",all,I'd Fuck a Bear,"One of my favorite games of all time. Great for anyone looking for a game with amazing atmosphere and music, along with pleasing visuals and head-scratching puzzles.Tenouttaten."
,Recommended,224760,16232588,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,AVIATO,The atomosphere of this game is what makes it truly special. 8/10
76561198066190791,Recommended,224760,16242499,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,dopilus,"Just because this game isn't for me, doesn't mean I wouldn't recommend it.It's a very well made game, and visually, you can't get much better. Great combination of retro and modern FX.Gripes:- The turning perspective function activated my motion sickness after about 20-30 minutes.- Requires Joy2Key to play on older controllers.- There's zero sense of direction. You just aimlessly wander around, hoping you haven't missed anything.- There's a story/narrative -- but just barely. So there's not much to motivate you and tie everything together.Having said that. It is a nice puzzler/platformer and with the right controller, and absence of nausea, this could make someone really happy. The puzzles themselves are very clever/original, and don't feel tedious at all. However, the layout is very random, and I'd only recommend this to people who singularly want to solve [pretty-looking] problems.>>> I know I'm in the minority as well, but it just didn't sync with my personal preference(s)."
,Recommended,224760,7873687,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Captain Chauncey,Great game. I love the platforming and puzzles which can be hard but rarely to the point of frustration. The graphics are superb (for a retro styled game) and the controls are tight. The attention to detail is amazing. I've nearly completed the game and was never once bored. The only thing thing that holds this game back from perfection is the frustrating map screen and the overwhelming size of the game world. It's a bit too easy to get lost and there are portals for faster travel but you really don't know where they go until you enter them.
76561198006529179,Recommended,224760,9074269,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Steve Bennett,"Fun game, tough puzzles, don't play drunk or your gonna have a bad time"
,Recommended,224760,1696368,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,ShamusAran,"This game will test your platforming skills, yes. But it will also test your abilities of logical thought, attention to detail, and oddly enough, cryptography.Want to know why? Buy FEZ."
76561198113121551,Recommended,224760,10733258,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,greatbigsquirrel,"This game is amazing and fun, the art is beautiful and the music is fantastic. I don't usually buy game soundtracks, but this is one case where I would. My only suggestion is to suck it up and use the game guide, or you will never get to 100% completion and get the super cool stuff you unlock for beating it with all 64 cubes."
,Recommended,224760,3595464,"Posted: 26 July, 2013",all,The DorkKnight,"Fez reminds me of a day at the spa, music is soothing, aethetics are wonderful, and there's a feeling of peace and harmony abounding. Also it feels like the creator was maybe a bit up their own butt with self-importance. It's a wonderful game, but some times it has a subtle feeling that it's just holding your hand because it doesn't trust you to be smarter. It's a very pretty and calming experience, but so is Trine 2."
76561198021701607,Recommended,224760,8259251,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Chug Life,"FEZ is a fun 2D world which you can actually rotate to see the entirety of each level. Rotating a level will create new paths you can navigate to progess through the map. The game is fun, albeit a bit complicated. It's one of those games you probably won't be able to finish without a guide - I know I wouldn't have been able. Overall, it's a fun game that's worth playing at least once."
,Recommended,224760,5184891,"Posted: 2 May, 2013",all,JustGau,"A piece of art! One of the top of my  MUST BUY list!!!!Marvelous art style on pixelart, very genious gameplay, great story and evironiments, everytime I play, I get a new surprise! =D"
76561198047062727,Recommended,224760,20944095,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Tom4600,The design and music in this game are worth the purchase alone.
,Recommended,224760,22006602,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Paradox,"Fez is a retro game. Fez is an indie game. Fez is a 2D platformer, yet all of these descriptions barely scratch the surface of what makes this game so great.This is a smart game. It is ingeniously designed and an absolute joy to play all the way through. I would highly recommend this game to anyone who enjoys very involved and challenging puzzles where the answers are not always clear. This game will ask of you not only your platforming skills and drive to explore, but also your ability to pay attention to small details and be able to break ciphers almost entirely on your own. I had to have a piece of paper beside me while I played so I could write down codes and keys to solving ciphers, but I found it to be extremely fun and rewarding. If you're not into that sort of stuff, this game may not be your thing.Each area is brilliantly designed, with visuals that are never an eyesore. Each zone has its own style and personality, and almost every room has a secret for an astute player. The soundtrack is always fitting, if not especially riveting, though I'm sure you'll find a track or two that you'll love. The game pays homage to classic games of the 8-bit era, with a few nuggets of nostalgia strewn here and there for you old Nintendo fans out there.Overall, Fez an exceptional game, though it is not without its flaws. I run a fairly powerful PC, surely powerful enough to run a visually simplistic game like Fez, yet I had problems with screen flikering, a stripe of glitchiness through the middle of my screen, and phantom graphics throughout my entire playthrough. It was bothersome, but I could ignore it. It's a fairly common problem from what I've read, and it can be solved easily, so just be aware. Some puzzles were genuinely difficult or frustrating, namely the clock tower anti-cubes and the infamous black monolith. You will almost certainly need a guide for these puzzles.Other than those relatively minor gripes, the game is fantastic. I'd recommend playing with a controller if possible, but the experience shouldn't be any worse if playing with a controller isn't possible. I'd give this game a final score of 9.5/10."
,Recommended,224760,19064668,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,コーヒー,"Bad-yet-charming graphics, and if you don't like them, the gameplay makes up for it."
,Recommended,224760,1377626,"Posted: 2 May, 2013",all,ActionBastard | 4loko,Buy this game. Play this game.
,Recommended,224760,2121646,"Posted: 6 June, 2013",all,Ingtavia,신선한 컨셉에 절묘한 레벨 디자인이 합쳐져 흠 잡을 데 없는 퍼즐 플랫포머. 이 게임의 유일한 결점이라면 제작자다.
,Recommended,224760,1021691,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,Nick,Super cool puzzle platformer.
76561198079586530,Recommended,224760,7972215,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,DingleDongg,♥♥♥♥ing awesome.
,Recommended,224760,8424899,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,I can't preTEND ANYmore,"Good, but my favourite PEZ was the apple flavour ones."
,Recommended,224760,6414451,"Posted: 3 May, 2013",all,ばななV3,"FEZ has one of the most unique aspect. The Puzzles are very fun, there's so much to explore. Beautiful art and Music as well. Especially the music."
,Recommended,224760,8248875,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,lovebug8778,"i really love this game. grapics are adorable., game play simple yet fun. the only problem i had was it lagged a bit on my PC. but all in all a very chill fun game!"
,Recommended,224760,8229576,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,zer0,This game is amazing.
76561198042838245,Recommended,224760,4882865,"Posted: 15 May, 2013",all,Magnus Rander,"Fez is an AMAZING 2D/3D platformer, that lets the player rotate the 2D platforms in a 3D fasion. this makes tons the possibility for tons of good and challenging puzzles.i cant recomend this game enough. thank you Phil Fish, and the others."
,Recommended,224760,5185129,"Posted: 6 May, 2013",all,The Mayor of Space,s'butiful
,Recommended,224760,89524,"Posted: 3 May, 2013",all,Darkin20,A lot of fun with a lot of secrets and really makes you feel like you accomplished something (as long as you don't cheat)
,Recommended,224760,19320746,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,joshu,"After watching Indie Game: The Movie, I've decided to present the Dev with a giftONE FREE PHONE A FRIEND MASSAGE/HITLIST COUPON.USE THIS COUPON WHENEVER YOU NEED SOMEONE TO TALK TO OR GIVE YOU A MASSAGE OR IF YOU NEED SOME ♥♥♥♥♥ 2 DIE I GOT YOUR BACK I GOT GUNS BRO I MAKE SURE NO ONE EVER MESS WITH YOU AGAIN OK DEV? WE CAN GO TO BARBEQUES AND DO ALL THAT COOL♥♥♥♥♥♥BCUZ I KNOW WE A1 WITH EACH OTHER. I AINT GAY OR NOTHIN BUT I GIVE YOU A KISS IF YOU REALLY NEED ONE OK HOMEY? I LUV YOU, DEV."
76561197971532050,Recommended,224760,523573,"Posted: 25 July, 2013",all,Conditional Love,"A platformer with really good 2.5D mechanic (mind ...bend good). Fez reminds me of when Super Mario 3D came out on the N64: despite being a straightforward completionist platformer, remarkably there is still a feeling of being all about exploration."
,Recommended,224760,1840506,"Posted: 2 May, 2013",all,Roxas,This is an incredible game. BUY IT!!!
,Recommended,224760,6784943,"Posted: 22 June, 2013",all,nspring314,"Anybody who's had an ear for indie game development in the past six years has surely heard at least passing references to Fez.  It spent years getting conference awards and good tentative press but not much else, as creator Phil Fish delayed the game into nigh-vaporware irrelevance.  And then Indie Game: The Movie featured Fez and everyone was like, ""Oh yeah!""Ignore what you hear about its creator, who possibly as the most PR-unfriendly mouth of any indie dev alive.  Pay attention instead to the 3D-plane-shifting platforming mechanic, the serene visuals and soundtrack, and the unbelievably subtle puzzles hidden throughout its world.My personal GOTY for 2012.  Highly recommended for anyone nostalgic for the 16-bit era, anyone who enjoys puzzle-platformers, and anyone with a pulse."
76561198040460427,Recommended,224760,10638899,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Buckley's Angel,Adventure platformer with dimensional shifting mechanics that will blow your mind. Play it now.
,Recommended,224760,28916448,Posted: 1 January,all,McPhattz,Really enjoying this title so far. Gameplay is fluid and its use of perspective is quite refreshing.Numeric Score: 8.5/10Lettering Score: YES+
76561198101759650,Recommended,224760,10466670,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,ThatRebelScum,This game is awesome! Its probably the best platformer game i've played since Mario. The crossover from 2D to 3D completely blew my mind. This game is definately going to entertain me for hours on end. I would give this an 7.5/10
,Recommended,224760,7945407,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,DownUnder,Amazing Platformer with a great feel to it. I really love this game as it is simple yet quite complex at the same time. There are so many hidden puzzles and codes it's just crazy!
,Recommended,224760,2324752,"Posted: 2 May, 2013",all,AudioSky,Relax old school trip
,Recommended,224760,8569133,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Feralix,"This game is fantastic! The graphics are beautiful, the soundtrack is outstanding, and the gameplay is top notch!"
,Recommended,224760,30849963,Posted: 31 March,all,Alejandro4891,"Let me start off by saying that I thought this game was good. Despite that, I don't think I enjoyed the game to its fullest extent. I thought it was fun and despite being a pixel based game (not that there's anything wrong with that), it felt really fleshed out. In particular, I really enjoyed being able to change the views of whatever level you were currently in, it made it seem large and 3D despite mainly being 2D based.It may sound strange, but to me, the way this game's story/universe is treated reminds me of Dark Souls. You're thrown in and whatever you learn about this world is based on your own interpretations of what you see/experience for yourself. With this game, it was a little bit more abstract. Most of what's revealed about this game's setting/universe is based off of pictures, the musings of your mostly inactive ""partner"", and the various types of levels that you go through. Honestly, I didn't really like how it was done in this game. I'm sure the game's universe is fully fleshed out, but trying to decipher what's going on just from pictures/your surroundings just isn't for me. I enjoy how it's done in Dark Souls because at least it's partially explained, but in this game there's no real explanation. Maybe it's because I didn't 100% this game, but based off of what I played, that's how I feel about it.In general, Fez is a 2D/3D platformer that can also be viewed as a puzzle game. For the most part, it's interesting trying to find the cube bits in every level, but as the game goes on it can be frustrating. Despite the game having a map to try and make navigation easier for you, I still found it difficult. Most of the travelling in this game is done through doors and warp gates found in various levels. The warp gates and doors were easy to use for short distance travel, but for some reason I found it difficult to use when I wanted to travel long distances. I had to frequently check the map to see that I was going in the right place, but some levels had so many doors that I had to guess and check which one would be the one to lead me to where I wanted to go. Maybe I'm stupid, but it just didn't feel as organized as it could've been.Overall, I enjoyed the game, but as i previously stated, I didn't fully enjoy what it had to offer. This is the type of game that's for gamers that like to fully immerse themselves inside of a game's world and like to figure things out for themselves. I enjoy both of those things, but something about this game just felt off for me.Based on what I enjoyed about this game, I give it a 3.5/5. I could easily see people giving this game a 4 or even a 4.5/5, but some things just prevented me from fully enjoying the game. I recommend this game if you enjoy 2D/3D platformers and games with a blurred narrative."
,Recommended,224760,808630,"Posted: 22 June, 2013",all,peter purvis,... probably amongst the top 10 platformers of all time ... I♥♥♥♥♥♥you not ...
76561198082230798,Recommended,224760,13191796,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,ALX-the-GREAT,"2 words: beatiful gamethis game is so well made, the puzzles are so well thought out and the simple concept behind the game leads to a unique and special and relaxed sidescrolling adventure. pls play sooo much good in this game"
,Recommended,224760,21995786,"Posted: 22 March, 2016",all,DeezNutsChang,Most charming game ever. With a cool take on 2d platformers.
,Recommended,224760,5544450,"Posted: 27 August, 2013",all,DaBoss,This game is insanely clever. Everyone must play it and then be disappointed that FEZ II is cancelled.
,Recommended,224760,10586244,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,CEAON,developer sucks the big onebut the game is okay
,Recommended,224760,8152219,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,Wert3000,f.uck anticubes
,Recommended,224760,9771270,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,WittyMick03,I highly recogmend getting this game!
,Recommended,224760,12093253,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,DarSin,Great Game. Goes back to the roots of exloration and captivating puzzles.  Brings me back to old school games where I enjoyed exploring and solving puzzles on my own without the use of guides.  Only complaint I have is the lenght.  I wish the game was longer.
76561197969401811,Recommended,224760,27576649,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,kurtle,"I don't typically have the patience for linear, story-driven games, but Fez was well worth the time.Some of the best puzzles and world-building I've ever encountered.And I still listen to the soundtrack regularly."
76561198070800079,Recommended,224760,7310170,"Posted: 4 October, 2013",all,(>0_0)>,Everyone must own this game.
76561198145511677,Recommended,224760,28448807,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,Koleff,The best game I've ever played. Awesome puzzles and soundtrack.
,Recommended,224760,19072350,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Fuzzball,"Whatever you think of the developer, there is no denying this a wonderful puzzle platformer that can be enjoyed by gamers of all ages. It can even be enjoyed on multiple levels. The base game of platforming, puzzle solving and finding collectibles was enough for me, but there’s a whole deeper level of puzzles (with languages to decode and super-secret collectibles to discover) behind that!"
76561198077957420,Recommended,224760,9600320,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Nottag,"A masterful platformer that is simply addictive. It's jam-packed with some incredible features, including four third-dimensional perspectives to play from, tons of items to collect, and lots of challenging puzzles to conquer. Great replay value. For a platformer, this is simply beautiful."
,Recommended,224760,2039458,"Posted: 9 May, 2013",all,BaiCaiX,最初也是看大电影认识了这款游戏。不敢相信这样的创意居然考一个人的力量就真的实现了。这需要非常大的能量和坚持。所以毫不犹豫就预购了。等我玩到的时候才知道，这不仅仅是一款创意之作，还是一款诚意之作。无论是关卡设计、布景中的细节、整体的世界观、跨场景的谜题设计、隐藏要素的设定，一切的一切都充满了诚意。向开发者致敬。
,Recommended,224760,7353096,"Posted: 10 October, 2013",all,KONOPA_2110,"A very nice game that doesn't stop surprising you all the way. Fresh mechanics, great art direction, clever puzzles, touching story and a great adventure.88 out of 100."
,Recommended,224760,2406886,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,Walheimat,"It's not difficult to figure out what my opinion on FEZ truly is, simply look up, then move right, move left, jump, look down, RT, LT, LT, LT, RT, RT, LT. I'm not geometrically opposed, as people love to say, to you buying and playing FEZ. After spending almost half an hour on a particular puzzle, I wanted to call it math porn, but it's more like watching real porn, hitting pause, and then scrutinizing every pixel for half an hour, because you don't know what the hell you're doing here. Did that ever happen to you? If so, you'll love FEZ like I did."
,Recommended,224760,8317632,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Gazoza,"Brilliant game that introduces a new and interesting gameplay mechanic which allows the player to rotate a 2 dimensional world between two given directions.The goal is to roam around in an open world and solve puzzles. When that is done you are awarded with cubes or ""bits"" which make up a cube when you have 8 of them. These elements mark your progress throughout the game.You make progress partly by getting through platforming segments and then furter on deciphering codes or finding different patterns in the world which lead you to a solution. The latter is something I personally look positively on because for once the player is actually required to think a bit more to make any progress.The game presents itself in a very calm fashion with (GREAT) 8-bit ambient music and cute artstyle.There are a lot of (REAAAALLYY) well hidden secrets in this game so be prepared to challenge yourself if you want to experience the most interesting parts.Overall I think the game was definitely worth the money and I would say that any player out there who is eager to try something new and original should absolutely try FEZ.My score is:9/10+ (Great) Original idea+ Awesome sountrack+ Calm and appealing atmosphere- The hub based world traveling could have been better- Some elements (black holes) were distracting at certain parts of the game"
,Recommended,224760,16034702,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,MHK-,Most creative indie game i played yet. 200% gg
,Recommended,224760,9876925,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,jippalippa,"Ok, everybody knows that the creator of this game is a really bad person, but in this review i'll only talk about the game's undeniable quality.Fez is an amazing experience!It goes beyond the game, and you'll feel like you have been transported into a dreamy and surreal world, while playing.It's relaxing, yet somehow challenging.I have to warn you , though...The game is mostly puzzle/exploration driven, and sometimes it's quite cryptic, so you'll need a bit of patience, but then you'll be rewarded with one of the best games ever made.The graphics are something gorgeous!It seems to look like an 8 bit game, but it actually isn't.It's much richer and the game is actually 3D, while mantaining the charm of the 8bit graphics, with the added value of amazing color contrasts and gradients, impossible to achieve in the 8bit era.Sound is amazing aswell, incredibly relaxing and evocative!I also suggest getting the game's soundtrack.A highly recommended game!"
,Recommended,224760,8794312,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,y2bcrazy,"The world is made up of puzzles, some more obvious than others but enough to keep you thinking for hours and hours on end. With its own unique language and numbering system you'll need to be thinking like fez for days before figuring everything. Some believe we haven't found all teh secrets."
,Recommended,224760,14220318,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Chdata,"Combine Cave Story, Super Paper Mario, a little bit of Time F.c.u.k., and cryptology.If you ever want to play a game that's 2... 3... 4... 5 dimensions! ...FEZ is the eternity code."
,Recommended,224760,3504267,"Posted: 28 June, 2013",all,Josh,Please support Phil Fish he is my hero. Please release Fez 2 @philfish
,Recommended,224760,16204462,"Posted: 5 June, 2015",all,ethan,Decent game with clever (and some obscure) puzzles. And there's a killer soundtrack.
,Recommended,224760,9388943,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Don Juan,"FEZ feeds on curiosity, it toys with your mind makes you think while not being too frustrating, it will be a memorable experience. It's mostly a 2d puzzle platform game with some aspects of 3d thrown in there for extra layers. If you like puzzle platform games and have a few hours of time to spend, then FEZ is a good choice for you. The game and most of it's simpler puzzles can be solved in about 3-6 hours and adds a few more complex puzzles for those that were really captivated by the game and needs to know everything. It can become a bit messy at times and you will be leaning your head a lot, luckily for those out there with neck problems there are plenty of guides that can guide you though from start to finish."
,Recommended,224760,9159196,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Pook,"Great concept, also a very fitting visual style and music.One downside, the game didn't really hold my focus, there is no real goal here except to explore. And the game doesn't really motivate you to explore."
,Recommended,224760,9484517,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,FluffyXVI,A great game if you're a puzzling fanatic.Fez is full of tricky puzzles and mind blowing visuals.That's about all I can really say about it. There is not that much going for it.I recommend it - but only if its in a bundle or less than $3.
,Recommended,224760,8558483,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,trek,"Brilliantly charming game, arguably the best puzzle-platformer I've played."
,Recommended,224760,7901752,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,[TASF]Overkill,"Fez is very deceiving. I thought based on the art that I was getting into a simple platformer. Fez is more than that. It is puzzle game. It is Carl Sagan's ""flatland"" brought to life. Using the 2nd and 3rd dimensions, Fez will make you realize how thoroughly confused and magical a 4th dimensional being would be.The pace is perfect for casual gaming. So far, there is nothing that has prevented me from just looking away from the screen at almost any moment if needed. Twitch skills aren't really needed, which I appreciate every now and then. If the last game you played was Super Mario Brothers, you might actually be comfortable with this... eventually.I have found navigating the world, which is VERY large, somewhat confusing. I have been successful in progressing despite this, but as a 100% completion nut, some of the puzzles and travelling back and forth have been frustrating. I still don't quite get how to determine where the portals will take me.With both solid Linux support and full controller support, this was as much a joy to play on my PC as it was my TV-connected HTPC with XBox controller. Looking forward to more! Was hard to stop playing."
,Recommended,224760,10432089,"Posted: 11 June, 2014",all,gigert9,"FEZ is amazing. It's the sort of game that will be equally as wonderful as the amount of effort you put into it. To those who are looking for nothing more than a casual experience, wandering around searching for cubes...FEZ has that. To those who wish for an immersive game with detail of unprecedented levels...FEZ has that. What's truly amazing about this title is the ability for each of these audiences to appreciate the game without overlap. That is to say; if you play FEZ with the intentions of a casual gamer, you don't have to worry about confusion or frustration trying to follow a story. Of course, if you immerse yourself in the world, the game opens up far beyond its casual surface.The mechanics of the game are wonderfully original and unique. The puzzles one encounters are delightfully tricky and cleverly designed. It is the sort of game that is truly enjoyable to play. Calming, yet challenging.Additionally, beating the game has nothing to do with finishing it. Once completing the game once, there is a story plus mode which allows you to continue playing your campaign. What makes this feature truly unique is the addition of a second ending...and if you can believe it...a third. Each ending offering yet another way to experience the game.To imagine that all this spawned from the talents of a single individual is breathtaking, and should be enough alone to convince anyone to play this title. Coupled with the immersive universe, enjoyable gameplay, and clever mechanics, this becomes a game that is impossible to pass up.Five Stars."
76561198089234400,Recommended,224760,15567828,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Tzurkiyemi,"I love this game and would recommend it to anyone who enjoys platforming, retro, indie, or puzzle games. The creative mechanic and fresh graphics with some poppy music as well as tough but still fun puzzles makes this one of my all time favorite video games. Even though I got it on sale, i'd say its worth 10$ if you have it."
,Recommended,224760,6180655,"Posted: 11 September, 2013",all,moonsong22,"I would recommend this to anybody who wants a free crash simulator! Much better than Burnout. The black ""loading"" screen is one of my favorite jokes, aside from the entire itself."
,Recommended,224760,23709112,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,TheMikirog,"I didn't knew about the ""drama"" when I bought this game.I like puzzle games and the trailer looked promising.I bought it and I'm not disappointed.And after I discovered about the ""drama"", I don't care about that guy.He released a great product and I'm happy with it.It's a puzzle platformer. Some flash games experimented with changing perspectives, but this is the first game I know that does it really well. You can change your side of view by pressing triggers. This way you can make platforms, move bomb explosions from one side to another and discover secrets. Speaking of secrets. This game is a pain-in-the♥♥♥♥♥easter egg hunt. Most puzzles are really mind blowing and fun. Some of them were just made for brainiacs. I completed this game without walkthroughs, of course, but I would never get all 64 cubes. Not even that, one cube got glitched and I couldn't complete the game, because I only had 63 cubes. The game is still worth playing.The best thing about this game is soundtrack. There are mostly ambients and retro-style music pieces and I really love them. Flow is my favourite followed by Nature.Grab yourself a pen and paper and a ton of patience. You're going to need them. Completing this game without a walkthrough is a lot of fun. It's kinda like a meta game, because at one part you have to be in one spot on the exact minute, hour, month or year. Wow.I can just say... keep calm and solve puzzles."
,Recommended,224760,12123724,"Posted: 16 September, 2014",all,Blueation,"Fez is a brilliant little puzzle game that starts of with some simple mechanics, but will eventually unraffle to be more complicated than you would have anticipated. For me, completing the game involved a few train rides working out some harder puzzles presented in the game on paper (and having people look at me and my scribblings as though I was a madman).The types of puzzles the game will present you with include, but are not limited to: simple platforming, moving blocks to correct positions and cryptography.However, I must warn you, there are a few puzzles in the game that are very, very difficult. Of one of these puzzles, while a solution has been found by the online community by means of cooperative brute force, it is not even known how exactly someone should have found the answer. (We are still waiting for answers, Kokoromi and/or Phil Fish)I have actually solved every single puzzle, except for the brute force one, myself and I highly recommend anyone with a reasonably sized thinking mass in their body to try this game, because the difficulty of this game made me feel very euphoric when I finally finished it."
,Recommended,224760,8575701,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,John Lysander,"Ever played a game that made you think? A game that just felt right. A game that made you want to explore the entire world, 100% it, Learn and translate the language, uncover every little secret that the game hides. FEZ was one of those games for me. FEZ is the only game that made me get a notebook and write down ciphers and decode them. FEZ made me want to learn the language that the game speaks. Hell! I actually did!http://huhhuhreadabook.deviantart.com/art/Fez-chart-424875410Deciphering the puzzles and solving them was one of gaming’s great satisfactions.The world of FEZ is beautiful. It is bright, colourful. The constant turning of the world might make you sick at first but you do get used to it. FEZ to me is one of the best looking 2D games ever made.Although I love this game, I can’t actually think of much to say about it. I had more fun with FEZ then I did any other game in 2013. Why? I don’t know.FEZ is my GOTY 2013 since the PC version came out in May 1st. Yes I do know about Phil Fish and I do not hate him. Watch Indie Game The Movie. It shows his passion and how much he cared about his game. He might have been a prick in the real world but what he made and left behind is one of gaming greatest achievements. I am sad that he is gone. I am sad that there will be no FEZ 2. I can only hope he comes back one day. But for now I cannot recommend FEZ enough. 10/10"
,Recommended,224760,31329202,Posted: 23 April,all,Fez4D,"Wow. Even though I had watched ""Indie Game: The Movie"" - which featured Fez - I was still pleasantly surprised by the enjoyable introduction and gameplay. If you like unique discovery experiences from an indie company, then Fez is a relaxing, fun way to spend a few magical hours."
76561198061964963,Recommended,224760,28951606,Posted: 2 January,all,Zman,"An interesting game with a vast, large world and fun puzzles to do along the way.However be warned it is very easy to get lost in and some of the puzzles are quite difficult, but overall a good experience."
,Recommended,224760,27259597,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Aduleten,"Even today, a few years after going through the 100% completion door, I still feel amazed by what happened there.9/10 Mario would be proud"
,Recommended,224760,313785,"Posted: 2 May, 2013",all,Polly,"FEZ isn't your typical platformer. In fact, the platforming aspects of FEZ aren't even the real meat and potatoes of what FEZ is all about and why it's so damn fun. It's about letting yourself get lost in a bizarre cubic world, enjoying the sights and sounds, and gradually picking away at the incredible variety of mysteries and puzzles buried below the game's simple platforming surface.FEZ isn't about challenging your skills as a game player so much as it is about challenging your brain. The only difficulty in the game's rotating platforming mechanics is figuring out how it's uniquely tied to the area you're in. Nearly every area of the game (and there are a ridiculous amount of them) uses rotation differently to provide simple and fun little platforming challenges.A pen and paper, rather than split-second twitch reflexes, will serve you much better journeying through FEZ's vast world. The ""a-ha!"" moments you get from cracking through one of the game's many cleverly thought out riddles, systems, or puzzles is just as satisfying though, and as you dig deeper and deeper, each new collected cube only feels more rewarding than the last. Sure, one or two puzzles may take some serious leaps of logic or research, and one seems to be entirely uncompletable without cheating (it is in no way required to 100% the game achievement-wise), but your brain really just starts speaking FEZ's language at some point, and somehow...it just makes sense.One of the most satisfying games I've probably ever played."
,Recommended,224760,8208177,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,3K,Gud anventur indy puzzle gaym ting
,Recommended,224760,26063714,"Posted: 16 October, 2016",all,Avulsion,"Fez is an amazing and cleverly designed game. The art style is beautiful, it has 2d charm, but the world is in 3 dimensions, this is mirrored in the music, a blend of modern and classic with the bitcrused synths. Fez hasn't been very hard (so far), but it hasn't been too easy either, it is a good game to sit back and chill out with. I highly recommend picking up Fez, as well as the soundtrack, you won't be disappointed."
,Recommended,224760,8866749,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,riogu,indie platformers r 4 nerds
,Recommended,224760,9107885,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Baery,"I don't really care about Phil Fish, this game is great!"
,Recommended,224760,16485897,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Brandonius,"There are already enough reviews on this game. Phil Fish is beyond a jerk but this game, it's great. The art style is great. The music is great. The puzzles are hard. There is no combat, just collectables. If  you love the feeling of accomplishment from solving cryptic puzzles, this game is for you. If you don't, you'll be stuck reading a guide for most of the game."
,Recommended,224760,13838327,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,"Ryko, Lightsworn Hunter","EDIT: Please disregard the actual review and instead imagine memes here. I think you will obtain more knowledge from that.I actually think the game is significantly better than some people like to give it credit for.I think it could have been way better but ultimately it's a game that didn't leave too much to be desired.  The puzzles weren't incredibly hard if your goal was just to complete the game rather than 100% it.  It's something I could easily hand to my mom and have her complete the game.  But, if you DID want to 100% it, it includes everything from QR codes to tetris and ASCII so you'd best be prepared for some intense stuff going down in solving it.It didn't really leave me wanting another game or more out of the game, which may also be a bad thing, but it left me satisfied with having completed the game.  I will probably go back and 100% it sometime after I finish some games that I just like more than this one, but it is a decent game that I would recommend.But screw Phil Fish.  He's a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥."
,Recommended,224760,9820748,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,bonkripper78,"phil fish is an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ but at least his game is good.in all seriousness, the game is honestly really fun. the puzzles are great and interesting. there are no enemies, time, or other strains that other games put on you. this game is just purely puzzle solving and platforming. plus, the music by Disasterpiece is really good."
76561198061830328,Recommended,224760,26927829,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,✜Chmielu,One of the best games I've ever played. It's just magnificent.
,Recommended,224760,26985732,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,tbird5000,"anyone with an appreciation for striking, consistent visual design and deeply thoughtful audio work should try this game."
,Recommended,224760,27337639,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,gusley-chan <3,"A cute game with cute graphics, cute gameplay, cute music, cute story & most importantly a cute protagonist."
,Recommended,224760,14194581,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,CaveKid,"FEZ in a nutshell:>I wake up one day,>And some weirdo told me I will save the world>Then, Suddenly Seizure Time>I was transported to a new dimension>And some weird red hat fell on my head>Then some weird flying cube speaking french appeared>It suddenly exploded>Now I gotta collect all the pieces to save the world.9/10"
,Recommended,224760,22083443,"Posted: 27 March, 2016",all,Princess Wario,"Such a poetic and nice game... Also very innovative as a plateformer, at least for the level design : it makes your brain think in some king of a 4 dimmensionnal space, really impressive game !If you like old school plateformers and wich it would have go on until now, this game is for you : it's the natural following of how a plateformer should be !"
,Recommended,224760,33113070,Posted: 1 July,all,Jampolo,"The game itself is a little buggy here and there, but the gameplay is creative and fresh.It has a very retro feel to it, both in soundtrack and graphics.What little lore there is you have to figure out on your own with the various hints scattered all over the place.A fun game where you have to think in order to advance. 10/10"
76561198122526952,Recommended,224760,13476086,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,MooterMG,Brilliant. A different take on platforming games.
,Recommended,224760,16310630,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,[xG] Davepetasprite^2,"You should totally buy this game.The graphics are great, the game mechanic is extremely fun to use, and the music is fantastic.The graphics give fez a nostalgic feel while still making it feel new. They look amazing with the fact you can change you perspective and see them from different anglesThe music is amazing. it sounds glorious and the game would not be the same without it.The games puzzles are challenging and they give you an amazing feel of pride when you finish them.This is definitely the best game I have ever played, you should definitely get it.also phil fish is a ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥dont credit him for this"
,Recommended,224760,8824264,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Wungus Bringleton,"I'm completely and utterly in love with Fez. Its presentation is flawless, with a fantastic soundtrack and adorable visuals. The gameplay is incredible; itnailedthe puzzle-platformer, with clever puzzles and airtight platforming. Seriously; Fez is incredible on every level, and it's only $10 to boot!"
,Recommended,224760,534521,"Posted: 23 May, 2013",all,dotch,"It's one of those games that you hear a lot of great things about but assume it's only people being people and the game won't be that great, but then you play it and it's just as great, if not better, as people say."
,Recommended,224760,13963222,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Artibius,"PROS:+ satisfying & fun gameplay+ really nice UI & menu+ great puzzles+ dimension shifting+ new game++ awesome pixelated visuals+ tons of collectables to findCONS:- a couple of ridiculously hard not very logical puzzles- occassional ladder glitch (especially in the ""globe room"")- occassional crash to desktop (twice in 13hrs of gameplay)Comment:I went into playing FEZ without expectations and after finishing it I have to say it was really incredible! Sometimes simple and easy, sometimes really hard (looking at you, rising lava level) but always fun. The ""3D"" shifting mechanism works really well and makes the game feel really unique and original. On top of that is a cool map of locations, each filled with either NPCs, collectables, puzzles or just platforms. It is hard to pinpoint what I like about this game so much but I guess it could be the way it lets you progress. While the floating cube gives you vague hints it is YOU who tries out which path to go. The only thing about the game logic that I disliked was the cryptic language and a couple of puzzles that were a bit too hard in the way that I had no idea what the game wanted from me. So, yes, I helped myself with a guide after collecting all that I could (which was most of the stuff). However other puzzles like vibrating controller hints were really cool and I loved them. The pixelated graphics are a nice touch, they fit the game really well too. Overall I can see the tremendous amount of time spent on making this game, it is AWESOME! So awesome that I am purchasing another copy (maybe via GoG) to support the developers. Result? You can either recommend FEZ or you have not played it.------------------------------------------------------------------If you liked this review you can find more on theCurator pageor in myReview Corner."
76561198044473894,Recommended,224760,13983150,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,Kelsaurus,Beautiful and crazy game. It's not as simple as it seems in the beginning. The puzzels are tough and require some good thinking. It's no wonder it took so long to release the game. 10/10 would recommend.
,Recommended,224760,8416953,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,a beanie baby,You. Buy. Now.
,Recommended,224760,25595970,"Posted: 19 September, 2016",all,DoctaJohn,"Excellent game which is constantly on point with its retro/glitch/mind-expanding/multi-dimensional themes.  Great, multi-faceted gameplay, stellar music and visuals, awesome sense of mystery.  Wonderful pacing.  Stop reading reviews right now and go play it so you can avoid spoilers and experience it for yourself (DON'T USE A WALKTHROUGH!)"
,Recommended,224760,12193362,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,grimm,"I would say the best platformer puzzle solving game in a long time. Everything from the music, level design to complexity of puzzles later on is simply briliant !"
,Recommended,224760,33314336,Posted: 6 July,all,Vala,The concept of putting 3rd dimension in 2D world is totally awesome. reminds me of old cartridge games with a twist. I wonder if it was multiplayer.
,Recommended,224760,24196367,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Furueisho Peicho,"When I started the game I only wanted to have a quick look. When I learned about what makes the game really tick I wanted to refuse to force myself through all of this. But before I knew it, I was already sucked into it and eventually got all achievements. I'm not exactly sure how they did it, but it worked.The experience around FEZ has multiple layers.On the surface you have this cute and easy going, gimmicky Platformer that plays with optical illusions. Before I played it I had the impression you had to do a little more three-dimensional and logical thinking. But as it turned out, you only have to swap the perspective until you can progress. This layer is all about finding the way, spotting doors and traversal. In and of itself that is already quite engaging, because you have this rather vast world with multiple paths. Discovering all the rooms and places to complete the map is pretty fun, I think. You have warp gates and shortcuts to streamline it more but it is true, that you have to backtrack very often.When it come to exploring, I am really impressed how they managed to tweak your navigation. You know, all these little conveniences everyone takes for granted. Almost every (major) screen has a distinguished element, like a landmark that you can see in the background or as preview that hovers in the air while you stand in front of a door. Some screens have a different color palette, that makes them easy to recognize. The map gives you all sorts of feedback. The warp gates show you the sky that is unique to certain areas so you know where they'll lead you. Also you can easily see which rooms you havn't visited yet because doors will stay open.When you got enough collectibles, you can complete the storyline (if you wanna call it that). But after that, the game shows its true colors. You need to play thenew game +mode to enjoy it to its fullest.You see, FEZ is about secrets and hidden stuff, really. It would be undermining the point if I told you what it was. Let me say it more simple so you don't get overwhelmed by all the cryptic stuff: You need to look closely at your surroundings and watch out for signs in order to decipher codes. Most of these require you to write something down. Then you have to input key commands to communicate to the game that you solved the puzzle. But it gets even more complicated. You need to think laterally and meta for some of the other things. There is a number system, an alphabet and input symbols. Try to make them out by yourself. There are hints but nothing is spelled out for you.I love the music and the animation."
,Recommended,224760,8913521,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,100% Hippo,"I really enjoyed this game. The twisting was a neat idea, and the puzzles were rather challenging. I really wish I could forget how to solve all the puzzles so I could do them all again!"
,Recommended,224760,10680245,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,El Fele,♥♥♥♥ you phill fish
,Recommended,224760,8004542,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,sôrá,One of the best games!
76561197976719714,Recommended,224760,8506688,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Jack,Awesome!Go play this siht!
,Recommended,224760,10936386,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Smau6785,I spoke with an owl.10/10
76561198078027479,Recommended,224760,9013643,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,owen,Very fun and addicting!
,Recommended,224760,12382761,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,Guderian,"Innovative, challenging, polished.  A terrific puzzler with fluid controls and beautiful ambiance.  The retro feel is wistfully nostalgic, but also a core game mechanic--nothing is wasted or underutilized here.  If I had to quantify it I'd give it at least a 9/10.  We need more indie games like this.e: after reading other reviews, I should note that I 'only' played this game to completion once, no NG+ stuff, and didn't bother or notice things beyond that.  It looks like it runs far deeper though, so I'll have to revisit it at some point.  Another plus."
,Recommended,224760,12400343,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,linkerError,"FEZ is an adorable exploration/puzzlegame with Metroidvania elements. The twist is that the game world exists in a state of quasi-3D. Like most 2D games, FEZ presents us with an orthographic projection of a 2D world. Where it turns expectations on its head is that you can use the orthographic projection to your advantage, rotating the world in 3D to move your character from where they are actually positioned in the level to where they are percieved to be on a hypothetical 3D projection of the world. IT's an effect that has to be seen to be truly understood, but imagine playing an M.C. Escher painting from a sidescrolling perspective and you'lll have some idea of what FEZ is like.Exploring FEZ's world involves carefully picking your way around the levels to collect all the cube collectibles and then moving to a new area to collect even more. The challenge comes from a combination of backtracking to collect previously uncollectable pieces and figuring out how to use your world-rotating powers to collect them. The joy comes from that ""Eureka!"" moment when you finally figure out the right combination of climbs, hops and rotations to get you to your goal. FEZ provides these moments in spades and the puzzles never seem overly obtuse or unfair. The relative lack of enemies, threats or lives means players averse to action or playing without controllers won't be left behind. The game's music and atmosphere is meditative and simplistic, giving the game a zen-like feeling while playing it.FEZ is an indie gem and usually goes on sale at insane discounts. It's definitely worth checking out, if only to support it's brilliant creator."
,Recommended,224760,9944918,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Jedi Master Distance4life,"You are Gomez, a 2-D fella that appears to be living within a computer. He lives in his ordinary house in his ordinary village. One morning you wakeup and recieve mail from an old man. You climb through the village learning the basics of the controls and confront the old man. This is when everything happens. A giant cube appears out of nowhere, teleporting you to some alternate plane. The plane begins to spin around. Suddenly, Gomez realizes that this is not in fact a 2-D world, but a 3-D world. The cube bestows a gift to Gomez, a fez hat that allows Gomez to change his viewpoint at will. Then suddenly, there is an error with the cube and it shatters. The PC Gomez is living in resets. Gomez wakes up in his house again when he is greeted by a little giltch. This glitch tells Gomez of his quest, to find all of the missing cubes to fix the computer.This game has a lot of puzzles in it. If you are frustrated easily be warned this game is not for you. It took me about 15 hours to complete the game 100%, some of it was offline working on puzzles. This is the only game that I have ever had to use a notebook for to keep track of where all of the hidden gems are and the secret codes.There are two different endings to the game. The first one, you only have 32-63 cubes. This is a very trippy ending. After this ending, you recieve an object that makes it possible to find the remaining cubes. The second ending is not trippy, and is a much more fullfilling ending. After the second ending, you recieve another item that allows you to play the game in 3-D if you have some of the old type of 3-D glasses (red/blue).If you intend to play this game for a bit here and there, I suggest either using a guide for the game, or using a notebook, that way you can keep track of things, especially if you take a long break between starting and finishing the game.Overall, this is a good game. The plot is linear, why the world is branching. The music is phenomenal. It's very calming to play through this game and didn't cause me a lot of stress, but I don't mind solving puzzles. I have a lower end laptop and this game ran very smoothly on, with almost no loading time between maps and very high framerate. If you want a good puzzle challenge this game is for you."
,Recommended,224760,10686520,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Шєldaaґ,"Whilst Phil Fish is a bit of a nipplehead, i actually found this game to be extremely fun. Guide your short Fez-headed friend around levels that seem to give you an actual challenge. With good music, atmosphere and story, it's a wonder that this was ever created in such an angry man's brain."
,Recommended,224760,9785319,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Attilion,"Great indie gem with a few flaws that thankfully do not get too much in the way. The platforming is good, the concept is better. You'll spend time twisting things around and keep on discovering. Too bad some puzzles rely on external gimmicks (QR code, looking at you now) or hard-as-hell decoding sequences. Yet, if you managed to get it after much brain scratching, you know there is much rejoicing..."
,Recommended,224760,10682699,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Kumail,A very unique twist to a platformer! A work of absloute genious.11/10
,Recommended,224760,8023135,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Alexi_TV | Twitch,"It is amazing. Must-buy. Must-Enjoy. Must-Love. Beautiful, slow, relaxing fun game. Highly recommend"
,Recommended,224760,10091887,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,mcmillerg,Great puzzle game with a unique style of puzzle solving and and an awesome retro art stlye. Definitely worth the money.
,Recommended,224760,27693813,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,DatDeLaKid,"As much as you may hate Philippe 'Phil Fish' Poisson, you have to admit. He makes a damn good game."
,Recommended,224760,22272291,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,A Bunch of Numbers,i love this game to death but poop did the cutscenes make me feel queasy
,Recommended,224760,31132721,Posted: 14 April,all,CAPTAIN HUMPHRIES,"Anyone else notice that Gomez's guide is a 4D tesseract?Edit: With the new game + ending,this seems to be an abstract take on string theory with the pockets of higher dimensions"
,Recommended,224760,8020739,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Dan,"A refreshing experience, FEZ is a game that requires some time thrown to it. The game is not challenging at all in a traditional sense, which can be a drawback in the first moments of gameplay. Once this is accepted, the game unfolds its true value to the player.Its immensity can only be enjoyed when you understand that the game is not the ""average 3 life available with no continues"" challenge, and subsequently gives a spin to the traditional gimmick of platforming video games with its huge world, 2.5D over four-dimension gameplay, and some small but rewarding puzzles you have to discover on your own to advance. It has some difficulty poured in these puzzles, and they are the most difficult thing to do in the game (along with having to locate parts of the overworld that may have pieces or treasure chests left to pick up. the UI helps in sorting the rooms in a very effective way).P.S: the game can also be run in 4:3 with no problem if you enter in %appdata%, edit the Settings file in the FEZ directory and enter your desired resolution. I recommend 1024x768 as it's the most effective one available that will allow you to see all the game's contents without letterboxing (the next one is 1280x1024 and in this, 720p fits, which results in said letterboxing). I find this game more enjoyable to play in a CRT television. I'm a weirdo.So in short, if you can only think of games as subsequent challenges, forget about this. If you want a refreshing spin on this genre, try it. This is what we were expecting of indie games anyways, right?"
,Recommended,224760,20822821,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,JordiTK,Good game. Buy it on sale if 10 bucks is too much.
,Recommended,224760,9463455,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Wyvernian,"Fez, where to start...Fez is a great puzzle game (I actually call it a ""Perspective Puzzler""). I have played 10 hours or so of this game so far and it is one of the best puzzlers I have ever played. Some puzzles in this game are simple, the rest, not really. Some will involve collecting items that show the locations of the collectibles in this game, the Cubes and Anti-Cubes, while others have the collectibles in various rooms or locations. Some puzzles can be really tricky though, and kind of stress you out a bit.Fez has a great calming atmosphere to it, and has a lot of beautiful scenery.  Although I have only played half the game, I'd say it's a really good game.I give Fez a 9/10."
,Recommended,224760,33870511,Posted: 28 July,all,ブラン Everybody Hates Miki,Game me several headaches10/10 would cry again
,Recommended,224760,8893142,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,R.A.M.,shhhh shhh. just buy it.
,Not Recommended,224760,12323542,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,Ganja_Mufasa,"Interesting... for a few hours.The idea iof this game is very interesting.you have a 3 dimensional 64bit platformer, where the character can only see 1 2d dimension of the world at a time.the artwork is really cool, the begining is somewhat psychedelic i found. the overall artistic concept is very apealing.but after you get the concept of the game, and after you enjoyed the 2d-3d graphics of the game for a while, than there is nothing to it really. it just turns into a platformer, where you skip and hop searching for cubes. the story is not that compelling, i really didnt pay attention to it. was nice playing it passing the first 2 episodes than i put it aside with no further interest.Conclusion:another indie game that tries to bring a new concept to along dead genre in an effort to revive it, just like the Braid game where they try to bring the time element into the platformer, here they tried it with the dimensional element.and just like with Braid you gonna play it and hour or two, maybe 3, and than never play it again. excelent for indie and platformer fans, has nothing to do with all the rest.i give it 7.5 out of 10 (1.5 for the awsome opening, and respect for indie gaming)"
,Recommended,224760,9107600,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Scerttle,"A fun little platformer that could have happily been all about the ""looks retro but is 3D"" gimmick, but ended up having a strange and interesting story to go along with it.There's a LOT here; if you don't have oodles of patience, you're going to want a guide. The creators have made their own number and letter system, as well as a bunch of other things for you to decode, and given you hints on how to decode them. I threw in the towel and rode on the coat-tails of more patient people.The whole thing could be considered a little be pretentious, maybe, but it doesn't feel out of place. The endings were unexpectedly strange, but cool. I kind of wish it had something more to it so I could hang about in the world longer."
76561198017424365,Recommended,224760,3099716,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,Manitou,Exellent!!!
,Recommended,224760,8399537,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Kuroshiz,"Fez can be completed in a mere couple of hours or much less, but let's face it you'd be missing a lot the game has to offer if you did! Sure you would still be able to appreciate the adorable, vibrant graphics and great soundtrack, but you probably wouldn't have taken the time to think through the complex puzzles that reveal a whole bunch of secrets, such as certain hidden in-game codes to unlock collectibles, or even an entire cube language. Or for the completionists, found every cube, some of which are extremely well hidden I might add. However these can all be bypassed if you don't want to bother with the more difficult puzzles, and can enjoy the main game at your own leisure.What I also found interesting is that you are not given much of a story-related background at all, instead you're left to piece together what might have happened in the past from only pictures similar to cave drawings on walls you find throughout the game. I think apart from finding all the collectibles, hypothesising how the world of Fez came to be was the most enjoyable thing to do.I was very pleasantly surprised when it unexpectedly broke the fourth-wall at times too, but what else would you expect from a game that despite being built around cubes, thinks very much outside the box?"
,Recommended,224760,12101890,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Coop,Phil Fish
,Recommended,224760,9366203,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,Wraith,"Fez comes with a nostalgic retro-style graphic pack, a nice soundtrack, and above all an original gameplay, that makes you wonder how to solve a bunch of psychedelic puzzles and makes you greedy to go for the next secret. Nerds only."
,Recommended,224760,8009747,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Mazinity,"Very fun puzzle game where you rotate the surroundings to proceed and find cubes. Really refreshing to play something like this.Pros------- Great soundtack.- Well developed puzzles and even some cryptology to handle.- Great level design based around rotation.- Whilst the plot is quite thin in delivery, it's thick in substance and well thought out.- Has lots of hidden stuff for replayability.Cons------- Quite a short game for a first playthrough.- Jumping isn't implemented too well, considering it's a platform game."
,Recommended,224760,7937090,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,#GivePeridotBurgers2017 🍔,Game creator's a♥♥♥♥♥♥Game itself is ♥♥♥♥ing amazing.9/10 would kill creator
,Recommended,224760,14854385,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,trikuxabi,"This is my favorite game EVER. It's full of secrets, metaphors and fun platforming. One of the best indie games ever, go get it!"
,Not Recommended,224760,11059721,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Zejayt,"I tried to play the game but couldn't get past the problems. This game isn't well optimized and I got excessive screen tearing even with the fps forced down to 60 checked in the custom options. Unplayable and a waste of money, glad I bought it during the summer sale and not at full price. Buyer beware"
,Recommended,224760,16704883,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,flarelightning75,Fez is like a legend of zelda and fun at the same .Red cube heart room :Red Cube: Left Right Right Left Right Left Left Left.Blue Cube: Right Right Right Left Right Right Left Left.
,Recommended,224760,10857670,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Zye,"Gameplay: 7/10* Smell the flowers, collect the cubes and crack the codes. That's what FEZ is all about.~ Gameplay involves cycling 2D platforms in 3D space. It is essentially a 2D-3D platformer hybrid. (refer to trailer for visualization)+ This engine is extremely polished and responsive. It doesn't take very long to figure out the different applications is has in each environment.- In order to ""100%"" the game, you must solve various puzzles. Be it through hidden messages, or maneuvering blocks into a specific formation. A lot of these puzzles are extremely cryptic and require a lot of patience. Some of which require scanning ""QR"" codes, which may sound interesting, but for people like me who can't scan these codes it is completely irrelevant.Soundtrack: 10/10+ Beautifully crafted chiptune/synth melodies.(Best enjoyed late at night, with good speakers/headphones)* Composed by Disasterpeace! :D~ Pick up this soundtrack, it is a master""peace"" (hehe..... heh.....)Artstyle & Impression: 10/10+ This game is beautiful! All of the pixel art is detailed, recognizable, and coloured wonderfully.+ Each environment is unique, and interesting.+ Despite being pixel-art, the attention to detail is phenomenal. The world of FEZ is deeply immersive.- There are a few locations where platforms/climbable surfaces are difficult to see.Story/Content: 7/10~ There isn't much to say about the story, it is open to interpretation.+ The mood of the game is primarily established through artwork and music.- The game has it's own syllabary, so you may need a pen and paper to solve some puzzles.(Or the internet because who has time for that♥♥♥♥♥♥* Featured in: Indie Game: The MovieThis game is beautiful, enjoyable, and well worth a full playthrough! 8/10Symbols KEY:+ Pro- Con~ Neutral* Fact"
,Recommended,224760,12375374,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,quaint folksy quicksand,"I found FEZ very charming. It's a bit tedious compared to other platformers, but has lots of atmosphere and mystery to make up for it.Its main mechanic is rotation. The world is a three-dimensional space ""flattened"" into whatever side you're looking at, and to progress you can turn it around.The platforming is fairly trite - the level design uses that rotation system very cleverly, but there's lots of waiting for the slow protagonist to walk somewhere. And surviving a fall makes you lose more progress than dying, which is very annoying.On the other hand, the game world is lovingly designed. The relaxing, beautiful and mysterious atmosphere will make you smile and the dragged-out platforming actually helps you take in the details.The world is filled with mysteries and cryptography puzzles, which are optional and vague but very satisfying to solve.I recommend this game for its beautiful ambience and strange puzzles that may please fans of games like La-Mulana and Antichamber. Be aware of its slow pace and focus on atmosphere over action though."
,Recommended,224760,16433837,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,KingColeslaw,Simply superb
,Not Recommended,224760,13220706,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,TheTitaniumDragon,"Fez is a very simple 2D-rotating platforming game. Your character has no real personality and the game has no real plotline; the game is wholly reliant upon its very minimalist presentation and the platforming you do.StoryFez has no real story to speak of. The world of Fez is never really explained to the player, and the only truly notable features it has are a handful of subsititution ciphers - an alphabet, a numbering system, and a system that tells you to press certain button combinations to find secrets. All three of them must be deciphered by the player, but ultimately only the numbering system is all that difficult to decipher. The alphabetic system is rather sneakily presented, but once you realize what you're doing, it is obvious what is going on.Sadly none of these things make the world especially interesting, and once you've figured out what the symbols mean it is mostly just tedious work deciphering writing around the world. The actual writing isn't very deep or interesting, and the game itself doesn't really do anything interesting with its world despite its seeming mysteriousness.GameplayFez is a very simple game. You can move around, jump (once), open treasure chests and doors, pick up crates, and rotate the world. Most of that is bog standard; its one ""unique"" mechanic is the world rotation. While Fez appears to be a 2D world, in reality it is a very odd combination of 2D and 3D. You play the game walking around in two dimensions, so the third dimension does not matter so long as you are walking around, but when you rotate the world, you are placed on some point in the 3D plane (always on a platform if you are on one, though) and the world is rotated around, creating a new 2D plane to play on. As you can only rotate the world 90 degrees at a time, this generates four ""maps"" per area. You navigate the world by rotating it around and jumping from platform to platform in various planes. There are some bits of interactive terrain which will spin you around or launch you, and some terrain YOU can manipulate yourself, but overall the game is quite simple, though there are some somewhat clever puzzles you can solve by rotating.Unfortunately the game is a one-trick pony; the rotation is the only real mechanic the game has. While there are a few ""puzzles"" of sorts, they are basically all ""figure out what the writing system says, then follow the instructions"". There are four or five puzzles you solve via maps that you collect, but most of these are not terribly difficult to solve either - the main issue is figuring out that you have all the maps necessary to solve a particular puzzle. Most of them are very simple, and the few that aren't are incredibly obtuse - two of the red cube puzzles in particular are just absurd, with one of them relying on you noticing the flashing of stars in the background.The game itself is basically about collecting 64 cubes - 32 light cubes and 32 dark cubes, though there is little difference between them. The light cubes are mostly in the form of 8 smaller cube chunks, which you assemble into a larger cube, but some light cubes are simply found as whole cubes. Once you complete them all, you're done with the game.Overall the game takes about 12 hours to complete, which involves some amount of backtracking, though overall it mostly isn't overly excessive.GraphicsFez has retro pixel graphics, and isn't very pretty to look at. The only really interesting thing about it is a few points at which the interface is played with - the game pretends to glitch out and ""restart"" your computer, which is actually an in-game computer with a few hidden little jokes that if you blink, you'll miss them. The ending cinematics are alright, but nothing special. Overall the graphics are functional, and it is easy to tell what you are doing, but the game is far from pretty.Final SummaryFez has a cute central mechanic and is not overly long, but it feels like there isn't any real meat to the game. While the world appears mysterious and interesting at first blush, as you go further into the game you realize that it is less ""mystery"" and more ""only barely present at all."" There is no storyline to speak of, the central mechanic is interesting but nothing to write home about, and after a while the game begins to feel slightly repetitive even though it is very short simply because there is no real substance to it."
76561198068919027,Not Recommended,224760,8676124,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,dana13424,"Fez was a dissapointmentGoing into Fez, I had certain expectations. I expected the game to be polished, to have challanging dimention-based puzzles, and a potentially pretentious story or presentation. After playing the game to the end (or at least the end that I'm willing to tolerate), I have no desire to see what its new game plus has to offer, nor do I care about what I missed. In a puzzle game, if your player feels like this, you failed as a developer.In Fez, there is a language that you will have to learn if you want to finish the game, or you could just do the sensible thing and look it up on line or you can: spend hours exploring every room, writing everything said in game down out of game, decifering the code using context clues, and eventually figuring out the entire alphabet as well as directions. For some people that may seem life fun, but it's definitly a very small niche. If you like codebreaking, then Fez is a gem. If you want a fun, challanging, or interesting puzzle game, you are out of luck.As for the puzzles, they were often straight forward if they didn't involve the Fez language. The game was mostly platforming, which I didn't like. The wasn't too much of a challange in figuring out most of the levels in game. There was also little moments of frustration when the mechanics refused to work properly, such as when grabbing on to vines. The game wasn't challanging so much as it was time consuming.As for the good points, the sound design is well done. The background noise and the music are enjoyable. At times it was relaxing, and at other times, it was a bit unsettling. I enjoyed that at the very least.To conclude, as a puzzle game, Fez falls flat for me. It's a competent platformer, and (if it's your thing) has an interesting code to crack (if you don't mind that it has already been cracked for several years now and can be found easily online). There are a lot of better puzzle games, puzzle platform games, and games in general.Also, I figure I should put this in here, I knew nothing of the controvery around Fez's creator. I didn't dislike this game because he made it. I disliked it because it was frusrating, boring, and remarkably unengaging from so many angle (gameplay was unchallanging, the story wasn't interesting, the characters weren't defined or remarkable in any way). Take that as you will"
,Recommended,224760,9089718,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,.png,"Perhaps at this point you have decided to spent your money wisely or perhaps not. Perhaps you are merely looking to consolidate your opinion and no money has been spent at all. If that's the case, then let it be known that this is a game which you would be wise to purchase. Through a series of luck and love, our lord and saviour Phil Fish, has seen fit to bless us with a creation that will end all creations. You see this is Fez, a video-game unlike any other.Hush the applause please people for I do not deserve it yet. On this perch I stand today in order to describe for you this piece of aesthetic bliss, so that one day your lives will be as blessed as my own.I do this not out of narcissism but out of virtue for the lesser amongst you who have yet to experience this product. For you see, as Dionysus would explain himself if he were alive today, Fez is not so much a game but a way of life; it is a philosophy to live by. It merges the boundaries of puzzles and platforms, becoming  an inter-connected adventure across the two-dimensional plains where you must retrieve the hidden, mysterious, and darn-right fabled puzzle pieces.For you see a shift unlike any other has occured and it is up to Gomez, and by extension yourself, to save the world from vice. Just as Achilles set out to battle for the glory of Ancient Greece in Homer's Iliad, Gomez must traverse into the wild to save his world from destruction.But as Achilles had his Helen to serve as a motivating factor, Gomez has only his spirit, neigh his unrelenting will, to guide him. It is for this reason among others why we can look upon Gomez as not merely a kind-of cartoonish rabbit-thing but as an allegory for the struggle of humanity to overcome persecution throughout history. He embodies the determined movement towards divinity; towards the blinding light for which we all shall receive our due rewards in Elysium.I ask of you what other games can we look upon as revealing and illuminating such depth? Only Halo bears the familiarity of which I speak, and it is a game which pales in comparison to the likes of Fez.Of course, there is one thing I fear the most and it is that I shall not have convinced the most stubborn of you to take a chance upon this title. For this I do not judge. It is without sin that I caste the first stone, but I beg of you that you will come to see the truth beyond all things in time.I ask patience to reign over you and the almighty to seek fit to bless you with the spirit of reason. For this you will be truly rewarded.The reward shall be Fez."
,Recommended,224760,26571378,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,『 S-POI-LER 』|Two Week away,Fezzes are cool
,Recommended,224760,9224389,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,HedgehogRider,"FEZ is one of the best, if not the best indie games I've ever played. It has a great soundtrack, fun 2D-3D gameplay, and features some of the best looking sprites I've ever seen in a platformer. The game has kind of a slow start, but a fantastic finish. It's well worth it's price, and I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,224760,12820968,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Spacey Zoomer,"FEZ is a masterpiece of the industry and really shows the potential in this form of media. Other than the fact that this is my favorite game of all time, it also has the best soundtrack in a game that I've ever played. Not too long, not to short, and it highly benifits from the amount of hidden features and time loops. There are many refrences to old games, what with this being a retro game, like TETRIS constellations, and an annoying little floaty thing that will make you want it to just go (it is useful at times though). There ar little to no supporting characters, but the silence makes it eerie at times, and the level designs are spectacular. Sure the designer of the game isn't the friendliest guy on earth, but a lot of people would say the same if they really knew other game developers. The new take on 2D platforming is a breath of fresh air when stressed, and if you like old NES or ATARI or even SEGA GENISIS games, I'd buy this game. Glitches are minimal and frame rate stays pretty smooth on most computers with windows7 and OSX leopard upward, full controller support so I'd recommend having and afterglow Xbox controller or a gamepad of sorts. My rating 10/10 (duh)"
,Recommended,224760,9282881,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,@TwelfthDoc,"In FEZ, you play as Gomez, a 2D character in a 2D world... until his view gets turned on its side by the existence of a mysterious third dimension. Gomez must leave the comfort of the Village he grew up in for an adventure: to help reassemble the Cosmic Hexahedron before the universe collapses in on itself!The game is a cross between a platformer and a puzzle game and balances both elements really well. The puzzles are challenging and there is a sense of real accomplishment when you finally solve them. The unique 2D/3D perspective allows for some clever platforming e.g. patches of vines unconnected on one plane suddenly line up and are climbable after rotating the view 90 degrees to the side.The only game I know which completes at 204.9% as well!"
76561198003203188,Recommended,224760,12563856,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Rossi,I can fully recommend this game.  :D
,Recommended,224760,7874009,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Kenny,"This is pretty much the only game that I regret buying during a Steam Sale. Not because it's a bad game or not worth the price – both couldn't be further from the truth – but because I feel that its developer should have gotten a bigger cut of my disposable income. (Throwing money at the screen would be rather appropriate, if it did actually work.)As a study of dimensionality, it succeeds at conveying the feelings one would likely experience upon finding out that the world is not only different from one's own concept, but hardly comprehensible even when catching a glimpse of its true nature. (Think H. P. Lovecraft, but in rainbow colours.) As a piece of pop culture, it's bound to expand the horizons of, and thoroughly surprise. most of its players. As ""just a puzzle platformer"", it both exploits and lampshades the inherent inability to think in higher dimensions than one has been used to since basically forever, while consistently being interesting, challenging and simply very well crafted. If I had to name a failing with FEZ, it would be the rather artificial inflation of post-endgame content, and thus game length for completionists, with more or less identically working puzzles.Every time FEZ comes up as a Daily Deal or Flash Sale, I become excited and remorseful at the same time, because it's, in my opinion, one of the decade's defining videogames, and a ridiculous steal even at full price. Never mind that its designer seems to take himself way too seriously. Pick up FEZ, and if you don't want to share my guilt, do it when it's not on sale."
,Recommended,224760,7904291,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Wolfski,"I only purchased this during a recent sale and on the back of its early life cycle being on TV here in the UK.You know what it's one of the coolest little gems that I have been missing out on...Put aside the retro pixelated imagery and look into the soul of the author....Not only is this a great little indie game it's so damn original, the way the levels spin for alternative perspective and the oh so fluid control method... and the ingenious way the character always makes it to the front of the level.The smooth blending of pixelation, tesselation and wooshy parallaxing make for an awe inspiring experience.The author is quite literally a genius, so great that this title did eventually make it to market, would have been a digital tragedy for it to have got lost in the ether. Coupled with a surreal mixture of harmonic and midi style sound effects and music.... oh so fitting for the style of game we are looking at here....Without putting too fine a point on it, this is probably the single best platformer that it has been my pleasure to play in many years.If you haven't got this then why the hell not !!! Go get it now... support indie devs....  utterly brilliant....Where's my FEZ..... uh huh.... just like that... not like that ..... like that  .....  ( you need to be an old fart like me to know that famous british comedian! )"
,Recommended,224760,14273677,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Bacondoughnut,"FEZ is a wonderful and vibrant world full of creatures, amazing art and ear-hugging soundtrack. The first 10 minutes are fun, but everything after being released into the world of FEZ is worth money for every minute of gameplay. Buy fez no matter what kind of gamer you are, you will love it.Graphics: 10/10. This games graphics are pure art.Gameplay: 9/10. The gameplay is addicting, fun and just purely wonderful.Music/Soundtrack: 9.5/10: The music written for this game is absolutely wonderful, and calms my every nerve.-----Overall: 9/10."
,Recommended,224760,12682295,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,asphyx28,"BE AWARE: Before I tell you, what I think about this game, and (hopefully) will make you want to have it (because after hours of gameplay, I have come to the conclusion that this game is one of the most underrated, unerestimated games ever!), let me tell you first what FEZ is NOT:1.) it's NOT your common plattformer2.) it's NOT over when you reached it's end3.) it's NOT what it seems to be - there IS more to meet the eye!What can I say? This is the most beautiful, creative, inspiring, mind-blowing gaming experience I ever had with a game that was meant to be one of those titels you play ""in between""!You can look at it as a plattformer/puzzle-game but that just tells you the obvious as if one would say ""at the moment I'm in front of my PC screen!""You can just enjoy the game and it's puzzles, and surely reach the end, having had a good time with plenty of fun! But - if you take a second look at the surroundings, the lovingly architected characters, places and little things, waiting to be explored, you can't help but feel that there is yet more to all of this than meets the eye! You will find that nothing (literally: NOTHING) was place by coincidence, there's no such thing as ""by sheer chance""! First, you may think that the ""dialouges"" are nothing but symbols neatly arranged. But can you fight the feeling that there is more to this?In other words: if you are looking for a game that can take you to another level (both game-wise and mentallly spoken)  and leave you with a REAL experience - here it is!If you've ever wondered if there's a hidden world within games, you just found the game that will give you proof!As for the puzzles: they reach from ""ezee as hell"" to ""challenging and f*+++*g difficult"", but IMHO never unfair! The soundtrack is somewhat awesome though never gaining too much attention!Get it - you won't regret it, I promise!"
,Not Recommended,224760,16036200,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Auliyaa,"Just finished the game with 32 cubes and I will not go for the 64 cubes ending. Here is why:FEZ starts with a somehow refreshing and appealing concept. The pixel art is great (one of the best I have seen so far) and the basic concept of the game (rotating a 2D world) is pretty interesting.However, once the first impression faded out and I started exploring through more and more levels, I found myself before a pretty repetitive game that did not really find a way to use its gameplay to its full potential.I understand that the core concept of FEZ lies around the puzzles. Some of them are great, while I found the majority to be a pretty dull reuse of the same key you found at some point in the game (I will not go further since I don't want to spoil the game for anyone willing to try it).The platformer part is one of the biggest drawback of the game. The controls are sloppy and the rare parts where you need to precisely control your jumps can be a real pain in the ***.The musics are ok I guess. And while they do not really match with the graphical aspect of the maps, they are discrete enough not to become annoying.All in all, I found FEZ to be a cool concept with a pretty bad realization , wrapped inside an average puzzle game. I really tried to like this game, given all the hype that came around it. Pretty much a forgettable experience IMHO."
,Recommended,224760,9144100,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Nikki,It's fun and has lots of cool stuff.
76561198108006902,Recommended,224760,14170929,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,ItsMichD,"Fez is a cute game, with good graphics and the puzzles range from simple to complex. Though the story is very simple, and short, its a good game to play through quickly and easy to perfect. You're taken into different worlds, each with a different atmosphere and a complimentary soundtrack in order to find the 64 pieces of the puzzle. There were moments that were annoying or where you would get lost with the plethora of doors, and some puzzles required you to look up where certain pieces were(unless you know how to read QR codes and hex). The controls can be difficult to adjust to at first, but it becomes reflex quickly, and you learn how to maneuver the mazes easily. Overall, I'd say it was a good game."
,Recommended,224760,8294775,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Minuend,Worth it.
,Recommended,224760,10519876,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,ohyou,Mindblowing piece of art.
76561198025046156,Recommended,224760,12196812,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Dorkrock,"Crazy indepth puzzles, charming art style, great music. Once you've finished the game you haven't even began yet."
,Recommended,224760,7884131,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,[LoL]air8orne ranger,What a motherflippin good game! Pure Art!
76561198016893948,Recommended,224760,9134465,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Charlie TWAT,Best 9 hours of my live.
,Recommended,224760,10592278,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Bobbob2238,I love this game! It is very cute and has a lot of neat and challanging puzzles!
76561198093174572,Recommended,224760,10661551,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Cookies,"Despite being a relatively cheap game, contains hours of fun and a frustratingly difficult langauge to learn."
,Recommended,224760,9147989,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Finch,Perfect for people that are obsessed with collectibles.
,Recommended,224760,9941815,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,hmu if you got this horn relay,Get this game or I'll kill your dog.
76561198026866375,Recommended,224760,10686182,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,jayjaybeans,Such amazing gameplay. Love the 3D rotations. 10/10 would play again :D
76561198067148341,Recommended,224760,10689578,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,NAXX,"I like this kind of puzzle game, but it was impossible to get 100%achievement without walkthrough."
,Recommended,224760,10690129,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Pichon,Unique gameplay!
76561198071162637,Recommended,224760,24983868,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,BM33K,"Fez is a great game that harkens back to the 8 and 16 bit era platformers, but comes with an interesting twist. The game is 2D however it takes place in a 3D world so there are many different angles to each level. In order to complete each level you must change your view of the world in order to solve puzzles, bridge gaps, and scale towers and walls. It really adds a fun game mechanic to a genre that was getting pretty stale. For completionists, beware this game has a lot of unbelievably crazy secret levels and areas that are almost impossible to stumble upon on your own so you may need to seek help in the forums.8/10"
,Recommended,224760,8243706,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,jomaca92,FEZ is awesome. The puzzles are tough but rewarding. The artwork is phenomenal. Play it now.
,Recommended,224760,7998361,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Flytless,"Beautiful, trippy little game."
,Recommended,224760,7867493,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,catcake,FEZ is a boss game but it started to crash recently for my computer ;(
,Recommended,224760,8261995,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Cat in a Hat,Awesome game !
,Recommended,224760,8351250,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,igel_son,Great little game with beautiful pixelart and smart stage design. Can recommend using an Xbox controller for a better experience.
76561198074974779,Recommended,224760,7921313,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Farai,Cool Little Dude With A Sick Fez. The Angle Switching Is Mindblowing In This Game.
,Recommended,224760,8188909,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Rocket,interesting gaming experiance.
,Recommended,224760,8181759,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Midataur,This is a totally epic game. BUY IT BUY IT !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,224760,8284721,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,TychoPsycho,An amazing 2d platformer where every step can be in 4 directions
,Recommended,224760,7862653,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Gift,"FEZ ReviewFinally a game that make me think a little!FEZ is an island of originality in a sea of common puzzle platformers. Intelligent puzzles, an amazing ambient and a solid soundtrack make of this a must for any gamer.Phil Fish and his game definitly, despite it all, deserve the hipe."
76561198145396080,Recommended,224760,13593716,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,MickeyFuck,12/10
,Recommended,224760,3734594,"Posted: 18 May, 2013",all,tanasinn,It carries out and is wUPDATE 23/11/2016: still carries out
76561198039364346,Recommended,224760,7861196,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,SaneX,it´s very good game <3
76561198058372769,Recommended,224760,8441114,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Voltron,"This game is great, and good for the mind ;)"
76561198092645089,Recommended,224760,7991554,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Mr.Polon,"Beautiful game! Relax with wonderful music... Amazing worlds, Nice colors! 10/10 :D"
76561198108209003,Recommended,224760,8358786,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,(◕^^◕)BARAKKoDRAMA(◕^^◕,This is the most fun ive had playing a game since i started to play minecraft. Best game ever!!
,Recommended,224760,7884426,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,big data,YEZ
,Recommended,224760,14205065,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,AN AVALANCHE OF SPINACH,"So many negative reviews? What is this? This is an amazing game, Original and creative as ever. Hours of fun and it actually requires a bit of thinking, instead of the continual flow of spoon fed dopamine that is modern games today... Shoot shoot kill kill dopamine dose complete. This game is gorgeous, has the best soundtrack I've ever heard (T'is an opinion... plz) and honestly is so much fun simply exploring that I would reccomend this game to anyone and everyone. 11/10 Would play again!(Why do we care so much that Phil's an♥♥♥♥♥ everyone's an♥♥♥♥♥when you push their buttons, this guy made an amazing game, was GOING to make another but too many people were trying to take away/manipulate what was HIS creation and HIS conception that he felt it wasn't worth his time to create sequilitus maximus that wasn't how he envisioned it. Im sure that if someone tried to change a song you wrote into something completely different within the same key you too would be upset and respond in a less than friendly manner... get off Phil's D, He's not perfect just like the rest of us."
,Recommended,224760,15332532,"Posted: 12 April, 2015",all,VirgateSpy,"This is the most clever, ambitious and outright gorgeous exploration platformer that I've ever played. With a gigantic beautiful world to explore full of hidden lore and secrets that you can't even imagine and puzzles that actually make you think outside (really outside) the box and plenty of nods and homages to classic gaming.There's nothing quite like this game out there, and I doubt there ever will be, it's one of a kind."
,Recommended,224760,12296213,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Puffkins,"An incredibly cute and fun brain teaser.  It comes complete with its own languages, and tests you in a few ways I haven't been challenged before in games.  It is casual and easy, or you can strive to get all the cubes.Haters gonna hate, but I love me some Gomez."
,Recommended,224760,13607178,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Butcher182,its a good game
76561198077025018,Recommended,224760,13895345,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,The Grotesque Abomination,"This is a pure puzzle platformer down to the bone.You see there is no combat or real danger in this game, it is pure exploration.But this is where the game is innovative.You receive a magical fez that bestows you with the power to change perspectives from 2D to 3D at will.Use this new power to explore the landscapes and find secrets that were once invisible to you!It's a really groovy mechanic and the retro-bit graphics really bring the package together nicely.I recommend it to fans of exploration and pure puzzle platformers.9/10"
,Recommended,224760,14290270,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,PeterSorensen,This game is different than anything else I've played. Soundtrack is amazing. I enjoy this game.
76561197993353113,Recommended,224760,14359848,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,LETS GROOVE TONIGHT [Knife Crew],"Hard for me to rate this one. It wasn't good enough, gameplay-wise, that I felt compelled to finish, but the design and the effort put into it is laudable, to say the least. There's also something to be said about a game that doesn't urge you to finish it - this game doesn't push you along unwillingly, and I appreciate that. Overall, I have to recommend this because I've never seen anything like it and I just can't get over the core mechanic. Beyond that, it's hard to say how a given individual will enjoy this one."
,Recommended,224760,15134009,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,orgnzekrnge,"I believe that any creative work should be judged on the basis of the work alone, with perhaps only a cursory notice to the life of the creator as a means to color what their thought process may have been in constructing each detail. That said, Fez is a visionary effort in the puzzle-platformer genre that successfully strikes a balance between easy-going fun and intermediate mental exercise.When it's good, it's great. It's a relaxing experience that neither over engages you into a stupor nor bores you into hitting the 'ESC' key as you navigate through a seemingly never ending journey to collect those cubes. What's more, you can pick it up and come back to it days later without losing your place, making it a great choice for gamers with a busy life outside of games.Just be sure to explore each area completely before proceeding to the next, or you'll end up like me, just a few cubes off completing the game and backtracking all over the place. But here's how I know that I really do like Fez:I don't even mind."
,Recommended,224760,7878615,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Lambda (period-san),"A platformer game that focus to explore and find items (reminds me mario64).Quite large & many unique levels to explore. But some puzzles may be unfair, even feel like to search spoilers...------------------レトロな見た目のアクションゲームだけど、やる事は64以降のいろんなとこ探検して星探しみたいなスタイルのゲーム。独特の世界観は好きな人ならハマる。だが一部謎解きがえらく理不尽。"
,Recommended,224760,8118730,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,JEVS,yes many good. replay yes. you buy now.
76561198043427021,Recommended,224760,8240414,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Lyn Libellule,Awesome
76561198042019188,Recommended,224760,8179426,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Am I a BLACK man?,"Fez was absolutely mindblowing. It had a brilliantly fitting soundtrack and a firm grasp on platforming and puzzles. If you want games similar to Fez, then you should check out ""Perspective."" It uses the same sort of ideas drawn in Fez."
,Recommended,224760,8702817,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,☹ S A D   B O Y S ☹,phil fish moar liek phil bish.oooooh
76561198085434867,Recommended,224760,8216960,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Tardislover1301,FEZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZZGET FEZ NOWI SAID NOWWWWWWWWWWWWWWW.........ok so now that you have it know it has a awesome soundtrack i amazing gameplay and storyBEAUTIFUL art and most important is the story revoles around a magic FEZOMG FEZ U ARE AWESOME(fezes are cool)
,Recommended,224760,10842670,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,GameFreakFire76,"How should I describe Fez? Well, Fez is a puzzle-adventure game like no other. The game has beautiful graphics and sound and delivers a very challenging...challenge. It has a cool concept and plenty of things to do albeit there are times where it gets frustrating when you can't solve puzzles, but that's not the game's fault. it's all dependent on the gamer's intuition. All that being said, this game deserves 10/10"
,Recommended,224760,10853327,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,LoudNInja,ERMAHGERD!!!! Best 10 hours of mah life
,Recommended,224760,9678608,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Bloodpix,"The FEZ is not with me. After playing about an hour of this game I feel like I get the hang of it, but this puzzle game just blew my mind in the next 20 minutes. It made me rage. ME. It takes alot of things to make me rage. Im not saying its a bad rage though. It a "" I cant process this rightnow"" rage. Its a turning puzzle adventure where you must locaet blocks, jump through portals...and do something.....dont totally remember. I had a big rage recently. Anyway the first hour or so ( depending on how knowledged you are and how fast you are with this sort of thing ) is pretty simple yet complexly simple. After that, it steps up about 3 levels and you are at a loss ( unless your good at this sort of thing ) I dont really see many problems with the game. A not so simple puzzle adventure. Great graphics. Great music. I would definetly give it a 8/10, but im not sure about recommending it. I think it would benefit it if it was multiplayer. Then there was a whole new multiplayer world where you and friends had to work together to get pieces. I think that would definetly earn it a 9/10. I will recommend it just because its a good puzzle game and it really tests your thinking and platforming skills."
,Not Recommended,224760,11788913,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,UntoldOmen,"Game is ok, this is more a case of Phil Fish being an entitled c*nt who doesn't deserve any money or support what so ever, if wanna check this game out pirate it. don't make the mistake i made of giving this sh*thead money."
76561198055435005,Recommended,224760,11827391,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Theroguegeek,"Great game, really makes you think and encourages you to just explore without focusing on much."
,Recommended,224760,11850355,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Streakstar,"This is a very nice puzzle game that only feels like a puzzle about half the time. If you enjoy puzzles and have never seen any videos on this game, I would recommend picking it up. However, if you're one of those people who look up solutions to puzzles, or you've watched a playthrough before, I'd suggest you pass on it as it would be a waste. I watched a playthrough before, and because of that I knew many of the secrets way before I was meant to figure them out. I completed the entire game, including all of the secrets, in less than a day (I had to change my computer's clock, otherwise it would've taken me 2-3 days, YES there's a secret that makes you wait several irl days to complete). It was a fun game and I enjoy playing it, I just believe with my knowledge of the game before-hand, the $10 was wasted, it ruined the entire aspect of discovery because I knew how everything worked the instant I got to it.But like I said, if you have never seen anything about this game, and you love puzzles and discoveries and want to be dedicated enough to figure out everything on your own without looking up a guide, YOU WILL LOVE THIS GAME. It has everything, puzzles, secrets, even it's own language! And they aren't the kind of secrets you have to look up (well, except the red heart puzzles, but those have no impact on the game, they're mainly for completionists who want an extreme puzzle challenge), everything you need to know to discover a secret is right there in the game, somewhere, and once you find it you figure out how to solve the puzzles that stumped you before, then you want to run around to areas with unsolved puzzles and complete them (oh and btw, the world map shows you when an area has been completed, so it's easy to tell when you still have a secret).tl;dr: If you've watched a let's play or any tutorials on this game, or you like to look up guides to complete puzzles, this isn't the game for you and it would be a waste of money. But if you enjoy puzzles and love a challenge, and are blind to the game, I highly highly recommend it."
76561198080605900,Recommended,224760,11884175,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Uncle SniperAustinmanoness,You wear a Fezenough said
,Recommended,224760,12040993,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,saltless,"★★★★★ charming puzzle-platformer, then U realise—"
76561198151568799,Recommended,224760,12067972,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,EigenBaby,"After watching Indie Game: The Movie (which I highly recommend), I played FEZ in one sitting.  It was awesome.Pros:Intricate platforming.  Beautiful pixel art.  Gorgeous 80s synth chiptunes.  A big open world for Gomez to explore, with INSANE mysteries to be solved.  This game is SATISFYING to beat.Cons:If you go into this game not knowing anything about the nature of the puzzles, it's highly unlikely that you'll solve them, or even to know when you're looking at one.  This is exacerbated by the fact that the world map is very convoluted, and time-consuming to traverse.However, if you go in hungry for a challenge, FEZ pays off big time.  Just remember to bring a pen and paper, and don't ignore the writing on the walls, so to speak.Do I care about the drama surrounding Phil Fish?  No.  Would I pay for a sequel?   Hell yes.8.5/10"
76561198039299380,Recommended,224760,12048168,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Arowhite,"OK i'll go straight to the point... FEZ is one of the best game i've played ever.The gameplay is pure genius ! Beatiful, deep, hard puzzles, rich, immersive, surprising, i can't say much without revealing core mechanics, but if you like indie platformers, you will LOVE this one.Just buy it. Now. Do it, NOW !"
,Recommended,224760,11116292,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,ya got shanghaied,Great game ^^ I was actually mindblown by the 2D-3D perspective. Nice 9/10!
,Recommended,224760,10883895,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Big Buff Cheeto Puff,"If you're a bit iffy on the pixel graphic games, this game will win you over. Great soundtrack, great gameplay, and relaxing. It's not a platformer like Super Meat Boy where you'll eventually just get frustrated (unless you're really good) either. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,224760,10976969,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,[GGVF] JadexCorp,"Lis is grate gaym, bucoss it hase a grate storilyne abowt a yung boy ant hiz mothrs controwl ova hym.I lofe le gaymplai wif lotz off pussel ellyments in it. It haz a veri sad storilyne wif a byg plote twiste at le ent off le gaym wot maycks me cri evatim.plez Lick dis iff u all so cri evatim!!!!!"
,Recommended,224760,11274007,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Traumaturge,"Phil Fish is the Billy Corgan of indie games in that whilst he is incredibly easy to dislike, it's very hard to actually discredit him as far as game development. FEZ is a beautiful platformer in both its aesthetic and its mechanics; and is by far one of the best ""indie"" titles of the past few years."
76561198043035567,Recommended,224760,13441866,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,An Arbitrary Hominid,"I came very late to the ""FEZ"" party, and I missed most of the hype, the backlash, and the attacks on Phil Fish. And so, I was pleased to discover a very good platformer and puzzler. Like the 8 and 16 bit games that FEZ is paying tribute to, the controls are 99% solid and correct, and the graphics and animations are uniquely compelling. That is to say, I liked almost all of FEZ.Until the very last puzzles, which seemed to be just arbitrary. Instead of time, observation, and thought, there seemed to be no other option than to seek out a walkthrough. Maybe it's an artistic statement, but the game felt a bit less rewarding because of that. It's still great though, and I hope Fish returns to making games one day."
,Recommended,224760,13396126,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,Mutant Renegade,"Oh my god everything about this game is amazing, the gameplay is fun and challenging, the soundtrack is heavenly and just buy this game. Buy it now."
,Recommended,224760,13456849,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,TheFreeWheelin'Q,One of the most beautiful games I have ever played
,Recommended,224760,13462625,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,psyCtrl,"Entspannendes atmosphärischses Jump N' Run-Puzzle-Game mit liebevoll gestalteter Pixel-Art-Retro-Grafik, passendem Soundtrack, sowie humorvoller und mysteriöser Story mit durchweg sympathischen, naiven Charakteren.Definitive Empfehlung für Leute die Bock auf leicht gehirnverknotenden, amüsanten, wenn auch repetitiven Jump N' Run-Spaß haben. Wie immer am besten im Sale zuschlagen."
76561198056389390,Recommended,224760,11542344,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Frankilled,"After watching 'Indie game: the movie', i decided to try this game out and i was not disapointed. Smooth game with interresting graphics and awesome music. Golden."
,Recommended,224760,10959535,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,thevraptor,"There aren't many words that exist to accurately describe FEZ.There are LOTS of positives to this game. Firstly, the concept is fantastic. Who would've thought to make a 2D platformer that you can rotate? The devs could have easily ♥♥♥♥ed up the mechanics in this game regarding said rotation, but they had enough intelligence to not let it be so, and I admire that. The art style was also very nice. It wass a cutesy-patoosty pixelated style, with good integration of 3D shapes. Also, this game doesn't force the story on you. It gives you little clues and hints, and you figure it out on your own. This game very strongly broke the stereotype of indie games being short. It took me 10 hours to complete this game, and I imagine it would take you a lot longer to collect all the cubes. FEZ is also very stable, as I did not encounter a single glitch.But, just like any game, it is not perfect. Sometimes I felt that some of the puzzles were too easy. Some. Most puzzles were pretty adequate and there were a few puzzles that were extremely hard. This game, however, doesn't require you to complete said hard puzzles, so you mostly had to drag yourslef through the easy-adequate ones. Also, there was virtually no penalty for dying. I can understand why this is, as the game is already long enough with out it, but a death penalty would have at least been nice. Lastly, there is not a lot of replay value. You might want to replay it to collect all the cubes and explore more, but the campaign is so long that most of it would become a drag.In short, this is a puzzler/ exploration/platformer/2D/2.5D/3D game. The art style is nice, the mechanics are great and is only held back by the absence of more challenging puzzles and mediocre amount of replay value. This game is almost easily worth $10, but lucky me got it for a quaint $1.49. I deeply recommend this game.Final Verdict:Too Bad FEZ 2 Was Cancelled :(9.1/10"
76561198098464208,Recommended,224760,11014350,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Paige_Bot,"This game is mind-blowing. Deceptively easy at first, the puzzles that are within are fun and frustrating at the same time. The way the game is made is simplistic but when you throw in the 3D platform jumping, it makes everything smooth and accessible. A great concept with even better execution. I recommend for all platform game lovers."
,Recommended,224760,10930042,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,The_Strayanator,"I Love this Game!It may just be a small indie game that doesn't take long to finish but it is just so fun to be able to play in a 2D world and flip sides around a 3D object.I think that if you haven't played this, you should buy it and play it and decide for yourself whether it's fun, my opinion is that is is sooooo fun.This game is a must play game!"
,Recommended,224760,11111996,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Oliver Nippletwist,"I loved this game. I put about 10 hours into it, and it was worth it. I picked it up during the Summer Sale, so I probably got it for around $5. Well worth it.The game won all kinds of awards, and it shows. It has beautiful world design. It's a very nice and relaxing kind of game, where you're free to just walk around and explore, and you solve puzzles and look for cubes.It's one of those games that's just pretty easy going to play, but still feels challenging.Great game, would definitely recommend it."
,Recommended,224760,11329155,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Arkaid,"Overall, I like it. The game mechanics are amazingly fun and I love the puzzly nature of having to rotate the view to find a way through the platforms. The pixelated are is adorable and I would say it's a fun, entertaining game.My only complaint would be the obscurity of the of the ""secret"" unlocks. There is no way in game to find out how to unlock some of the secrets and I ended up having to check an online walkthrough to figure out that some of the hieroglyphs were in fact button combos ( left, right, up, down, jump, etc ) that you had to do in sequence to unlock those areas. My first and only thought was ""How the hell was I supposed to know that?"" The game doesn't give you any hints anywhere on what those symbols mean and the only way to find out is either online or dumb luck.The non-obscure parts are fun. The ones that you have to go online to figure out what to do are a bummer. 7 / 10"
,Recommended,224760,11385698,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,GummyKat,"At first I thought it was 2D... but then wow! Surprises are throughout this game. You will find puzzles difficult to figure out if you don't follow others' guides..or maybe not you, but I'm totally in a mess when I try to find Anti-cube > . <! Anyway,love this game!"
,Recommended,224760,11428866,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,(´｡• ᵕ •｡`),"10/10 !!Definately worth your money~!It's a little confusing, after you get the hang of it/pay attention to the map/legend for hints it's truly a lot of fun.This game is excellent for indie/puzzle game lovers!I recommend you trying if you havent (:"
76561198121991958,Recommended,224760,11482579,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Nacnud,"This game is fun, mind-bending, and overall, just plain fun!If you like unique puzzle games, then this is a game for you!10/10"
,Recommended,224760,11314490,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,The Turtle Wagon,This game is very good. Would buy again.
,Recommended,224760,10750676,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Codex,"For a 2d (sorta) platformer (also sorta) puzzle game, this is the best one I've bought so far. Creative mechanics, fantastic music, obnoxious sidekick that goes ""Hey, listen!"", this game has it all."
,Recommended,224760,11299042,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,SplashTastic,"A fun puzzle game to play on the go, easy to start and continue anywhere with no preperation, and with a great scenery and soundtrack it's a lot of fun."
76561198023933103,Recommended,224760,11402486,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,PleaBargain69,I love the hat thing.
,Recommended,224760,11498595,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,deRanny,"FEZ is the most unique puzzle game I have ever indulged in. The world it throws you into is incredibly large, and a treat to explore. The puzzles proved to be very difficult at times; lots of trial and error and screaming on my part.I highly recommend this game. It was truly a grand adventure.Also, invest in the soundtrack. Just go ahead and do it. The music is amazing."
76561198105223291,Recommended,224760,20021789,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,yu207,209.4/100
,Recommended,224760,21288730,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,The Jazzy Goose Boy,This game was really fun to play but my computer crashed near the begining just when I was getting into the story.
76561198006546984,Recommended,224760,8195844,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Malice,"Phillip Fish may be a♥♥♥♥♥♥ but FEZ is great game - one of the examples that games can be considered an art. It's unique, challenging, and fun. The world he created is addictive, graphics are really nice, and music... Check it for yourself, it's worth every penny."
,Recommended,224760,8471589,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Rabbit,"I wholeheartedly recommend this game to everyone who has a brain. FEZ is the story of a guy named Gomez who lives in the 2D world. He is chosen to do retrieve pieces of something and is given the power of 3D in a 2D world.This game is a puzzle adventure kind of game, but is really laid back. Although not graphic intensive, it has some cool scenary to appreciate. Aside from that, the puzzles in this game are really thoughtful. To solves these puzzles, you really need to take some time to think about the puzzle, and in most cases is a trial and error solution. You think the storyline to this game is simple at first, but along the way, you discover more things that make you just sit and say ""Wow, this game is more complicated than I thought."" I did, too. The work that went into this game really paid off. This game even has it's own language for you to learn in which to help you solve puzzles. I really recommend this game to you guys, as it's only $10 for this much fun. I spent almost 20 hours playing this game and enjoyed it very much."
76561198047091998,Recommended,224760,10441926,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,binbaggamer,Incredible game with some impossible puzzles.  And just listen to that soundtrack...
76561198058857734,Recommended,224760,10012901,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Valendren,Its cute but some puzzels arent meant to be solved on pc rather your suppose to have an xbox controller to figure out hte meaning of some of them. (your suppose to press a bunch of random buttons that relate to branch like patterns on stone tomb like objects)But the game itself is enjoyable
,Recommended,224760,10255930,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,Eexlebots,"This is game is so simple at first, and then beocmes wonderfully deeper and more complez as you go along. Hyponotic, gorgous, and at times frustrating (in the best possible way). In an odd sense, FEZ reminds me of some blissfull mix between Mario 64, Nebulus for the old 8-bit systems, and the short story Flatland."
,Recommended,224760,10269233,"Posted: 28 May, 2014",all,kaironinthetardis,Such an amazing game and great soundtrack I recommend you buy the games and the soundtrack has a good replay value and makes you think.
76561198036156656,Recommended,224760,7915403,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,eys,I recommend this game.
,Recommended,224760,14358847,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,spire,Cool!
,Recommended,224760,8817879,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Deevo #Clownfiesta,"Great game, not easy, but peaceful."
,Recommended,224760,7933621,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Formiga,"A Really beautiful game, with an outstanding idea, Phil Fish is a genious.Make yourself a favor and Play this game , RIGHT ♥♥♥♥ING NOW."
,Recommended,224760,8173458,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Imi,This is amazing! Love the old school gameplay with the 3D twist. And it's pacing for the rising difficulty level is just right! :D
76561197999741273,Recommended,224760,7894226,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Xi,Put yourself into the character... Get into the world around you... Let it blow your mind.
,Recommended,224760,8584543,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,[AKS] Okaria,"A real indie gem, the game centers around adorable little 2D protagonist Gomez. After inadvertently splintering the universe and dooming all existence to oblivion, he is bestowed a mystical Fez and the power to traverse three dimensions.The amount of love and attention to detail that went into this game is immediately apparent. It will take all of your will power not to spend hours aimlessly spinning the camera's perspective and taking in the world, music and characters of Fez."
76561198069456013,Recommended,224760,7911947,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Hungolomghnonoloughongous,"FEZ is a great puzzle game that keeps the player on its toes. Using the 3D along with the 2D world helps bring FEZ to life. I haven't played much of FEZ yet, but I can already tell from playing the first 15 minutes, that this game is really going to be fun to play and that I won't get bored of it. The music in this game is also very relaxing and goes along with the game very well."
76561197979082180,Recommended,224760,10633076,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,slain,"This game is trippy. The puzzles start to feel a little repetitive after awhile, but it's definitely worth playing. Mechanics re creative."
,Recommended,224760,10657141,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,MrGamer139,Pretty damn cool.
,Recommended,224760,10802244,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,wiwing,"very interesting game that make me so immerse to the game world, Fez really has a beautiful world and challenging puzzles"
76561198072007055,Recommended,224760,10880086,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,jprictoe,awesome
76561198107765708,Recommended,224760,10731889,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,DerpyMcDerpykins,"A great game, well built, confusing and cryptic as hell."
,Recommended,224760,247460,"Posted: 1 May, 2013",all,Stemot,Fantastic and adorable platform puzzler with a mechanic which is used to interest effect to create some excellent puzzles. Well worth the price. 9/10
,Recommended,224760,8229607,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Duck,Its a fun game some levels are pretty cofusing its fast graphics are good basic controls could be closer together but altogether rating would have to be 9.5/10 i would definitely reccomend it to others but it's a shame that its quite expensive. (=
,Recommended,224760,8240779,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,GODFATHA,"Probably my favorite indie game ever! I originaly found out about this game through a documentory on independent developers. After realizing the behind work and struggle just to get the game into stores i noticed that the game was on sale for only $5.So if u see it on sale, don't be afriad to pick it up, you'll be suprised how addicting it can become ;)"
,Recommended,224760,8367471,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Mr.Origami 折り紙さん,"I saw the documaentary that tell about the brilliant developer of this game maybe a couple of years ago and I was incredebly impressed about his ""creature"" and even incredebly sad that he signed the first contract release for Microsoft xbox platform only. Now, is finally available for all the computer systems (great sign to have it for Linux too) and we got something really great.I see all of his passion here and, as C64 and NES ""old fart"" user from the really past, I can't hold a little tear of commotion playing and enjoying this product. Great, great job. You deserve all the waiting, bro! +++++"
,Recommended,224760,2318737,"Posted: 29 September, 2013",all,s7ahL-VM,"Incredible game!It's no some KFC-game or sth else!u cant play it to the end in one day or a moment,thus u can enjoy it better!and it's good for ur Intelligence and u can improve ur mathematics(especially geomatry)"
,Recommended,224760,3215671,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,Jurassic Jord!,"I saw this game on a weekend deal for $5 and when I saw that its rating was so high, I couldn't resist giving it a chance. I am quite a big indie game fan especially platformers, but this one felt more like a puzzle. In fact, I'd say it's a perfect combination of an adventure, platformer and puzzle game. The feature mechanic is that you can rotate the world which forces you to constantly visualize in 3D as well as in 2D. It works flawlessly in my opinion. This game has a lot of content for an indie game, not only do you have to collect 32 cubes, you can also collect 32 anti-cubes and unlock a♥♥♥♥♥♥ton of secrets. The music and visuals are top notch, they fit each other and highly remind me of the indie game SuperBrothers: Sword and Sworcery EP. The only flaw I have with this little gem is that travelling between levels can be a pain if you forgot a secret in a certain room. You cannot teleport to whichever level you want, you must pass through warp holes. It's not so bad since you gotta use the map smartly and it adds gameplay value since you cannot rush to whichever place you want. This game entirely deserves its praise, I'll give it a 90/100. A must for every indie games fan."
76561198061670648,Recommended,224760,8302862,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Kruxization,"I've been keeping away from this game because of it's low price, but I finally decided to pick up the game. I have gotten more content and experience from this game than most AAA titles I have played. The first 30 minutes of gameplay was lacking in gameplay and almost made me stop playing, but after I came back to it I couldn't stop. The ingenious platforming and puzzles Phil Fish has crafted in FEZ are not only addicting but also incite you to challenge yourself and explore the world.I don't normally play games to 100% completion but FEZ is an exception. The game pushes me to the edges of contemplation and back. Everytime you think you've seen the end FEZ adds another layer of depth. Gamers of all ages and backgrounds can enjoy FEZ because of it's easy to pick up controls and lively graphics. Phil Fish truly has made a masterpiece of gaming with FEZ, and I can't wait to see what comes next. From owls to space, you won't be able to stop playing FEZ."
,Recommended,224760,8309949,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Untitled-1,"this is a beautiful game, almost impossible to stop playing, so many twists and turns and amazing puzzles"
,Recommended,224760,1574843,"Posted: 21 May, 2013",all,ManyNekoZ,"How can such an adorable game, filled with love and passion, be made by such a hateful person? I suppose he really is just so serious about game design he fails to acknowledge people's feelings/reactions. It makes me laugh though, how Phil Fish was so hell-bent on making it an XBLA EXCLUSIVE ONLY, because XBOX IS MASTER RACE, then changes his mind(gets his head out of his♥♥♥♥♥ again) and puts it on Steam. I'm glad he did though, I was sorely disappointed when it was announced. It looks so amazing, but it was on XBOX ONLY. Well, now that I got a chance to play it, I've finally gotten to appreciate it, even though I don't appreciate the creator all that much. It's fun, it's challenging, it takes you through a plethora of emotions, it's a game worth playing. Buy it, play it, love it."
76561198006049374,Recommended,224760,2343619,"Posted: 7 September, 2013",all,hdave74,"This is a great game - screenshots and even video don't do it justice. I didn't really understand its greatness until I started to play. Changing perspectives to find your way forward is engaging enough and unique enough that none of the parts of my brain that indicate I'm solving a puzzle become engaged.If I realize I'm being presented with a puzzle, I usually get irritated and turn a game off... I don't like having puzzles sprinkled into action, or platforming, or really anything other than an explicit puzzle game. The puzzles in this game are so naturally integrated, though, that I'm able to get the mental reward for solving them without feeling any of the exhaustion that comes with recognizing a puzzle. The only other hybrid-puzzle game I can think of  that's been as successful at fooling me into enjoying it is Portal 2, which is pretty good company for an indie endeavor like this.Fez is worth full price, and definitely worth it when on sale."
,Recommended,224760,2509852,"Posted: 8 May, 2013",all,望月 紅葉,THANK YOU PHIL FISH
,Recommended,224760,8273103,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,[DK Krew] M9|Fildon,"Fantastic game. The fundamental game mechanic revolves around projecting 3D space onto 2D Orthographic planes. Navigating in this space will gradually blow your mind. In addition, the art work is simple, but beautiful; and the music throughout is excellent."
,Recommended,224760,1437045,"Posted: 14 August, 2013",all,coldfrog,"If you go into this game expecting Myst, you'll be disappointed to get Riven.  This game is ostensibly a puzzle game, but it's really an exploration game.  The idea is more of discovering and exploring a curious world and learning its ins and outs.  There are definitely some puzzles, but they're either extremely simple or spread across the world.  There are a lot of things to like, as long as you're ready for the experience.Side note: if you don't have a QR reading app or know what that means, you will be disappointed, as they use this in several places as puzzle ""solutions"".  Even though I have one I feel like this is extremely weak game design, but I'd also say it's the greatest weakness the game has.  I do recommend this if you want a vast, curious world to explore."
,Recommended,224760,7975154,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Eli_z,"In the first hour'ish, It has some goods and bads. It's an excellent puzzle game, but has too many objectives, It's overwhelming to have so many maps to have to go to. So far 8/10, you get used to it."
76561198113984612,Recommended,224760,8024136,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,Strontium,"I bought this game during the autumn sale for a little over $2 and let me say it was a fantastic game. When this game first came out I remember hearing about all the great reviews this game was getting, and how it was a must-buy, but it never really interested me. I finally bought this game because the deal seemed to good to pass up, and I do not think I have been more pleasantly surprised by a game. I really enjoyed this game and if you like solving puzzles this is also the game for you.The graphics are certainly not the best, but that is the point. However, they are charming at times and the music score fits the environments really well.In my opinion this concept of discovering the third dimension and rotating the space to access new areas was a really interesting and novel idea, and it was done very well. Also the codes in this game show just how much effort the developer put into this game, which to say is quite a lot. Although the controls could be a bit annoying at times, this game overall was fantastic, I am very happy I bought it, and have enjoyed every moment I spent playing it.I would recommend this game to anyone looking to be challenged by some zany puzzles whilst having loads of fun."
,Recommended,224760,10096312,"Posted: 12 May, 2014",all,Indie,"Amazing in every single way, AMAZING visuals, awesome soundtrack, fun puzzles and an amazing game! This game gets an A/5"
,Recommended,224760,8693684,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,JKNIGHT,"Fun, entertaining, beautiful. Puzzles that will drive you insane or epileptic. Bottom line, you should buy it."
,Recommended,224760,9555603,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,kebman,"The game you know from the film. This game is the cutest and most feel-good thing I've ever played. It just makes me happy all over. At the same time it's quite challenging. So sad the creator decided to quit and ask everyone of his fans to go to hell... Chill out and come back, dude! We really need more games from you! :)"
,Not Recommended,224760,10668505,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,liquidco2,"overratedyeah the developer has had amazing amount of hatebut the game was over rated, if you overlook the quirky2D/3D swap it's nothing more than a platformer that holds no ground"
76561198065245587,Recommended,224760,8283233,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,FrostCrusher,A very neat idea that brings new life to platformers
76561198120362090,Recommended,224760,30016391,Posted: 18 February,all,lel4985,"Beautiful soundtrack, stunning graphics, and intelligent gameplay. This game will get you frustrated, but it's worth it."
,Recommended,224760,7867900,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Chron0,"Grande idea, ottimo platform. Musiche trippy."
,Recommended,224760,11310025,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Adam,"Unique and fun. Amazing style, setting, and soundtrack.  I 'finished' it in about 6 hours, but there is so much that I didn't even see."
,Recommended,224760,11310403,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,ReecieKups,"More difficult than you might think at first glance.  Really fun, lots of areas, but not as long as I would have liked it to be9/10 would still buy again."
76561198165386499,Recommended,224760,26605794,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,bee larry king,Scanning QR Codes is not a puzzle.A+
,Recommended,224760,24470911,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Jonald Tronp,Pythagoras didn't need to design a game to determine that the world wasn't flat.
76561198065929972,Recommended,224760,32297915,Posted: 9 June,all,TheDarkWeapon,11BUY IT ♥♥♥♥♥S!!H4X00R
,Recommended,224760,11883907,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Arkham IKnight,Pretty game in every term .What I like most about FEZ is the game design it's not one way game like most 2d platformer games .The puzzles are good with many secrets to solve and discover .My personal rate 8/10
,Recommended,224760,24087079,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Nuclear Nacho,"This game is amazing, i havent even jumped into what it has to offer yet, and im still awed by it! There is hate because of the developer and etc. But who should care because of him. The game itself is a masterpeice! If your into puzzles or platformers, this is the best game for you! Some hidden references to things too!9/10 Great game! Totaly get this :D"
76561198148960285,Recommended,224760,31384906,Posted: 26 April,all,Wraalstad,This is a fun game but the creator seems like a jackass.
76561198015758956,Not Recommended,224760,14894493,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,mungo the destroyer,not recommending on the grounds of Phil Fish being a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561197996558186,Not Recommended,224760,15656509,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,Thorgrax,https://fbcdn-sphotos-d-a.akamaihd.net/hphotos-ak-xap1/t31.0-8/1907845_704785079558812_8582160374046638663_o.jpghttps://imgur.com/VeLuwV5Candidate for one of the worst games ever.I hope the corrupt Dev never ever makes a game again. Or anything for that matter. One of the worst examples of a spineless autistic SJW whiteknight and acts like a six year old child throwing a temper tantrum against his own customers.An absolute disgusting piece of feces. Crap is a compliment for this filth. This goes for both the game and the dev.
,Recommended,224760,14404022,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,whigwam,Trapped in a FEZ factory. Please send help.
,Recommended,224760,9835572,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,MeleeKirby,"FEZ is a game I've heard a lot about. And I've heard even more of it ever since the controversey with the creator last year. I finally decided to give it a go.On one hand, it's clearly a carefully crafted, interactive masterpiece. Everything feels right, and as you get to grips with the controls and how the game works, it's simply a joy to play.On the other hand, it isn't perfect. Navigation is a little clunky, and the post-game quest to completely collect everything is near-impossible to do because some of the stuff you have to figure out is extremely cryptic. I like to think of myself as a smart individual, but after spending hours and making very little progress, I referred to a walkthrough to see where I was going wrong. I concluded that most people simply cannot 100% (or ""200%"") this game without a guide or walkthrough.None the less, the initial experience from the start to the credits was really fun, and I'm giving the recommendation on that alone. Don't expect the post-game to be as enjoyable unless you're a member of Mensa."
,Recommended,224760,15850188,"Posted: 16 May, 2015",all,Snuggles,"Played it a few years after all the rumblings about Phil Fish, and long enough that any residual hype had died down.The result? This game is one of my favorites of all time. Not one of the best, but it's fun, challenging, and far more complex than I gave it credit for. I won't hype it any more than it's already gotten. I recommend it to virtually everyone. Don't look anything up before or when you play. If you run into riddles you can't solve, come back to them in New Game+Get it on sale if you think 6-8 hours is too thin for a 10 dollar experience. (that isn't counting New Game+ though)<3 Fez"
,Recommended,224760,10948692,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Fwysnoe,"I'm getting more and more into this game the longer I play it. From my standpoint of someone who grew up right in the golden age of the platformer collectaton I must say that this game literally brought a couple of tears to my eyes of the feelings and memories it brought back to when I played Mario, Banjo and Kazooie, Conkers bad fur day, and just god knows how many other titles I've experienced. The game is quarky and keeps you wanting to see all the different ways they have cleverly warped the game so that you collect everything and find all the hidden goodies in store for you. Normally I'm not a fan of indie titles, but with this game, I'm a sucker for no doubt. I normally would of overlooked this game but something about it grabbed me and I'm glad it did. I recommend it for anyone looking for some retro feels that bring the love of the sunday afternoon platformer maraton back into your life because it has for me. Now excuse me, I'll be playing the game now, chao~!TL;DR 10/10 buy now or risk missing a chance for goldAFTER 100% CLEAR:Forget what I said earlier, this game literally was just plain incredible. The way the maps and secrets were designed were so well I had to keep trying to figure out what to do next and how and where the last items were. Finding and figuring out puzzles, patterns, and even learning a new languange just to beat this game really shows its creative muscle for sure. Highly recommend this game for someone looking for a good challenge and just a great way to kill some time."
76561198086747436,Recommended,224760,25966986,"Posted: 10 October, 2016",all,MARINE588,Casual game with very nice 8 bit music.
,Recommended,224760,12988448,"Posted: 17 November, 2014",all,amp200123,"Amazing game that gets more and more complex with every minute. The pplatforming is retty good and the puzzles are really well thought out. I mean, seriously, some of these puzzles are genius."
,Recommended,224760,5815210,"Posted: 10 May, 2013",all,euske,"Sigh. I wanted to like this game so much. The visual is stunning, the music is awesome, and the mechanics is groundbreaking.  I just liked the overall atomosphere. The game had almost everything for telling a powerful story, and yet it  totally blew it. First of all, the game is relying too much on that ""code"" thing... why would you do that? I mean, ANY game can do this. Why not clever use of the game mechanics? Atop of that, the game has no message. With a proper narrative, this game could be a true gem. Maybe I had a little too much of expectation for this, but I can now say this game is full of missed opportunities. It is just sad. Recommendation? Screw it."
,Recommended,224760,8274386,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Ascathon,"Looks can deceive. Difficult puzzles, if you want a perfect game. One of the best games I played this year."
,Recommended,224760,7961230,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Azriel Odin,OmG diss gaem ams art best i ams onskul phil fishs bebis buy phill need money feedba2y gg
,Recommended,224760,4160290,"Posted: 6 September, 2013",all,Steelclaw1313,A gorgeous game with a gorgeous concept. FEZ is one of the most creative games I've ever played. The enviorment in beautiful and the gameplay is excelent. Highly recommended.
76561197986932207,Not Recommended,224760,7808879,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,loogawa,"I was interested in playing this game from Indie Game the Movie and years of trailers and teasers. The game is absolutely beautiful but that feels like thats all it is. The gameplay isn't fun and is almost non-existant in parts, lots of walking around and spinning the camera, which at first is amazing and beautiful, but after fifteen minutes you are bored of it.The puzzles mostly consist of spinning the camera around while walking around to see things, and if you're lucky you'll bump into what you want."
,Recommended,224760,9554266,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,BAJAMBLES,I've never played a game easier than Fez.I've never played a game harder than Fez.I've never played a game like Fez. 8.25/10
,Recommended,224760,16336333,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,maxwelld,"Great puzzle platformer with space-bending mechanics, neat graphics and hardcore second game inside. Feels like cousin of Braid"
76561198091831913,Recommended,224760,16435517,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,~Anonimoninomiguchi~,"This is honestly one of the best games I've played. I always loved the old little cheat codes you'd need to search for, for older video games, and the fact that this has that similar feel makes me feel like a kid again haha.  I love how super cute and adorable the characters are. At first I could not jump without dying twenty times in one spot. The constant falling honestly♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥me off a bit only cause of my lack of patience and curiosity of what will be in the next place.I definately think it is worth buying and I really suggest watching upcoming sales if you don't feel like bying it for the full price."
76561198110944004,Recommended,224760,17781771,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,Peachy Waffle,Fez is not just another puzzle platformed that just brings interesting game mechanics to the table!.... oh wait.... yes it is8/10+1 points for beautiful artstyle
,Recommended,224760,31163015,Posted: 15 April,all,Jott,"This game is basically a puzzle platformer that requires almost no platforming skills. In fact there is only one room (rising lava *cough*) that was remotely challenging for a non expert like me. The focus of this game lies on exploration. The world is beautifully crafted and contains puzzles that were too hard for me to figure out on my own. It has been a long time since I had to consult the internet that often for hints.That being said: If you like hard puzzles and exploration, this is the game for you. This game uses it's own alphabet and number system and you have to learn both of them before you can even grasp most of the puzzles. Oh and you should definitely play with a controller because some puzzles actually use the vibrations to tell you what to do."
,Recommended,224760,31143076,Posted: 14 April,all,josh_basurto,"Very entertaining, and addictive. Super cool the change of perspective and not demmanding a lot of your PC."
76561198346243193,Recommended,224760,31184857,Posted: 16 April,all,RDAVLDBOO,"This Game Is Amazing! props to the develpers, but the plot is really, boring.The graphics,phisics are GREAT! its just, its not my cup of tea."
,Recommended,224760,31163413,Posted: 15 April,all,agriba,"Fez is a cute little package of platforming, puzzles, and a wonderfully creative 3D system that allows you to traverse 3D worlds one 2D plane at a time.What you need to know here is that the crux of this game is the 2D/3D system.  It is well done, it adds to both the platforming and puzzle elements.The platforming can be best described as platforming light.  There are very few parts that offer a meaningful challenge, but that is okay.  The puzzles like wise are not essential but can range from quite tough to impossible, yet are so tangential that it won't ruin your expereince if you can't complete them.If you have some free time to kill get Fez.  It might not be so engrossing that it should be labeled a must play, but Fez is an endearing game and well worth your time."
,Not Recommended,224760,8672485,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Opthicc wubstep,this game is fun....... for a hour
,Not Recommended,224760,9378257,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,BRB_HOUSE_ON_FIRE,its an okay puzzle game.I didn't like it. The game feels very lonely. Your character never talks. There are like 20 other characters that exist in this universe.  and they are only there for like 5% of the game.  and you can't understand what most of them say.The game is so long that it feels more like a grind than something you are meant to have fun with.solving the puzzles wasn't very rewarding either.  there was no point in this game were I felt really cool as a player.it has some good stuff though. really long and really big a great guide exists for this game so you won't get stuck ever.
76561197974181504,Recommended,224760,24030736,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,Mr.Pinkshoes,"This is the definitive Hipster Indie game. Add it to you library & play it at some point. The game doesn't apologize for making you think, and doesn't provide a lot in the way of guidance. Must play."
,Recommended,224760,23968238,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Nettle,"This game is charming. There are things to do in this game that you won't even know exist unless you come across them and it is amazing. The music is awesome, the environment is awesome - and that's all a good thing, because you'll be visiting places over and over again. Pen and Paper recommended! Only look things up if you think you've beaten the game and need a little push."
,Recommended,224760,8197274,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Vino,Fezzes are cool.
76561198154535996,Recommended,224760,13766213,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,yukialister,DAMNI love this gameF.E.ZFrikenepiczGame
,Recommended,224760,1702190,"Posted: 15 June, 2013",all,drumcan,"It's so hard to talk about why this is a great game without spoiling any of its magic.I suppose I'll just say that while exploring it, I actually began to keep a physical notebook on it, containing sketches, notes, theories, translations and doodles on over 30 pages.I had never done anything like that before. FEZ inspired me to do it. It was some of the best fun I've ever had playing a game, and reading through my notebook again still makes me happy.Please enjoy FEZ."
,Recommended,224760,32984507,Posted: 29 June,all,BadgerButt ✿,I wish Fezzes were real
,Recommended,224760,11820818,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Sybreon,It's a bundle of fun trying to figure out the puzzles. Requires spatial intelligence!
,Not Recommended,224760,11814448,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,BaconJets,"Regardless of the quality of this game, Phil Fish doesn't deserve the money. Stay away at all costs."
,Not Recommended,224760,15808999,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Verity,"Visually stunning and interesting of course, but that can only carry a game so far, exploring becomes tedious and dull after a while as the puzzles don't really evolve much beyond the flipping perspective mechanic and the areas are connected in a confusing mazelike fashion that just left me feeling unsure of where to go and not really motivated to bother methodically searching around, maybe this just isn't my sort of game but I can't recommend it"
,Not Recommended,224760,11744445,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Ghenjei,"This game has no story and what appears to be cool gameplay at first, quickly grows repetitive."
,Recommended,224760,11757234,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,RYN001,This is a beautiful game to look at. Even more beautiful is the fun workout your brain gets while playing in this 2D world with its 3D mechanics.  Soundtrack is perfect. This is one of my top favorite games.
76561198046992905,Recommended,224760,33426238,Posted: 10 July,all,Damna,"Fez plays smoothly for the most part, there were some issues where the game crashed a few times, but nothing more annoying than simply having to restart the game. However, when first booting up Fez on Steam and playing for about an hour, the game crashed during an auto-save and deleted all game save progress, which was frustrating. Luckily, not much was lost and it allowed for the ability to start over and explore a different path. These are minor issues though and the game runs pretty well, so do net let that issue scare anyone off from buying this great game. Fez is a marvelous game featuring satisfying gameplay, a fun story that features some added depth and fun spins on 8-bit tropes, an art style that is visually appealing and a truly great soundtrack."
,Recommended,224760,33411681,Posted: 9 July,all,Rafa,One of the best indie games I've ever played.
76561197965400579,Recommended,224760,9238197,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Funkmasterbrad,"If 2001: A space odyssey's ending was a 16 bit videogame, here it is.Cryptic, entertaining and it rewards you with what you put in.Pro:- Super charming 16 bit art direction and animation- Fantastic puzzle platformer with a truly unique mechanic that continually surprises- Great mixture of instinct and thought go into solving your path through Fez.- You feel clever throughoutCons:- Hub world can be daunting to work your way through- No particular event pushing you forward- At times too cryptic and the levels feel only loosely related- Essentially a really beautiful and clever collectathon. Can bother some types of people- PC version is unstable. Run in windowed mode to get through freezing on load problem."
,Recommended,224760,8769728,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,nermolov,"I really like how this game ties a 2D platformer with a 3D space, allowing hard puzzles to be created in an otherwise simple game."
,Recommended,224760,9121705,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,Sterile Prophet,"What can I say about Fez? Well I can say it's an amazing game. I know it had a lot of drama around it because of the actions of Phil Fish and I was one of the people who was going to boycott it due to his attitude. I've recently decided to look past all that and give it a try.Fez is one of the most clever games I've ever played. The puzzles are just amazing. I always felt a real sense of accomplishment when I would solve one. There are some puzzles that are very, very hard to figure out and I did have to look for outside help on a few of them. Knowing the solutions I know that I would of never been able to figure them out because they do need outside knowledge of things that I just didn't know about.I don't want to say too much about the game as I would hate to spoil anything but trust me, Fez is a classic."
,Recommended,224760,9980723,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,otah007,"Quite possibly the best puzzle game ever, if you've ever played Portal, Braid or Antichamber this is a must buy. The story may appear bland at first but as you dive deeper into the world of FEZ hidden mysteries become clear, impossible puzzles become solvable and you will not be able to stop until you have completed it (and trust me, that's near impossible - Google the 'Black Monolith Puzzle')!"
76561198073872843,Recommended,224760,8977611,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,PiE,amazing how 2d is combined with 3d. Love it
,Recommended,224760,9075879,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Jovenisimo,It's like an 8-bit platformer equivalent of taking a peaceful hike through some old ruins.
76561198077538197,Recommended,224760,8213815,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,VandriX,Concept and realization are just awesome !
,Recommended,224760,17946130,"Posted: 8 September, 2015",all,wesnat,"a lot has been said about fez over the years. most people seem to have very strong opinions about it (and its creators). for me, it's one of my favorite games i've ever played. and i might never be able to finish it.i'll start with the good: fez is visually breathtaking and immaculately designed. the level of polish and attention to detail is something i've rarely seen. everything about it exudes charm, cuteness, and fun. its game world is immense, sometimes to the point of being overwhelming, but it's so much fun to explore; there's so much variety, and so much mystery, that it never really gets boring or tedious. fez's puzzles are infamously complex and sometimes impenetrable - even once you've wrapped your head around navigating a 2d world in 3d, there's still a language and number system to decode, and even more thanthatif you plan on 100%ing the game. gomez, the player character, is a ♥♥♥♥ing adorable kirby-like example of simplistic, minimal character design made endearing and loveable. and of course there's also the soundtrack by disasterpeace, which perfectly suits the game's atmosphere and is incredibly well-made.the bad: the controls are a bit stilted and can take some getting used to (especially jumping), which makes some simple exploration a bit harder than it should be at times. but that's not even the worst thing, really - fez, despite its polish, can be pretty buggy, from small weird visual glitches to massively gamebreaking issues. i had nearly 100%ed the game when i reached the ending, and was extremely disappointed to find that the game always crashes to my desktop just before the end of the final cutscene, meaning that, as long as i have this computer (or if someone magically fixes the issue somehow) i'll never be able to complete it. and that makes me really sad, because i love fez.fez is perfect for those who sound of a cute, relaxing metroidvania with intricate lore and puzzle design. just make sure your computer will be able to run it properly."
,Recommended,224760,20588861,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,KiddSisco,"A Puzzle Lover's DreamProsArt style is uique, color varies on areasMusic is amazing, you can get lost in itThe game has it's own language used in puzzlesSome puzzles really require some use of your brain, so awesomeThe ending is a trip and pretty sweetControls are nice, the platforming is perfectConsThe map can be confusing for some, it took me awhile to get how it workedIf you don't know the game's language, it can be tough to solve some puzzlesLots of backtracking if you wish to complete some areas 100%, for those that dislike backtrackingOverallI found the game to be pretty great. Like the header says, if you love puzzle games and trying to solve them, you will enjoy this title. The movement is great and responsive. I played with a Xbox 360 controller. Definitely enjoyed this title."
,Recommended,224760,19434862,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Strategius4,"Fun littel platformer game, very special is that you can rotate the world and get a whole now view and possibilities to get further. I got it on sale so the price was okay for me. If you like platformer games and solving a few puzzles and entcrypting things then this is totally your game, you will enjoy it. I haven't played a similar platformer before, so I think this gives you some variety to other games you have ;)"
,Recommended,224760,13101288,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Ratc00n,"Game looks weird but yet beutiful, sounds amazing, plays amazing, and it brought tears to my eyes. T-T  it's great. I give it 107/100P.S. I hardly never CRY!!"
76561198093309445,Recommended,224760,23892164,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Orange Unicorn,"Roses are red,Violets are blue,I loved this gameand so will you."
,Recommended,224760,12709065,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Thom,"Soft and tough !Fez is a unique piece of exploration. No help, just a map and a nearly basic gameplay. Get the cube.Deal with it !"
,Recommended,224760,9172069,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,sethers775,prepare to be mind♥♥♥♥ed with 3 dimentions
76561198068313337,Recommended,224760,9146857,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Butterscotch Bandit,It's an adorable platform-puzzle game perfect for anyone who is a fan of indie games.
,Recommended,224760,7942526,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,admin potter,תרבוש
,Recommended,224760,8524404,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Flanny,So FEZ. Very puzzle. Much wow
76561198091682191,Recommended,224760,25210678,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,KidGruesome,great fun
76561198038894219,Not Recommended,224760,13254129,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,voltron3030,"Everything looks the same, its like a non linear mario brothers without music or a sense of advancing. No build up or release, just monotone blandness. This game is♥♥♥♥♥♥and I'd like my money back."
,Not Recommended,224760,13294441,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,E X I S T E N T I A L D R E A D,"Meh. The hype brought me here and I'm pretty underwhelmed. The screen rotation gimmick is tedious and frustrating and I couldn't be bothered to put a great deal more time in to get to ""the point where the game gets good"".Beware of hype. Granted, I picked it up for next to nothing."
76561198078993119,Not Recommended,224760,12131661,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,Tater Collins,I deleted this game because of all the business about the quinnspiracy.
,Recommended,224760,11073714,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,BridgetFisher,"In Fez you are flat, the character lives in one dimension.  Then the character gets a hat!  Now, all bets are off and the world can be seen in three dimensions.  The game can take 10 hours or 1000+ plus hours depending how much time a person wants to sink into it.  Most solutions are on google, some puzzles took the community of Fez working together over a year to solve.  There are still unsolved puzzles even today within the game, even the soundtrack contains strange images, most of which noone knows what they mean.  There is a whole different language and counting system in Fez along with a stone teaching you how to move to solve other puzzles, memorize that or use google.  Even with google the game is fun, often times using google ruins a puzzle game, but doesnt feel that way in Fez due to the community working on solutions to leftover puzzles.  One of which right from the start of the game with a Zelda poster in your bedroom, to collecting heart pieces then they shatter into a buncha pieces, and noone knows where the pieces went.  Solving the puzzle could be like hellraiser since its all about a box, so careful what you wish for, Fez may tear your soul apart!Rating:  10/10  Value:  $9.99"
,Recommended,224760,11929217,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Chebyshevrolet,"I don't care if Phil Fish eats babies or not, this game is fantastic."
,Recommended,224760,11974419,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Ѧκΐмβσ,don't you just love phil fish?
,Recommended,224760,14326595,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,FlamingoTanya,I simply loved that game. Really hard to solve puzzles and it makes you totally addicted! Visuals are stunning and the way the whole game is done is quite amazing. Had a lot of fun and totally worth it !!!!
,Not Recommended,224760,12307488,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,dingo 🐺,phil fish
,Not Recommended,224760,17867989,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,Captain Funtastic,"Most will find my review sacrilegious, but I just couldn't keep playing. Very novel at first, but I soon grew bored with having to look for stuff."
,Recommended,224760,14768658,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Ian,while it is a good game with a creative central gimmick it can be confusing for people such as me which is why i quit it  i would recommend this game to people who like cryptic puzzles or regular pepole with a guide
76561198143783697,Not Recommended,224760,24130274,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,ISeeTheSorrow,"Started out very promising, but eventually the puzzles get ridiculous. Had to turn to a guide for the one I am stuck on known as the security room, even then, matching frame for frame of videos it doesn't work, the blocks appear to be different, and spelling out the correct answer facing the right way with perfect spacing in several variations has still gone nowhere. Literally half my game time has been on this puzzle and trying to learn the alphabet which apparently I was meant to decipher sideways and backwards like the kid from Mercury Rising.Solving a puzzle isn't fun if you don't have means to actually solve ♥♥♥♥ing thing. I actually would have recommended it if it didn't turn into some kind of 3D MENSA exam in a backwards-sideways foreign alphabet ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥tery. This game had some interesting ideas, but it is absolute trash at communicating them to the player, and probably intentionally so.It's actually quite sad because it is hard to find a decent puzzle in a game, and these would have had some merit if they put in a bit more effort to inform the player, but otherwise they tend to be guide-reliant, which isn't really playing a game at all, it's just reading an instructional manual. Even then it's quite confusing.Don't play it."
76561198008360743,Not Recommended,224760,15098467,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,rive7,"Brilliant world design and graphics. Soundtrack is also really good. But that's it really.I really tried to like this game but I managed to stand it 2 hours and I'll give up, because the game is just not fun.The whole game is about collect cubes... and more cubes... oh can't reach, switch dimension... collect more cubes.... zzz...The dialogs are poor and the story is almost nonexisting.The game seems to have ""borrowed"" lots of elements from Super Paper Mario like the void which is expanding and puzzle like level design to be solved by switching dimensions... It would be unfair to compare FEZ to Super Paper Mario as there is a quite reasonable budget difference (although the world design and graphics are really professional)But the fact that the only thing which you do is collecting those darn cubes without any combat makes the game terribly repetitive.So if you're expecting a good platformer game don't buy this gameHowever if you're into exploration games and don't have any expectations for a good story or good dialogs then this is your game.This game could have been much better...... what a shame"
76561197962112143,Not Recommended,224760,13809004,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Shad -,The engine is cute. But that's all.
,Not Recommended,224760,19177479,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,zombrii,Exceptional polish and presentation. Boring gameplay.
76561198080573787,Not Recommended,224760,12450047,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,Ecarnus,"I find it fairly easy to get lost in this game, And I mean LOST its very hard to find your way and figure out where to go."
76561197991017265,Not Recommended,224760,31681938,Posted: 11 May,all,Shreger,"The pros:-Good graphics-Interesting game mechanics-Well madeThe cons:-Only the briefest of excuses for a story-Arbitrary and unpredictable difficultyThis game would have been better if the developer had decided to make it more of a classic puzzle game (with an actual story), or more of a classic platformer (with linear progression). I could live with the lack of story if I weren't being routed constantly through the same old stages. I could live with having to move through different stages repetedly if I were invested in the story of the world, but there was no story. As it was, the branching paths seemed more of a time filler than anything.The difficulty levels left much to be desired also, both mechanically, and intellectually.Most stages were fairly simple to complete, with the pips we're looking for litterally having flashing beacons on them. Then there were random timed stages where you had to flip a switch and hope you could find your way on the fly. The worst was one where you had to climb a very long, very complicated tower that was actively trying to throw you off it, and if you made a single mistake, you'd have to start again.Most puzzles were fairly simple too; flip this switch, rotate this set piece, rotate the world, get a treat. But then there were the arbitrary ciphers with vague clues I'd never be able to figure out on my own. One requires you to be at the computer at a specific time of the WEEK in order to get it, and another gem requires you writing down a visible binary sequence, converting it to hex, then to ASCII.I'm fine with easy games. I'm fine with challenging games. But pick one for crying out loud!Overall I can't say I'd recommend it.I'd love to see more games that immitate it (if well done).I loved the graphics.I loved the mechanics.I /am/ impressed with the game.But I didn't have fun.And that was the whole point of ""playing"": To have fun."
,Not Recommended,224760,8747618,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,keikei,A euporic experience
,Not Recommended,224760,16234067,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Mark Skywalker,"I know I'm going to be alone here, but FEZ got old pretty quickly for me. It was fun for an hour or so and then it just kind of wore off. Maybe it's the hype that ruined it for me, I dunno, but I didn't get any satisfaction out of this game on any of the platforms I've tried it on. I can't stop crying. My life is in shambles."
,Recommended,224760,24296382,"Posted: 13 July, 2016",all,Loaf Bloke,"if you've seen indie game: the movie, you know that the creator of this game is a salty ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ who thinks he's better than everyone else.if you've played FEZ, you know that the creator of this game is a salty ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ who KNOWS he's better than everyone else.Phil Fish is love, Phil Fish is life.100/10 would reflect on my meaningless reality again."
,Not Recommended,224760,17046229,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,Diara,I dont like it.. It's just plainly no fun for me
,Not Recommended,224760,15045342,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Turtle,This game way too short :/
76561198055447304,Not Recommended,224760,15220249,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,...,"I would recommend this game, but Phil Fish, creator of this game, is a horrible person. Seriously, just search his name on Google and you'll know what I mean. I honestly feel nothing but hatred knowing that this game is in my library and that I wasted money on this game made by this man."
76561198116010504,Not Recommended,224760,14737690,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Colta_Cola,"I'm only writing this because the guy who made this game is the indie gaming dev equivalent Chuck C. ""Massive♥♥♥♥♥♥quot; Johnson.  Thats not to say this review is about how much of a Chuck Phil Fish is, but my angry venting comes with a justification.  I only played maybe an hour or so of this game before I was entirely bored to tears of the ""exploration"" and getting the ♥♥♥♥ing cube bs, especially when the whole game is a massive jumping puzzle, the kind of stuff us minecraft players dread so much that we hide in paranoia from the entire internet, while the internet looks at us confusedly trying to attribute it to creepers or sexual abuse as a child.  So, right about this time you should ask yourself ""should I buy this game?"" and the answer I give you is NOT ON YOUR ♥♥♥♥ING LIFE"
,Not Recommended,224760,14715095,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Spuddylicious,"Something to play when you really can't think of anything else to do. Personally I'm not a fan of such slow paced games, but that's just me."
76561198098706952,Recommended,224760,17511730,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,SLiCE,"You may not like Phil Fish, but you will like this game."
,Recommended,224760,20343596,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,PUREST PEPE-KUN~,"A gripping masterpiece by Indie creator of ""FEZ"" and "" "", this title was unique. The gameplay is ambitious in scope and deep in commentary.The game is a three-dimensional brain teaser of sorts.The game starts in the village of Former Europa. You play as Gomez, a lonely inhabitant of the last white civilization in existence. The European identity has been torn asunder so severely in this universe that the final stragglers of their breed call themselves Hispanic names like ""Gomez"" and don Turkish headwear in search of their lost place in the world. You'll traverse creepy crypts, vast oceans, thick thickets, and ruins of former Western civilization. It is an interesting aside to note that ALL cultures in this world seem to have died once they bled their white hosts dry and had no one to draw social security benefits or food stamps from.The meat and potatoes of the gameplay? Little Gomez must collect fragmented symbolic representations of his cultural identity to reform Europa in its rightful glory. FEZ is a thinking game for thinking people. What will you do, white man?"
,Not Recommended,224760,8722414,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Sonicboom,"If you try to 100% everything by yourself you will want to kill yourself once you get the ""secret ending."" Waste of time."
,Not Recommended,224760,12615760,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Unorth,Overrated scheiße.
,Not Recommended,224760,12400536,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Damien,Game has a gamebreaking glitch that randomly occurs a few minutes into the game. Like what the hell?
,Recommended,224760,12325312,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,kpthekman,Awesome game!!!
76561198101841052,Recommended,224760,28742225,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,にでばば,Good game indeed
,Recommended,224760,17839268,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,OCT 4 2003 10:54 PM,"Best blow job out there. This girl is awesome!if only it could happen. Quick suck and splash her face.damn that woman can suck a♥♥♥♥♥♥Nice technique.so deep!nice boobs!She is simply the best. No contest!!wanna have her♥♥♥♥♥♥and a♥♥♥♥♥♥like that in my mouthWhoa! She's a national treasureWhat a♥♥♥♥♥guzzler!Gorgeous eyes, gorgeous girl, what a hot swallow!she made my dicky disappear..The ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥,that this girl can wthstand,its ingredible!i wish my girlfriend could suck♥♥♥♥♥♥like thisgoodi love her feet.. i would smell them and kiss them all night..by the way, his♥♥♥♥♥looked yummycame on!!!YEEEaaaHHHHHHHWow, the♥♥♥♥♥♥owner is one lucky son a ♥♥♥♥♥ (no offence). Hope you married her.wow wonderful mouthworkyou give the best blow jobs i have,n seen that in some timeShe knows how to work a♥♥♥♥♥♥ she knows how to take a loadShe could suckstart a leafblower. What a ♥♥♥♥♥.Im in love with this ♥♥♥♥♥Beautiful womanwow, she's good and she really likes it. The scene where she is lying back in the pink and her throat is bulging is ♥♥♥♥ing awesome.good girl!dayum she can take the♥♥♥♥♥♥Love this one!I need my♥♥♥♥♥♥sucked like that!!!she is ♥♥♥♥ing amazingnow This is My best clip.beauty ...Dirty little♥♥♥♥♥♥he should have♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥in the ♥♥♥♥♥es mouth as well.her look at 10:15Amazing girl!That was an amazing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥llove you man just watch itThat's a hot piece of♥♥♥♥♥ Would love to♥♥♥♥♥in her hot little ♥♥♥♥♥!i'd love to have her blow me hardOHOH she is the one! a girl how loves suck like that is the one.♥♥♥♥♥inside her muts be perfect.Thats Exactly how is suppose to be done a deepthroat with no mess and she cleans up at the end..........Now Thats a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥!!!girl is nice looking. guys♥♥♥♥♥♥is skinny that might helped her gag it downI'm so ♥♥♥♥in jealous of this dude..... That should be my♥♥♥♥♥♥in her mouth!!!!!she should be a professional sword swallowerI love how much♥♥♥♥♥♥this woman can take!amazing, never though she could do that"
76561198180715046,Not Recommended,224760,14877266,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,aneurin,Hit a bug that prevented play in less than 30seconds of opening game.
,Not Recommended,224760,15084538,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,kimbojones,"This game looks awesome and fun. I just wish I could play it. But it won't fun on my PC. Buy it on Xbox, I guess."
,Recommended,224760,13183637,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,bob ross,Love the graphicsBetter than Call of duty ghosts11/10 -IGN Will play again
,Not Recommended,224760,13674573,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Weng,Creater's a♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,224760,16464450,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Cum oboma 43rd president of th,The game is boring and the creator is an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ who disgraced the entire gaming community. Why would you want to support him?
,Not Recommended,224760,15529813,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,savaze,"This game is buggy! It crashed constantly while I tried to play it. Some of the bugs caused total system crashes. I gave up attempting to play it after several hours of trying to get it to work on three different systems. I could only get a repeated first few minutes of gameplay in that time. Each time the game crashed it also wiped the game saves. The gameplay seems simple enough, but I really don't know if this game is good, I just know it's not stable on very different types of rigs. I'd pass unless you know for a fact this game will run for you, or that you know the dev will answer your questions."
76561198030533006,Not Recommended,224760,16508667,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,JoFlashStudios,"Contrary to popular belief, this game sucks. It's pretty, but it's boring and un-engaging."
76561198090109480,Not Recommended,224760,15570642,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,bijzaak,"It has nice ideas, but the platforming gets boring after a while and I didn't enjoy the puzzles very much."
,Not Recommended,224760,20236208,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Pingu,"Fun if you're into puzzles. And if you're ten,"
,Not Recommended,224760,12282721,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Rinzler,"its a one hit wonder, nothing else"
,Recommended,224760,25009349,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,lambda,"They finally (after months) fixed the crash bug at the end!!! I could finally see the last 10 seconds of the game!Anyway, here's the review:+unique playstyle+runs smoothly+amazing and relaxing soundtrack+fun+many secrets and puzzles and items to collect+giant world+hours of gameplay+pixelgraphics-some puzzles are really mean and hard to solve-you can get lost easily8/10"
,Recommended,224760,20226812,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Bored,"This game is so good it doesn't need a review, have a pie recipe instead.Ingredients:1. 6 tablespoons unsalted butter2. 1/2 cup white sugar3. 1/2 cup brown sugar4. 1/4 cup water5. 1/4 teaspoon cinnamon6. 1 pinch salt7. 5 apples - peeled, cored and sliced8. 1 pastry for double-crust pieDirections:1. Preheat oven to 425 degrees F (220 degrees C).2. Combine butter, white sugar, brown sugar, water, cinnamon, and salt in a saucepan over medium heat. Bring to a boil, remove from heat and set aside.3. Roll out half the pastry to fit a 9-inch pie plate. Place bottom crust in pie plate; pour in apple slices.4. Roll out top crust into a 10-inch circle. Cut into 8 (1-inch) wide strips with a sharp paring knife or pastry wheel. Weave the pastry strips, one at a time, into a lattice pattern. Fold the ends of the lattice strips under the edge of the bottom crust and crimp to seal.5. Pour butter-sugar mixture over top of pie, coating the lattice, and allowing any remaining sauce to drizzle through the crust.6. Bake in the preheated oven for 15 minutes. Reduce heat to 350 degrees F (175 degrees C), and bake until the crust is golden brown, the caramel on the top crust is set, and the apple filling is bubbling, 35 to 40 more minutes. Allow to cool completely before slicing."
76561198092450070,Recommended,224760,9239453,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Glacher Lardnab,"Simply beautiful, this game obviously shows effort and care with its gorgeous design and its overwhelming and beautiful environment and soundtrack. Would seriously reccomend! 10/10"
76561198106391635,Recommended,224760,7287921,"Posted: 24 September, 2013",all,Chrissy,"I recommend this game if you're an old school true believer...Fez is a lot like Super Mario 64, but then also not like it at all. You have to collect cubes to progress (Power Stars!?!?!?). Finding all the cubes is damn near impossible, I found just enough to beat the game (beat not complete) without having to resort to using a guide. Many of the puzzles involve linguistics and math. I'm not kidding. If you want to find every cube you're gonna be deciphering invented languages and♥♥♥♥♥♥ Unfortunately this game has a bad bad map system and I was often confused as to how to get to previous areas to unlock doors and look for secrets. There was much too much trial and error involved in revisiting levels which prevented me from continuing to play after I had found the amount of cubes needed to beat (not complete) the game. However it was still fun and definately worth a check out. Its soundtrack is also ♥♥♥♥in' rad and almost worth the price alone.Fez gets 7 missed jumps out of 10Fez's soundtrack gets 12 blanderunner-esques out of 5"
,Recommended,224760,12016966,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Alezzio,You just love Phil Fish
,Recommended,224760,12940345,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,JackHammerOfLawl,Beautiful and unique game.  I recommend giving this one a play.  The pace is a breath of fresh air and the exploration aspect reminds me of old games like Metroid.
,Not Recommended,224760,12183929,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,R a n D y,"Boring, pointless game. It's a walking simulator without a story. Phil Fish is an attention ♥♥♥♥♥ with a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game, and was part of the GamerGate inside job. Confirmed SJW crapsterpiece."
,Recommended,224760,8052592,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Joseph Stalin,"AAwesome game, i love it so much really"
,Recommended,224760,10998026,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Its Timmy Allen,"Its a fantastic concept and its a good looking game, despite the actual developer being a♥♥♥♥♥♥ its a good game"
,Recommended,224760,12944778,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,REQUIN,"FEZ creates a very unique twist on 2D platforming that leads you to finding secrets at every angle. With a cute artstyle, challenging puzzles, and seemingly endless collectibles, it provides a very pleasant gaming experience. My only complaint is the lack of emotional attachment to the story of FEZ, you're just kindof thrown right in with little to no details. People who are more used to story-driven games may find it hard to be completely invested."
,Recommended,224760,10496112,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Smoking Pterodactyl,its a beautiful game with a great story and an amazing sound track
,Recommended,224760,9488271,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,Kilianthebeast,He didn't use the concept of turning the 2-D gaming into a 3-D game as just a gimic to make the game interesting but he fleshed it out so well and expanded on it beauitfully to create aamazing world & game. He hit nearly everything on just the right note and you can really tell how much of a huge effort he put into it. Bought it on sale but it's worth the full price too.Amazing game 9/10
,Not Recommended,224760,13660028,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,[C a n a b i s  N e m e s i s],I hate myself for supporting the Dev.
76561198025609238,Recommended,224760,17842359,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,Si,"Great game, like nothing you've ever played before."
76561198056321703,Not Recommended,224760,14172666,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,T-Wrecks,"Fez is an overrated  mediocre bit of pixel nostalgia made by a massive tool who claimed all Japanese games suck despite the fact that his game rips off 2 of them (Super Paper Mario and Cave Story).  On top of that he didn't even want the game of PC in first place because he's a moron. Now all bias against Phil Fishsticks aside, the game is okay at best. Personally I'd recommend you play Cave Story instead or Guaccamelee or any indie game that doesn't have its head shoved up its own♥♥♥♥♥and only gained notoriety due to Fishdicks rigging an Indie Game award show."
76561198003125690,Not Recommended,224760,14442413,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,AcidMonkey,"Fez is an underwhelming action-platformer, but without any actual action. The game also holds your hand by respawning you where you left off if you somehow miss a jump. There is literally no consequence for anything you do in the game. The 2d to 3d gimmick just means you swivel the camera a bunch of times to find the next platform to jump to. The open world seems empty and boring.Also Phil Fish is a pretentious windbag."
,Recommended,224760,15647910,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,8BitPurple,I like to collect cubes
,Recommended,224760,319616,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,Sofia v. Boergersatt,Instant classic - a great platformer.
76561198054588150,Recommended,224760,5715916,"Posted: 19 September, 2013",all,HoZzMeBeazt,BEST GAME ever :DDD
76561198127348259,Recommended,224760,10892550,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,$w@gb0b_d@_MLG_Qw1k$k0p3r,http://t3.gstatic.com/images?q=tbn:ANd9GcSMHINb-qLf3N41sbsNg1oSwqCJnVSQlmn9lf7z13mnewW5dR2ECopy paste dat... and stare at de image fo a few minutes. If ya cant paste it spend yo time typin.
76561198061243714,Recommended,224760,16227232,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,i have unlimited data on my psp,"creator is dumb, but cool game"
,Recommended,224760,30102141,Posted: 22 February,all,motornik,◘◘◘◘◘◘
,Recommended,224760,29729687,Posted: 5 February,all,NickJagged,"Really fun, innovative platformer."
,Recommended,224760,23420282,"Posted: 6 June, 2016",all,Me Me Big Boy,Fun game.Too bad the creator's a total toolbox.
76561198182101193,Recommended,224760,24654467,"Posted: 1 August, 2016",all,The Lich King's Toes,2 hours and im so intrigued I forgot what i was even doing
,Recommended,224760,17129872,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Little Red,Noice 9/10
,Recommended,224760,18852370,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,Pastel Funk,This game is pixel heaven tbh
,Recommended,224760,16322757,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,smashyoshi,this is really good
,Recommended,224760,16440308,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Vargias,"tis game does not support LogicMany Brain F@cks, Many Brain Farts"
,Recommended,224760,17070711,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,PaIsOt,it is nice and a funny game that you can spent many hours on it
,Recommended,224760,17689158,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,pdx,"fez is... how to say it... it's an experience unlike anything else. it's sweet without being cutesy, it's difficult without being overly frustrating, it's simple yet subtle and profound at the same time. there were moments during this game when i simply stopped and took in the beauty of the level -- the music, the visuals, the whole atmosphere. this was the second real game i've played in like a decade (the first being a funny 8bit-like rpg), and even though i've played a lot of games since, fez remains the pinnacle.also, get the music. disasterpiece's soundtrack should be teaching material, like, how to compose for games."
,Recommended,224760,18228915,"Posted: 27 September, 2015",all,Sniper of the Zombine,"It's about a hat that allows the wearer to rotate the world in three dimentions, but play the game in two dimentions."
,Recommended,224760,19396412,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,velvetvixen,This game is perfect and entertaining.
,Recommended,224760,16618383,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Twoots!,"The game is brilliant and worth playing; and as the creator of the game have sold the company, you don't even need to feel bad by supporting him!"
76561198027019369,Recommended,224760,16664446,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Mr. Tenenbaum,Cube.
,Recommended,224760,17134157,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Orange Juice,"Great mechanics, great art, and music. I do recommend buying this game."
,Recommended,224760,17483159,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Scramb1e,Just because it says i played an hour it doesnt mean i have. i have 5 hours offline at school 'cause this is one of the best indie games EVVERRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRYRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR
,Recommended,224760,17429495,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,slhui,"simple little game, yet so fun and addictive.can't get enough of little gomez's cute little smile whenever you successfully find cubes or little golden bits to solve the puzzle that he's trapped in."
,Recommended,224760,18552258,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,brigcaster,Calm and relaxing platformer. Pretty good pixel art as well.
,Recommended,224760,19175344,"Posted: 20 November, 2015",all,jinjj1992,"ok, what else do i need to say about this awesome game...2D and 3D....gooood job man....best scroll game in this period ever...."
,Recommended,224760,17892570,"Posted: 5 September, 2015",all,SPACE JUNK/ANTI-MATTER,"This game is a ♥♥♥♥♥kkingg masterpiece.A game basically about nothing but collecting little cubes to complete a big cube in a cubed 4 sided 2D world in space!!!!!So then that evens out to 3D, but then in the end you get these 3D glasses & it just blows my mind. Changes the whole games perception, so there is an extra dimension, story of my life.What more could you want? 1000/10.Pleaaaaseee make the fez 2 :("
,Recommended,224760,19473035,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,Beaubeau Fett,This game is absolutely beautiful. played through and got both 32 cubit and 64 cubit endings. Definitely a game that lets you wonder without explanation.
,Recommended,224760,20700031,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,The movie director,hi im 10 years old and autistic. im gonna write a really long review with about 500 words on this game i bought for 2€ about how the puzzle on the 22nd level was abit too hard and now this ruins the entire game.
,Not Recommended,224760,13812821,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,yuki,"This looks pretty, and has a number of puzzles with increasing difficulty, but beyond a limited set of difficult puzzles, there is very reduced amound of challenge in there (no enemies, infinite lives, very limited amount of skills). It became a little boring to me after a while, and i never finished it."
,Recommended,224760,13791961,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Who put you on the planet?,"This game is pure insanity and overall just amazing, smooth running, beautiful, and constantly has you asking ""Did that really happen?"" 10/10 Gabens"
,Not Recommended,224760,11193712,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,drakkaroy,"This game is break, not run in Mac OS X and Ubuntu"
,Not Recommended,224760,14739499,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Obrez OP,This game gave me an actual seizure0/10 never playing again
,Recommended,224760,7637130,"Posted: 11 November, 2013",all,Lyu,a mysterious adventure.
76561198105205197,Not Recommended,224760,11794311,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Captain Facepalm,The game was fun for the first twenty minutes. After that it was just tedious.Not recommended.
,Recommended,224760,11799645,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Plause | gamekit.com,Awesome Game! Its A Fun Adventure Game And Very Adictive I Think Its A Awesome Game!
,Recommended,224760,11819933,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Beyr*QC,"An excellent, joyful, simple, and yet challenging game. You need a controller to play this game, since it's way easier to play this way. Huge recommentations if you like puzzles and a really well executed game."
,Not Recommended,224760,11818454,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,BoomBoo,.
76561198028813024,Recommended,224760,33181045,Posted: 3 July,all,B0R34L15,Beautiful! :3
,Recommended,224760,18180699,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,MechanicalProtozoa,"Absolutely beautiful and abstract game. Fez is a side-scroller / platforming/ puzzle game that takes place in 2 dimensional slices that can be altered by rotating the camera at 90 degree angles to alter the world. Such is similar to theory that imposes what four dimensions would be like relative to three dimensions. By altering your 2 dimensional world, you will solve very complicated plat-former puzzles to collect 3D cubes. This game is also nonlinear, allowing the player to roam wherever he or she pleases. I can't say any more about how much I love this game. I will cherish this game and perhaps in 20 years when this game looks like a retro piece of♥♥♥♥♥♥ I will play through it again treating it as childhood nostalgia, even though I played it when I was in college.Oh and I played this entire game high af, I would recommend it if you are high as well :3."
,Recommended,224760,20328271,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Ulin-Vega,"You can finish this game rather fast, but if you are like me and want every achievement you'll need to learn a new language, decipher elaborate puzzles and realize that what you've learned not only applies to this game but to life in general."
,Recommended,224760,17831718,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,kipolpo,"Really enjoyed this game, it was really relaxing to just chill out while playing. It's far more than just a platformer or just a puzzle game. A must play for anyone who likes puzzles, even if there is a spectrum of puzzle difficulties."
,Recommended,224760,19733240,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,Fempo,unexpectedly visually stunning and story rich this game compels you to adventure further into the game
,Recommended,224760,19967000,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,KyoZM,fezes r kool as hell
76561198116131180,Recommended,224760,20296571,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,skyhorse,"A quirky and cute platformer, has nice artwork and smooth mechanics. Gets pretty trippy at times..."
,Recommended,224760,20316590,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,CheeseManGhoul,"It's a fun game. It's- without a doubt- a good 2.5-D puzzle platformer.Lots of amazing puzzles that will leave you thinking for hours on end. I do recommend pulling a friend that's fully completed it though, so they can help you out if you truly get stumped. But in the end if you get stumped, you probably missed a piece of the puzzle and misinterpreted it or didn't understand it.I highly suggest going as far as you can without help, though; getting209.4%100%in this game is a real accomplishment."
76561198024950658,Recommended,224760,19281338,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,TRON,"Fez is special.I love this game. I have gone to 209.4% on every platform the game is available on. While some of the puzzles, admittedly, are incredibly opaque and forced me into looking up a solution, I just can't get over how gratifying solving most of them solo can be.  No matter how far you get, it alwys feels as if there is something left undiscovered.A special mention MUST be made about the incredible soundtrack from Disasterpeace. There's no other game I can think of where the music is not only perfectly matched, but also just wonderful to listen to on its own. There have been rough days at work that vanished from memory when I cycled through tracks on the drive home from the soundtrack. BUY IT.Sure, while basically this is an indie platforming, pixel-art job, there is something just so awesome, mysterious, and peaceful about Fez. It really is unforgettable.  There are no wipe screens in Fez.  There are no boss fights.   It's just you, gomez, Disasterpeace and maybe a slab of graph paper and some pencils."
,Recommended,224760,19889091,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,DJ Spooky Jim,It's good.
76561198048486148,Not Recommended,224760,12539856,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Rei Shards,"FEZ is a game where you explore and smell the flowers.  Wait did I forget to mention it has polished 3d voxel graphics?  How about the charming atmosphere? Calming Music? Clean Story?  What about the massive confusing Laberyth?  if you don't mind getting lost, then this is a game for you.  If you want to collect everthing and still know where north is?, goodluck."
76561198058828212,Recommended,224760,17552149,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Valentine,"This game has an amazing art style.  Its a pretty casual platformer with an amazingly unique gameplay mechanic to it that pretty much sets it appart from any other game you will play.  The only thing I didn't like about this game is the ""puzzles"" if you can even call them that.  The tetris codes that you have to enter to unlock the secrets are all but impossible to figure out without looking it up.  Other than that, its a fun light hearted game."
,Recommended,224760,31153852,Posted: 15 April,all,Hercels,defs dem best puzzle gaem thats i havs played in a long tim. also totally worth the full price of ten dollah so go for it9/10k bye
,Recommended,224760,1935249,"Posted: 5 September, 2013",all,7heo,"Should you get and play this game? It depends:1. You're a human being with a soul, and are sensible to art. Go for it, it's worth any price.2. You're so embittered that being a relentless and brainless a-hole doesn't even bring you any emotion anymore. Crawl back to your hole. Suck my♥♥♥♥♥♥ Choke on it."
,Recommended,224760,21360522,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,HanhDVis,2D world in 3D world. Amazing Design. Waiting for the next version! :D209.4%
,Recommended,224760,8423461,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Bryy Miller,Phil Fish is a cool guy and doesn't afraid of anything.
,Recommended,224760,9806723,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Todaco2k,AMAZING
,Recommended,224760,7858315,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,blackkidney,Perfect.
,Recommended,224760,11268854,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Pick Yer Poison,There won't be a sequel
,Recommended,224760,11155838,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,turtleboy666,It's a fun game but my save files don't seem to transfer between computers.
,Recommended,224760,11162014,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,StormSword9,Absolutely fantastic. Their were so many clever puzzles in this game that at moments I had to stand up and applaud. And all the puzzles weren't just dealing with perspective. BUY THIS GAME!
76561197991458211,Recommended,224760,11168467,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,RUMBLYAustin,This game is a platformer adventure that comes at a different angle of style. No literally.Great game would recommend it to anyone who enjoys puzzle and adventure games
,Recommended,224760,11182990,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Ayana,One of the best puzzle games
76561198081224508,Recommended,224760,11198555,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Cinemattix,"Regardless of your feelings towards creator Phil Fish, give this game a try. It's a platformer with a simple core mechanic (shifting perspective to explore different sides of the same level) and gorgeous visuals that kept me in a state of child-like wonder throughout my playthrough. It's a bit of a short game, but there's plenty of hidden stuff to go back and find upon ""completion,"" and you won't mind spending time exploring the varied, yet consistently beautiful environments.Totes recommend."
76561198060861097,Recommended,224760,11201385,"Posted: 12 July, 2014",all,Seatbelts and Spoonerisms,"This game is awesome.Buy this game if you puzzles, platforming, and exploration.Don't buy it if you don't like any of those."
76561198068409067,Recommended,224760,11214925,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,:-),its like a 2 dbut then flippy overworldgo north sorth east weastwHICHEVERits fun.
76561198038058805,Recommended,224760,11218173,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,ChibiMik3,"Incredibly challenging 2D puzzle platformer with 3D elements in which you travel through different worlds and search for cubes and secrets of the ancient civilizations with the power to change perspective. World is really big and finding all the different worlds will take you some time and brainpower. You may also experience some crashes but don't worry (and don't restart your computer), it's all part of the game.This game is an awesome mind♥♥♥♥ and if you ever finish the game and see the ending, you may start to question your sanity.It's still an awesome game. You should buy it."
76561197993791428,Recommended,224760,11220052,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,SerialChiller,Man. I totaly Love the game its fun and it looks and feels great. 9.4/10
,Recommended,224760,11225223,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Founder's Discount,super surreal and cerebral game. fantastic soundtrack and chill mood means this game is a good time any time. lots of depth here to if you want to go deep and solve all the mysteries.
76561198142591278,Recommended,224760,11225783,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,pawntakesrook,"Okay, so I got this game at recommendation of one of my coworkers, and gameplay and everything is fun. But when I enter rooms, my the backrounds are halfway down the screen. When I got past the initial village shapes would not layer the way they should (the lighthouse would disappear and was half missing, the vines wrapping around it would appear behind where it should be) and I was wondering if there was a fix for this?"
,Recommended,224760,11225936,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Im Board,ITS SO HARD THE PUZZLES
,Recommended,224760,17370068,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,Brokin,Cool Game
,Recommended,224760,12682290,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,eXalpha_,Great!
,Recommended,224760,12878275,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Squinage,"Fantastic platformer that add a whole new dimension (literally) to the genre. Well thought out, compeling and fits perfectly with the pixel graphics."
,Recommended,224760,12673044,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,Blanche Noir,"The sum of Fez’s intelligent level designs, perception mechanic, massive number of stages and secrets, and incredible art is so much more than just a shout-out to old-school gaming. Fez is a game in love with games."
,Recommended,224760,12720259,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,❤Trash❤,this is a grate game. Iv plyed it twice now and i could play it again. is was a good thing it took forever to bring out cause it's beutifull . grate coulors and fun puzzles ... allmost got all the achements got two left to do then im done . will say i wish it was longer but still a grate game
,Recommended,224760,13012973,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Anonymei,Fish come back
,Recommended,224760,12706632,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Blinxy,This game is awesome but its sad the developer had to stop working on FEZ II
,Recommended,224760,12763062,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,428,"It's very simple to be lost.Story 8/10Gameplay 8,5/10Graphics 10/10Music 9/10Overall 9/10"
,Recommended,224760,12677621,"Posted: 28 October, 2014",all,bobrocks007,"Probably the first indie game (or Steam game) I ever purchased and it was well worth it.  The pixel graphics work for it without being ugly and the gameplay was unique.  Some of the puzzle solving involving the Tetris blocks was difficult and I had to look up instructions online to make any sense of it.  The world map can be a bit tricky to decipher at first, but it makes more sense after a while.  Definitely worth playing."
,Recommended,224760,12683758,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,VEG,The best platformer I've ever played.
,Recommended,224760,12977969,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Moelandblue,"Amazing Indie game.FEZ gives off a mysterious vibe that I love. The game has a very surreal and just great feel to it that is expressed through a great art design, and an amazing soundtrack. In fact, the soundtrack is perfect for the game, its very soothing, and of course when it needs to be, its quite unnerving.The gameplay I wouldn't rate to high. I love puzzle games, they're fun and prove a challenge. FEZ hits that spot where it isn't coddling you the whole way telling you what to do. Plus, it also isn't just throwing you out into the dark, it still has it's guidance, it's just not as apparent. The game also has some extra bonus puzzles for collectibles and hidden things spread out across the game, which is a concept I love. But, the puzzles themselves I didn't love. They felt too repetitive at times. But, I haven't played the whole game, I don't know the full plotline, or all the puzzles.I would recommend this to almost anyone. It's a good puzzle game to bury some hours into, and I suggest on looking for secrets, they're fun to find. I was looking forward to the second game, but unfortunately Phil Fish cracked under the pressure of making it. But still, big thumbs up to him for making this great game."
,Recommended,224760,12697651,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Protoman,"An excellent puzzle-platformer. Great music, great atmosphere, excellent sense of exploration. Lovingly crafted by someone who really understands game design. I loved it and I hope you will, too."
76561197998574692,Recommended,224760,12713726,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Zef,"Beautiful game, beautiful music, beautiful experience. A very nice game for relaxing."
76561198038152882,Recommended,224760,12621257,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Wred,"What a game!The first 10 minutes into the game I thought it was a pretty simpel and easy. Just go around and fisnish some goals that was given to you. I just compared it with supermatio and some basic 2D platformer.After 20 minutes, I realised that it was a little bit more than a 2D game. I got some sort of hat (I think it was a Fez) that gave me the power to move and see in 3D. And now I had some sort of a 2D + 3D gameplay style.After 30 minutes, I now thought that the goal was to find and collect cubes that was spread around the world. It was pretty fun and challenging, but only because of the new 2D + 3D gameplay. And I really liked the pixelart and grafic. But it was more coming.After around 2h, I was like, ohhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhhh."
,Recommended,224760,11673736,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Logicly,"The idea of turning perspectives is in my opinion, the coolest part about the game. Its a 2D game, that can be turned in a 3D way... I love it. 9/10"
,Not Recommended,224760,12092670,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Staid,"I couldn't find a cube and spent half my day looking for it. I then went online to see if I could get any hints to where it was, but I couldn't find a single thing about where this damn cube was located. So I went on Twitter to see if anyone could help me out and got overwhelmed with the feedback i recieved. With my new knowledge I set out to find the cube I spent 12 hours looking for, only to find a large middle finger flailing around the room I was in. Needless to say I was very dissapointed to find this very inappropriate content in this game. I then not 30 seconds later contacted the creator of the game: Phil Fish, and demanded that the sequal for this game be canceled and for the money I spent on this game to be refunded to me. Unfortunately I was only able to gain one of these, But I'm glad one of my goals was met. Overall I'd give this game a 2/24 because in the end all I got was a giant middle finger in the face."
,Recommended,224760,28672012,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,gaerojoi,"Fez was the most challenging puzzle game I've ever played, and mostly because not only it encourages creative thinking, but also the story is a beautiful mixture of philosophy, science and the nature of the universe (yes).You will need plenty of patience to figure everything out, and I hope you won't need as much online research as I did (Some puzzles are heartbreakingly arduous)Moving a character around was a nice touch compared to puzzle games where you just have to click around, and I enjoyed playing it on PC.PS: You most certainly will get addicted to it and won't stop until you're done."
,Not Recommended,224760,12111735,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,Ethan_Da_man_,Two words Phil FishGood gameplay but i regret giving my money to Phil.
,Recommended,224760,648,"Posted: 8 September, 2013",all,Tim,You buy it. Now.
,Recommended,224760,169648,"Posted: 25 August, 2013",all,McMillanFixXxeR,This took me almost 3 weeks to beat.... but that was only because I was working 12 hour days and weekends.  Actual play time was around 5-6 hours.That aside - this is a very fun and interesting game.  No action or killing - just exploring and collecting cubes while trying to take advantage of the rotating perspective.As many said before - the Art Style is fun to look at and each world had its own feel.  My only gripe is that some of the secrets are very cryptic and likely cause most people to skip some that don't want to read a hint guide/walkthrough.I'd recommend it to folks who love old school games with a new twist.  The puzzle is exploring !
76561198007646352,Recommended,224760,29191424,Posted: 11 January,all,KOJAK,FEZ
,Recommended,224760,8009681,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Didgy,"Buy This Game. End of....oh, you want more?I watched Indie Game The Movie and fell in love with the idea and mechanics of FEZ. It's simple to pick up, addictive as hell, and one mind-f**k of a game.The originality of this game combined with the need to actually think things through laterelly (rather than run-and-gun rail shooters) makes this one of the best games I have played in a long time."
,Recommended,224760,1765849,"Posted: 26 August, 2013",all,Lex Averial,"Pretty innovative puzzles. Requires a lot of ""out of the box"" thinking to solve everything. Except for the clock, screw the clock. You'll know what I mean."
,Recommended,224760,16164118,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,SnowY,good game.
,Recommended,224760,15590147,"Posted: 27 April, 2015",all,Bad Influence,This is one of the best games i have ever played! I love it most out of all my games the only thing wrong with it is that it lags my computer alot other than that its perfect!
,Recommended,224760,24004565,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Organist,...what???
,Recommended,224760,10150978,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,g-o-b-j-ä-r-k,the guy who make game is pretty hatty
,Recommended,224760,10828191,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,evil speakers,"Absolutely brilliant exploration/puzzle game. Even though it may be cool to ""hate"" on Fez/Phil Fish, this really is an exceptional game and deserves to be played. Getting lost in this world is most definately a highlight of my gaming life."
,Not Recommended,224760,12102923,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,ThorSummoner,"I can only recomend this game as a tech demo, the presentation of the world is fantastic; I would love to see more.However, I entirely scrapped trying to play this game when I realized how absoutely rediculous the 'puzzles' were. Most puzzles are based on the cordinations of two smallest meaningless details of the world and demanded trial and error. There is no way to get things right by dumb luck and things are never intuative."
,Recommended,224760,13097763,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Kanthy,"FEZ is a cuter than cute game that is sure to leave your mind boggled, yet intrigued. With an astoundingly original concept, adorable 8-bit graphics and beautiful, yet sometimes melancholy and distorted world, FEZ is a brilliant game which will stick with you long after you've played it. Amazing."
,Recommended,224760,479161,"Posted: 11 September, 2013",all,johndrinkwater [🐧︀ 🎮],🐟👍
76561197970384883,Recommended,224760,403211,"Posted: 27 June, 2013",all,FHDA,74% an masterpice fore casual gaming.
,Recommended,224760,9993280,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Crsty,gomez too cute and great game much fun
76561198142291965,Recommended,224760,11708170,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,2Close4Comfort,"All I can say is that this game needs to support Windows 8 Because I run 8.1 and this game is a buggy mess on windows 8. This game looks fun, so please support it. Although this game looks fun, I can't play it. what a shame."
,Recommended,224760,12168223,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Ember Twist,Reminded me of what VIDEO GAMES are all about.
,Recommended,224760,23012526,"Posted: 15 May, 2016",all,7 SPOOK DAD,"The dev is an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, and the game shoves ""indie"" up your♥♥♥♥♥with all of its cryptic messages and puzzles, but you'll get one or two of them and feel like the second coming of Albert Einstein. Plus, google will help you with all the other ones. Definitely not a good game for someone that just wants a more casual puzzle game though."
,Recommended,224760,22310684,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Steve Jobronies,"FEZ is a truly unique game that the trailer can explain better than I can, so go watch that. The artistic style and blend in a unique way that makes this an extremely intriguing and fun game. There is no penalty for death, and the game is low stress while maintaining a challenging puzzle aspect. The story lacks actual substance, although it is adequate for a game like FEZ. Despite the mediocre ""story"" the ending is extremely satisfying, and it delivers a sense of accomplishment that most games fail to deliver. This blended with the incredible amount of easter eggs and exploration gimmicks creates an game that will not disappoint.9/10"
,Recommended,224760,28229350,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,Hox,A charming puzzle-platformer that obviously took far more effort to make than to solve.Well worth the time to play just to finish the main game. Better not to look too deeply into the puzzles or game development.
,Recommended,224760,25829406,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,THIS PROJECT IS RETIRED,"Good game, can't wait for the sequel"
,Recommended,224760,27311402,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,bagel boy,good
76561198162471909,Recommended,224760,29042025,Posted: 5 January,all,Unrelated Popcorn Fire,*insert review*
76561198054159783,Recommended,224760,30049460,Posted: 19 February,all,Grey_Goo,Awesome !
,Recommended,224760,8159871,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,CTOForADay,Every inch the joy to play I'd hoped for.  Just beautiful.
,Not Recommended,224760,21763737,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,Mister Oxy,★★☆☆☆Phil Fish.( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
,Recommended,224760,31268267,Posted: 20 April,all,GoldenSlumber,强烈推荐这款神作，之前和室友玩盗版，现在趁着打折赶紧入了再玩一遍。
,Recommended,224760,29390905,Posted: 20 January,all,DylanTheSniper,Good game with a terrible developer. A one hit wonder and I hope the worst for Phil Fish.
76561198258309415,Recommended,224760,31348439,Posted: 24 April,all,FlaminPotato,Please ccome back Phill
76561198316042475,Recommended,224760,31362974,Posted: 25 April,all,The Doctor,Great game great gameplay but why a fez why mabye the 11th doctor would like it.
,Recommended,224760,9254052,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,maalorn,"The developers entitled attitude aside, this was an amazing example of the level of artistic quality video games can achieve."
,Recommended,224760,9261452,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,4R3S,Absolutely gorgeous and original!
76561198082455462,Recommended,224760,11551216,"Posted: 4 August, 2014",all,DB,great simple platformer worth every penny
,Recommended,224760,20788769,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Snailiad The Almighty Cannoli,>get told to go up to somewhere with an old man alone as a child>get kinky with some interdimensional cube>gives me a fez for good kinky-winky>annoying fairy thing like in legend of zelda tells me to gather up the interdimensional child snatcher's cube thingys>go into a door where only people with fezs are allowed in or smth>why the hells there birds & cats asking butterflies for♥♥♥♥♥♥then? ^^^11/10
76561198051445482,Recommended,224760,13371681,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,meat_shield,Why are you reading my review? You should be playing Fez. It's great.
,Recommended,224760,8329277,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,~authoritarian marxist,"Great game, really fun."
,Recommended,224760,10608721,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Cpt. Rayner,"FEZ is a brilliant game.I originally discovered it watching the 'Indie Game Movie' and was immediately drawn in by the visual style. It looks amazing and plays well also. The game quite classically falls within the puzzle game genre, the super power of the FEZ giving the protagonist the ability to turn his 2D world into a 3D one.I highly recommend this game even if you are not big on 'Indie Games'. I will say however my game does load with glitches, not often; but enough to be worth mentioning, for instance the ladders would become impossible to use. However this is always fixed by simply reloading the game.8/10"
,Not Recommended,224760,19297383,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Konizumi,give me headache
,Recommended,224760,8190366,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,[BDF] Ksi,"FEZ combines the best of puzzle games and platformer, explore a world in 2.5D, with its own alphanumeric system and its own system of riddle, learn from scratch and enjoy its univers."
,Recommended,224760,20811128,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Rodzynek,gra bardzo fajna polecam haha
76561198124525526,Recommended,224760,21776649,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,PRINCEWHO,FEZ is love FEZ is life. <3
,Not Recommended,224760,11019018,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,John,got bored pretty quickly.
,Recommended,224760,20168087,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Good-Natured Filth,I think enough has been written about this game (and Phil Fish). I used a guide to get everything because hell if I'm going to figure some of that insane crap out on my own.
,Recommended,224760,13192623,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,davidincostamesa,
76561197979987723,Not Recommended,224760,10944830,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Olav den hellige,"Hello bought this game! after watching the indie game documentary! I first started up the game, and climbed up to the top, everything seemed okei. After i resived the Pixel hat, the game started to spin and i was throwed back to the main menu of the game, and had to start all over.. I dont know if anyone else have experinced this, but for me it was not a good first impression!"
,Recommended,224760,5131299,"Posted: 6 May, 2013",all,Milk,Indie game rivals that of cave story in terms of groundbreaking brilliance.
,Recommended,224760,29347741,Posted: 18 January,all,urlordjames | trade.tf,It's a master 'Disaster Peace' ba dum tsk.
,Recommended,224760,10395381,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,Libtard Dictater Obunga,very gud much recommend
76561198069877806,Recommended,224760,21330004,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,ur Game Buddy,This game actually made me reach for a pen and paper to solve riddles - it's been a while.
,Recommended,224760,21375159,"Posted: 21 February, 2016",all,RenlyXC,Doctor Who Simulator
76561198122019957,Recommended,224760,21342644,"Posted: 20 February, 2016",all,DanTheMan,"Wow. Just, wow."
76561198236052602,Not Recommended,224760,21315515,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,christian_curran,"Buying this game seems to be mandatory , I also love platformers but I just lost interest.I have a good computer and rarely have any problems with steam games but this glitched and stuttered regularly.The world map is tedious and complex to study.The idea is brilliant and the levels have a great fresh atmosphere , but the whole game is let down by its workmanlike structure."
,Recommended,224760,5887194,"Posted: 15 September, 2013",all,East End Hiccup,"You can hate it's developer (Phil Fish)  as much as you want (like I do), but this game is crazy.  Just Brilliant !(Controller recommended)"
76561198220201287,Recommended,224760,20792692,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Pringle,"I tried to like this game.. But i just can't, i think some people would enjoy it, I think some people would LOVE this, but i just didn't, so i half recommend this"
76561198001535311,Recommended,224760,10023565,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,wotan3,If this were a book I'd read it on the toilet.
76561198164895115,Recommended,224760,13765266,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,CommanderSheriff,"installed,played,went crazy of all the puzzels,did em anyway, this game will drive you a little crazy but is has nice 8-bit graphics,this is a game that will send chalaging puzzels to your brain mind"
,Recommended,224760,167666,"Posted: 9 September, 2013",all,RadKit,"Fez is an amazing puzzle/exploration game that anyone can enjoy.Wonderful visuals and music.Puzzles that range from very easy to ""took the community years to solve"".Considering its price, and length, and what you get out of it, Fez is immensely worth it."
,Recommended,224760,10894209,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,CheapBrew,"The most enjoyable platformer I've played in many years.  Not too challenging, but always charming and surprising.  Played great on a Mac with a Dualshock 3 controller."
,Recommended,224760,10909348,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Ailurinae,"I really love FEZ, it's got a good mix of easy and mind-bendingly hard puzzles, a huge number of short levels that you can discover and play in whatever order you choose, or chance on, and lots of hidden gameplay tricks that as you gradually work them out make you completely re-evaluate the way you play (and re-play) levels to discover more secrets. The only non-fun thing about it is navigating the map, but you don't really need the map til towards the end of the game anyway, and it certainly hasn't stopped me from enjoying it... every night this week... til 2am..."
76561197987201449,Recommended,224760,10900648,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,ECDubbleyew,"Beautiful game, very creative. Love it!"
76561198055657502,Recommended,224760,10925600,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,La Reina De Las Putas,"To be honest, I bought this game on sale and it has honestly been one of the best 5 dollars I had ever spent before! There was never a dull moment to this game and there were many secrets and puzzles which i loved. This is a great game for any puzzle finatics out there!"
,Recommended,224760,10890917,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,dukasmc,"8.5/10This is an extreamly entertaining game although it's a bit short. A few of the puzzles are very hard to figure out with out the help of the internet (Black Monolith), but most are really just fun figuring out."
,Recommended,224760,10890967,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Rephel Agrona,"It's great and looks nice, but HOLY HELL SOME OF THESE DAMN CUBES ARE HARD TO GET (I'm talking about Anti-Cubes here). It's worth it though!"
,Recommended,224760,19355741,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Sushiboy9000,Wonderful puzzle game with nice graphics and an amazing soundtrack. Would reccomend
,Recommended,224760,24452000,"Posted: 21 July, 2016",all,Havnoch,My head hurts...
76561197991103051,Not Recommended,224760,12365673,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Puddle,"Ill start with the port.There seems to have been quite a few bugs introduced in the port to the Pc. Within the first 20 minutes or so I encountered 3 bugs. The first was one that made the main character invisable. Restarting the game fixed it. The second would not recognize vines as objects and wouldn't let me grab them. You have to verify the game cache and restart for it to fix. The last was something that just crashed the game. After leaving the first world the bugs seemed to stop so im not sure if they are outside of that area.Now for the game itself.....For a platformer, it didn't get the controlls very well. The jumps are super floaty which causes you to fall off or miss the tiny platforms you often have to aim for. At the same time the animations are very slow so things like walking, climbing, and pulling yourself up a ledge feel like they take much longer than they should.For a puzzle game it also fails for 2 reasons.1. Its the same puzzle for the whole game. I only played an hour but the game is only 5 1/2 hours long. Every level was solved the same way. You rotate the world to find your next jump. Rinse and repeat.2. Come to find out after I quit and went to look it up to see if it gets better, that there are quite a few puzzles that cant even be solved in game and rely on you going to an outside source to solve. Things like QR codes or binary messages in the backgrounds and such.The main mechanic never goes anywhere. Its a really cool idea dont get me wrong, but nothing is actually done with it. You pretty much see the whole game once you have left the first area. It would have been cool to see it varied a little bit.The story was about non exsistant and waasn't interesting so that wont do anything for you.Some of the sound asets just sound freaking horrible. I had to mute my speakers for the section with all the lightning striking because it was just dreadfull.In a market where puzzle platformers are a dime a dozen, you really need to do something to seperate yourself. While the mechanic in this game initially sets it apart, it turns stale very quickly."
,Not Recommended,224760,17202903,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,TheAmarthar,"Decent puzzle-platformer with adorable art style, but some of the puzzles are way too cryptic making them very frustrating (a guide is necessary if you don't want to pull your hair out). The fact that the ending is pretentious as all hell, also doesn't help it's case. The PC-specific options are almost non-existent.I regret buying this game... I completed it, so I don't have to touch it ever again. Uninstalled and forgotten."
,Recommended,224760,20007241,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,freechat900,Amazing Gameplay. The character is cute. ^-^
,Recommended,224760,19303245,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Peasqueak,"I love this game.  When my internet was out and I couldn't play Counterstrike I played a bunch of the singleplayer games I had and this game is amazing.  It's just amazing, get it. Get the game."
76561198058072322,Recommended,224760,8226562,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Subsect4,Nice
76561198280390289,Recommended,224760,33015946,Posted: 29 June,all,Erentschler,Everone likes FEZ-es Right?
,Recommended,224760,9953036,"Posted: 27 April, 2014",all,HeadShot,Awesome platformer with well-done idea! 10/10
,Recommended,224760,23194766,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,vcpinheiro14,"Even though this is a platforming game, it's mainly a puzzle, and a really hard one if you intend to complete 100%.Liked:Gourgeous pixelated art style, detailed, colorful, polishedGreat level design and a new paradigmSense of rewardGame's world and its philosophical instigationDisliked:Doesn't make clear when you can´t solve a puzzle yetMap structure, orientation and quick traveling are knottyAlphabet's transferal is complex to solve (the hints should have helped more) and burdensome to execute"
76561198094578410,Recommended,224760,32163946,Posted: 3 June,all,SuperSmashFM,"I haven't played this for a long time, and it's not really one you'd go back too. With that being said, it'll just state somethings I remember from the game.- THIS IS NOT AN ACTION GAME! FEZ is an adventure, platformer, and puzzle game, but simply only that. Don't expect Gomez to have a gun and shoot things.- Good Graphics and Setting. The graphics are outstanding for pixels and the setting of the game is pretty interesting. It can get very interestng at times.- MIND-BOGGLING PUZZLES! So, FEZ has a lot of puzzles and some are simple. But, there are very complex ones and without a guide, you might never figure out what to do. And to this day, there's still puzzles that are unsolvable for me (and if there's more puzzles to be found).- Not much story? I think it was just complicated, and there's a lot of mysteries to be solved.- Good value for a indie game? This is acutally a very creative platformer with great puzzles. Though, it really is kind of short depending on how you play it (guide/no guide). The music is nothing memorable, but otherwise, it is a good experience, though being a more action-adventure gamer I am, I was kind of uncomfortable with the lack of action there was.If you like platformers and puzzle/mystery, you really should get this game. The price is reasonable, but I suggest getting it in a steam sale. In my rating I give this,Visual & Music: 8/10 (Good visuals and areas, okay music)Gameplay: 9/10 (Interesting puzzles and platforming, but can be very complex at times)Lasting Effect: 6/10 (Quite easy to forget, but is enjoyable)Overall (Average): 7.7/10-Legam"
,Recommended,224760,19773270,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,gabrielagbbogo,Beautiful
76561198284189382,Recommended,224760,32073869,Posted: 30 May,all,cc_citrius,Amazing world and intricate puzzle solving. Good for entertain the puzzle craving mind or just explore!
76561198093078973,Recommended,224760,32143713,Posted: 2 June,all,dasanayaka,"10/10Pros- unique 3-D rotation of a 2-D game; interesting play on side-scrollers- you can make it through the entire game without getting too tripped up by a puzzle, but if you want a perfect run, you will definitely be challenged- enjoyable simplicity; you focus on the mechanics and the world rather than loud noises and chaotic gameplayCons- difficult to go back to solve puzzles or find entrances that were previously locked to you; the world map is kind of confusing to navigate"
76561198092827591,Recommended,224760,32085876,Posted: 31 May,all,MTLove,Literally mind-blowing .
76561198095413985,Recommended,224760,32098715,Posted: 31 May,all,cademon101,this is one of the best games I have ever played. the whole game has been well planned and the exploration is fun. when you get tired of the the the hard puzzles you can just walk way and come back later making a gameplay longer. overall I recemend it for people who dont want full action and can think and ponder about things and take it slow insted of full action
,Recommended,224760,32111645,Posted: 1 June,all,TrinityofWar,This game is nothing short of a masterpiece. Highly recommend if you want to play something that is like no other game.10/10
76561198019193223,Recommended,224760,8521092,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Galadhatan,"This is a game of two parts: the first time through, you'll collect half of the golden cubes, and along the way enjoy the mind-twisting mechanics of the game.  It's enjoyable and fun. The second time through requires you to decode cyphers, find hints of obscure patterns, and probably end up with several pages of notes (if you don't just go for the walkthroughs, that is).  It could be fun, but you have to pick your way to these uncompleted levels through the completed levels, which is a headache, and finding your way with this map is tedious at best.  If it were easier to return to uncompleted levels (there are warp gates, but they aren't much help), it might do a lot to alleviate the tedium of going back and forth.  It also has a few small problems in its design (knowing whether a level is finishable, for instance, in the first run-through, or more info on what artifacts, treasure maps, and anti-cubes are for).Play for the first run through, don't bother for the second (unless you really, really want to)."
,Recommended,224760,8282975,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Flash~Step,a refreshing and interesting take on the tried and true puzzle platformer. a joy to play and many secrets to find and figure out.
,Recommended,224760,16270911,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,DarkNetFan,Amazing puzzle game. The mechanics are great!
,Recommended,224760,16316220,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,A3R0Hound,"Very challenging, clever. and fun game. Beautiful enviroment, decent music, detailed texture, overall one of the most best platformers I've ever played. Prob a 9/10"
,Recommended,224760,22203399,"Posted: 2 April, 2016",all,RetFish,"Großartig!!!+Super Soundtrack(s)+Super geile weit vernetzte Spielwelt+viele interessante Rätsel, Schwierigkeit pendelt zwischen leicht bis Stephen Hawking, für jeden was dabei+kreativ designte Umgebungen, kombiniert mit innovativem Gameplayich bin fast traurig das Spiel im Sale gekauft zu haben, es ist viiiiieeeel mehr Wert als es kostetein MUSS für Indie Fans"
,Recommended,224760,971514,"Posted: 25 May, 2013",all,XYZ,+ 2D platforming with a nice 3D twist+ Artwork- You have to revisit quite a lot of levels to get all the cubes- QR codes that you have to scan to progress
76561198125446741,Not Recommended,224760,13888374,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Thirst Curisade,Is this game still in development because it is glitching ALOT!!!!
,Recommended,224760,16731613,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,The Lizard King,( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°)
76561198076428596,Not Recommended,224760,16744915,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Werezerg,"Wow this game was just a big disappointment! No idea why it got these high ratings!I expected a nice puzzle game which uses the 2D-3D mechanics for great puzzles. Instead the 2D-3D mechanic is stupidly easy and the corresponding puzzles are boring after 5 minutes into the game.There seem to be other puzzles in this game as well, some kind of meta puzzles where hidden messages are encoded in the background and stuff like that... these puzzles seem to be just weird unsolvable stuff.If you want to buy a nice puzzle game with original puzzles, a nice graphic, and so on i recommend Nihilumbra."
,Recommended,224760,22188836,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Wedge,I bought this because fez.
76561198274697670,Not Recommended,224760,26482421,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Chosen One 2241,"Awesome experience I have to say, but occasionally freezing and can do nothing but reboot the WHOLE system (test on Ubuntu 16.04 with Mesa driver)"
,Recommended,224760,30817392,Posted: 29 March,all,DpopCharlton,It's K
,Recommended,224760,2528406,"Posted: 13 July, 2013",all,forfrosne,"Really interesting puzzle platformer, reminds me a bit of Braid. I love the pixelly graphics. On its sutface it's a 2D puzzle platformer, where you're tasked with collecting pieces of a cube, pressing switches etc; but its twist is that there's actually 3 dimensions to the game so you can switch between four different angles of viewing which makes the game really pretty tricky. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,224760,26157195,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,The Dab Lord,Send help. My brain has melted with confusion.
,Recommended,224760,26007384,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,Ninja_Muffin2.4,"A game that keeps on giving, this game will wow you until the very last moments."
,Recommended,224760,23824513,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,TheBrianster,this game is really enjoyable
,Recommended,224760,31203871,Posted: 17 April,all,Superdude4567,Pretty good game.
76561198065534670,Recommended,224760,31208982,Posted: 17 April,all,[VAV] Hen,Now we're talking
,Recommended,224760,31204262,Posted: 17 April,all,Mr. Bean Survived Apocalypse,"Great Soundtrack , Mind Soothing but very hard intence puzzles..game have own language called fezian i recommend u guys to use decode guide to read fezian.........coz without it u aint able to complete this in 100hrs and maybe lost in world of Fez. yeah i mean it. i used the guide just for decode...and completed 100%game in mere 18hrs with 2 endings.just look out for signs , try to remember map. you guys will do fine."
,Recommended,224760,31206863,Posted: 17 April,all,Tsolemn,"The greatest puzzle game I've ever played. The only thing that comes close is OFF. Thanks, Phil Fish, for this masterpiece."
76561197993946663,Recommended,224760,31211304,Posted: 17 April,all,ezek,"Came for the gameplay, stayed for the universe.The game is a succession of puzzles based on a clever 3D/2D mechanism. Just for it, this game is worth trying.....but the real thing with Fez is its universe. It is quite rich, beautiful and mysterious. It makes you want to look behind every single stone and replay puzzles to see if you missed some hidden treasures. It gives the similar feeling as Cave Story or old school Japanese RPGs where you feel that the universe is bigger than the game.The game is quite short, 3-4h to finish it and 6h to get all the achievments, but it is a unique and satisfying experience."
76561198194299269,Recommended,224760,31219693,Posted: 18 April,all,Ba-Ke,"Awesome levels. Remarkable riddles and secrects, however some of them may be really difficult.Interesting story with nice atmosphere.Absolutely amazing chip-tune style soundtrack by Disasterpiece.10/10 by me for such kind of game genre.Recommend!"
,Recommended,224760,14952337,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,EzyPzyJapaneze,"Fez is sometimes incredibly fun and adorable, the pixelart aesthetic and the incredibly cute main protagonist named gomez is excellent aswell as the other characters in the game. Basically the whole game is about exploring the world which is quite expansive, you'll have to find the cubes to bring back the world back together and after you finish that you'll have to collect the other types of cubes, there are an incredible ammount of secrets and easter eggs in the game. But fez can be incredibly frustrating aswell, navigaton is horrible, sometimes you have no idea how you wound up in a place/world you didn't wanted to go or be...and the ingame map layout doesn't really help. But the game is incredibly fun when it works and doesn't crash down to desktop every few seconds...The music and the sounds are awesome, high quality soundtrack was so good I had to buy it digitally. Overall I would rate this game 9/10, if it wasn't for the bad map layout and all the bugs and crashes and stuff it would be perfect. I would recommend this game for sure."
,Recommended,224760,7869044,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Noelwiz,"if this looks fun, get it, and buy the great soundtrack"
76561198090502286,Recommended,224760,7831134,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Froggie McRibbit,"This is a great game! It takes the 2D style of this kind of game and makes it 3D, yet still 2D at the same time. The graphics are great too, and the puzzles really make you great. Overall, it's really cute, and I love it!"
76561198113050656,Not Recommended,224760,16652704,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,vivo,
,Recommended,224760,22905252,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,ShittyRouter,"One of my favorite games of all time. It makes a statement, not as a game, but also as a piece of art. Phenomenal."
,Recommended,224760,5397731,"Posted: 5 May, 2013",all,GlhrmCst,twist your brain how often is needed. That's GREAT!
76561197990314940,Recommended,224760,1264582,"Posted: 3 May, 2013",all,MadCat,FEZ is so pretty and relaxing yet at the same time puzzling..such a perfect blend of carefree gameplay mixed with puzzles requiring you to change dimensions to accomplish your goal. 10/10  A must buy for indie/platformer lovers.
,Recommended,224760,10685698,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,"""SAD SALAD""","beautiful platformer, and a very cool and unique idea, i managed to push and get the game fully compeleted to %209.49/10"
,Not Recommended,224760,12257921,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Dongdona,this game sucks
,Recommended,224760,10501431,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Toppa,Fez is a great 2D game? no more like a 3d game it is totally
,Recommended,224760,9168566,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,"September 3, 2015","nice 8bit style game, love it much"
,Recommended,224760,20883856,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Soybeam,One of the coolest indie games on steam! This game is simple yet complicated in the best possible way! It also has graphics that somehow make my day happier?
,Recommended,224760,10466044,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,DrDank,ku$h
,Recommended,224760,6812272,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,Reality,"The fact of this game is that most people will not like it. It is more non linear than a 2-d game can safely be. You are thrown into a 14 way branching path almost as soon as you escape the tutorial.  The platforming is solid. You will learn that aligning objects makes for some of the best puzzles ever, and it does have traditional speed platforming sections.A good example is there will be a three buildings with incomplete ladders on them. Because they are side by side you cannot jump from one to the other. But if you rotate the world, the first and second buildings will line up, and after you climb to the second story you can rotate again to line up the second and third stories while the first ladder segment vanishes away.The actual use of the rotating mechanic is that FEZ does not use a separate foreground and background, so that surfaces can behave unexpectedly. Invisible platforms in rain or under a waterfall will have particles splashing off them and the first such area gives you training wheels to look for them by also having lightning flashes. It's amazing to go through it all.The game is also esoteric and you after you have free access through the stages you will have to look through them again for a kind of siera like lore quest... there is an in-game alphabet to discover and riddles that  involve things like coded messages (2  separate alphabets denotes the game controls and numeral system) and sometimes you will have to use sound based challenges.The game makes you go to incredible lengths to get the ""good"" ending, which will annoy people. In my original review, I assume that you will be happy with the hours of divine platforming you will go through before even knowing that these aspects are part of the game and consider it money well spent even if you drop the game afterwards.A pure platformer if ever there was one, FEZ has a suprisinging amount of content, and truly sets a different goal for its players than to simply reach the goalpost at the end. The music and sprites know their place, they are just part of charm of the game, and never try to sell any stage by themselves. An ageless game. Buy it."
,Recommended,224760,13400814,"Posted: 16 December, 2014",all,meroplankton,Totally blew me out of the water. Fantastic visuals and great music. Tons of well hidden secrets to sooth your OCD tendencies.
,Recommended,224760,7930755,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,JULIAN csgobig.com csgoatse.com,"A great game with a whole new dimension of fun and adventure, Fez is delightful and full of many fun adventures! Checkout my first episode of the series for Fez!http://youtu.be/8IAzpdHdsZQ"
,Not Recommended,224760,14232352,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,{JSRL} Bodhi's Pool Repair,"a confusing puzzle game. after i got the fist cube, i didn't know what to do. no storyline attached and mimimal dilog"
76561198029751280,Recommended,224760,34008069,Posted: 3 August,all,SoLiDSoNiC,i liked it
,Recommended,224760,22962036,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Chowderchu,"Originally I left a negative review for FEZ because I didn't enjoy playing it. I've come back to leave a positive review after putting more work into experiencing it.I think that I finally realized why I don't necessarily enjoy playing FEZ. It makes me feel lost and confused as I wander through an abstract maze in order to gather tiny blocks in order to save a universe that I know very little about and don't care about much at all. Whenever I can't seem to reach a block it doesn't seem far out of reach if I just keep tapping the trigger buttons and rotating the world. When I can't get to a block or I'm forced to take one path instead of another, it's painful knowing that I will need to backtrack through the annoying maze of a world once again later on down the line.However, the game is awesome in it's own strange, painful, and beautiful way. The graphics and the level of detail and the level of care that is put into the design of each area is amazing. You can really feel the work that was put into this game, but it is almost painful when you imagine that it was the work of one man. I can imagine what a confusing nightmare that the design must have been like, and it makes me appreciate the game more. I think that I can enjoy FEZ in small doess, so I intend to keep coming back to it. I'm sure that the payoff will be remarkable if ever force myself to finish the game."
,Recommended,224760,21740156,"Posted: 9 March, 2016",all,Pugu,rip 2
,Not Recommended,224760,12975222,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Lucasif The Odd,"If you've ever not purchased a game because you don't like the devs or publishers (EA, Ubisoft) then you would be a hypocrite to buy this. Developer Phil Fish calls his fans misogynistic and tells us we are 'ruining' gaming. Don't buy this on principle, there are games much the same that are just as fun and aren't run by someone who would see the death of the gaming industry if it was his choice."
,Not Recommended,224760,16147038,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,🍌CBw/C🍌,"Visually, Fez is awesome. The art direction is amazing and the ending sequence is nothing short of breath-taking. However the platforming is slow and the puzzles leave a lot to be desired. I could describe the puzzle solving as tedious, time-consuming, and ultimately unrewarding, but I'd rather say it's ♥♥♥♥ing ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t.Don’t play Fez, watch somebody else play Fez, otherwise you’ll wander around for a long time, and it’s not the good kind of wandering either."
,Not Recommended,224760,7863908,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Skellyhell,"Didnt like it, looked forward to PC release for so long, sure Phil Fish is a hateable guy, but i had heard good things about the game only to find out myself that it was overhyped. controls are very floaty, the rotation mechanic feels wrong at times, but hey if its on sale it might be worth a punt"
,Not Recommended,224760,22891989,"Posted: 10 May, 2016",all,mako,"Beautiful, polished, but unless you like navigating networks of doors, or if you're incredibly amazed by the 3d shift mechanic, it will not provide many interesting interactions."
,Recommended,224760,445006,"Posted: 12 July, 2013",all,midkay,"Cannot recommend this game more highly, to those who enjoy intelligent and creative and clever game design, and not being pandered to. Fair warning: there are no objective arrows in this game, no to-do lists, no quests or boss battles. This is something entirely different. Pure unadulterated exploration of a gorgeous and mind-bending orthographic world slowly gives way to the most brain-racking series of puzzles you've ever had no choice but to solve, which the game flatly, almost cheekily, leaves you entirely to your own devices on. The resultant satisfaction of cracking, by hand, one of the game's many mysteries, feels truly earned -- a satisfaction which it took until after beating the game to realize I'd been sorely missing from gaming as of late."
,Recommended,224760,25780997,"Posted: 30 September, 2016",all,Did you mean Dopaje,I Phill Fishy about this game
,Not Recommended,224760,12725139,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,[5d]Ebb,you crashed that wedding. nobody invited you. nobody wanted you there. you little♥♥♥♥♥♥
76561198043052871,Not Recommended,224760,15756941,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,GabenOnlyKnows,FISH
76561198041746894,Not Recommended,224760,12127754,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,ktulhu_nir,Suck my♥♥♥♥♥♥ Choke on it.
,Recommended,224760,12857601,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,JonPringus Sweet_Pop_Red,reminds me of everything that is wrong with games10/10-♥♥♥♥ you phil fish
,Not Recommended,224760,13462932,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Dextro,"No. Just No. This game looks fun and interesting. But, its just a crap ton of repetitive boring puzzles with no real rhyme or reason."
,Recommended,224760,14764342,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,Urah,A flawless masterpiece.
76561197977450461,Not Recommended,224760,12913529,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,EUdaD,"Feels like a game developed by Polytron Corporation for Polytron Corporation, as itrequiresthe player to restort to online resources for adventure progression and comprehention of story line."
,Recommended,224760,8813140,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Saint Satan,I agree with Talcon that this game is awesome.
,Not Recommended,224760,10944283,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,jaysthoughts,Glitchiest most bug riddled disappointing game I've ever played.
,Not Recommended,224760,7771148,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,filipesilva,"It's a very interesting game with the 3D thing, but I can't find any tips in game on how to solve some puzzles! Sorry, but I don't want to look for guides to know how to complete the game."
,Not Recommended,224760,7871036,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Modal Soul,This game is quite possibly one of the worst games that I have ever played. Unless this game is on sale for $3 or less I cannot possibly see this being worth it. The question that I keep on asking myself was how there could possibly be a demand for a sequel for this snoozefest.
,Not Recommended,224760,7873076,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Andy Habanero,lame
,Not Recommended,224760,8610858,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Kaviar!,"It looks fun, but it dissapoints you with all the confusing levels."
76561198110148233,Not Recommended,224760,23159684,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,jules47,"To be honest, I really was looking forward to playing this game and enjoying it for it's undeniably outstanding atmosphere and art style. However unfortunately, I found myself staring at some glaring game drawbacks that I really think greatly ruined the entire overall experience.1. ProgressionI'm afraid there simply is none. Sure the ability to change the world perspective is neat and intriguing, however, when that soon becomes the only real game mechanic you have, it quickly becomes a bit tiring, repetitive, and boring, with me desperately craving for some sort of variation. I had greatly hoped that the 4 relics you collected in the game might have unlocked new useful powers for my character, but to my misfortune, they all did absolutely nothing.2. The EndingWhile I'm usually not too picky about a game's ending, I found Fez's ending incredibly dissapointing and confusing, spectacular artistic visuals and music aside. I'm not going to spoil the ending for you because I simply can't, but I feel it is just an incredibly jarring and unsatisfying note to end your experience on. Oh and yes, I am referring to the game's standard ending, the one that about 99% of players will obtain, as the true ending, which admitedlly I think has pretty much the same drawbacks as the first ending, is essentially impossible to obtain without cheating. Speaking of which,3. 200% CompletionAs we all know, FEZ is supposed to be a game full of puzzles. Unfortunately, said puzzles are practically impossible to solve without looking up on the internet, as they range from typing in bizzare keyboard codes out of nowhere to open doors, to randomly hitting the sides of a bell numerous times, things far too cheap and insanely difficult for anyone to ever naturally solve on their own. And yes, if you want the true ending, you do need to obtain 200% completion by solving every puzzle and obtaining everything within the game.4. MapsThey simply didn't work properly on my computer due to some sort of bug or something, with all of them appearing as black sheets of paper. Not exactly helpful when they provide crutial hints to certain portions of the game.Overall, I may not be the most artistic visionary in the world, and it could be completely possible that I missed out on a lot of hidden meanings and values present within the entire game and it's endings. However, from my basic casual gamer perspective, I overall wouldn't really recommend this game as a must have, or classic puzzle experience, only as a game that I'd suggest purchasing when on sale for it's shear phenomenal design."
76561198074688239,Recommended,224760,12802058,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,punk giy,One of the most beautiful and fun games I have had the honor to play. It is a masterpiece of gaming
,Not Recommended,224760,16299942,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,btb,dumb gimmick looked cool but was stupid lol
,Recommended,224760,2910326,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,Mario Dan,"This game is a exploration game that gives a little of feeling of a ""Metroid"" Game, but you don't fight enemies or have lives to worry about, this game is pasive. Your objective is to look for some ""cubes"" to save your world, the worlds are entertaining, with some puzzles to do with the perspective."
,Not Recommended,224760,24108297,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,BenKenobi,Nice original idea but fell flat after a few levels due to repetitiveness.
76561198049019940,Recommended,224760,26194719,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Captain Saturn,Pay no mind to the artist and appreciate the art.
76561198043595559,Not Recommended,224760,26154786,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,korokokaisen,"If you asked me when I purchased Fez, I'd rave about it's 2-d/3-d mechanic, art, colors, puzzles, and music. This game would then get a 9/10 rating.However, recently the game has not been working at all. It's a well known fact that the last update didn't fair too well and many people had to reinstall the game. I had to as well. It was laggy but still funtioned fine. It wasn't until i tried going through a door way that the game crashed completely. It now sits unusable. It still crashes when I try to continue a game.It's a shame because I've been missing this game since school started up again and I got dumped with too much work. Buy at your own risk. I seriously hope that this game gets fixed for real soon.Until then I can't give a rating to a game I can't play. By default I have to give it a 0/10 and I can not recommend it."
,Recommended,224760,17509108,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,M4CKSU,<3
,Recommended,224760,12870685,"Posted: 9 November, 2014",all,Lunch Parade,"Although the creator of this game is a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥bag, I would say it's still a great game. The magic of this game comes into play when the music and the scenery collide, creating one of the best feelings of the world. It gives you this feeling of solitude and yet, peace. The ambiance only amplifies how great the games aesthetic is. All of this is coupled by the tricky puzzles, such as learning a new language and number system. Puzzles that make you feel like your discovering a lost world, this game leaves you begging for more even after you beat it 100%. I would say this is by far, one of the greatest puzzle games I have ever played. I hope you take the time to pick this masterpiece up"
,Not Recommended,224760,9145426,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Laser Printer,Choked on it and died.
76561198055913005,Not Recommended,224760,12322849,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,ɹǝǝpᴉnbS™,"I gotta say, This is the most horribly portrayed game I've ever seen featured on Steam.Basing on the trailer, I had the idea that this would be one of those hard-platformer type games that require precision to pass areas. This game has practically none of those qualities.I mean yes, There are some areas where you need a little precision to pass certain obstacles, But that's really it. For the most part you're simply going around trying to solve puzzles in rooms to earn Cubes.The actual objective in the game is to try and repair a giant cube that was damaged, By beating puzzle rooms to earn the pieces back. Don't get me wrong, Some of the puzzles are rather tricky and creative, But for the most part it's not something that requires a lot of effort.I'm not really sure what they were trying to shoot for with a story-line either. You start the game by receiving the fez hat from the ""Magical"" cube before it's destroyed, I was initially thinking that as the game went on you'd learn about the events prior to this. But frankly, You see a couple things but it does nothing to try and inform the player. It's just left me drawing a blank.The trailer should be redone entirely, It's giving a completely different impression on the game than what it really is."
,Recommended,224760,10084671,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,GottaGoFast,I love this game. It is a very good game with puzzles everywhere get it
,Recommended,224760,7805949,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Vampiro,"It,s very cute game, just a masterpiece"
76561198045760962,Recommended,224760,7786339,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Estate!,"First of all, if you don't like Phil Fish and you are not going to buy this game out of principle, this reveiw is not going to change your mind.Fez is a game that I truely fell in love with. Under it's gusie of a cutsey platformer with a perspective changeing mechanic lies a very deep and VERY hard puzzle game. One puzzle, not one person on the internet has come up with the soloution, they brute forced a code. It is an exercise for the brain like no other, it made me put my true cognetive abilities to the test, a pleasure I rarely get to experiance. It is a game for the right kind of person but if you are that person you will love it. It's a shame the sequel was cancelled."
,Recommended,224760,7876307,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Movie,Blah blah something..Phil Fish joke I guess.♥♥♥♥ off im tired
,Recommended,224760,16228071,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Orio Milkshake,Phil Fish did nothing wrong
,Recommended,224760,1228368,"Posted: 8 September, 2013",all,(๑ↀᆺↀ๑)✧,"suck my♥♥♥♥♥♥ choke on it.-phil fish, ""the father of indie games"""
,Recommended,224760,32724661,Posted: 24 June,all,Total Atomic Annihilation,A N T I C U B E !!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198033136013,Not Recommended,224760,8582588,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,NoSway,"KNOW WHAT YOU'RE GETTING INTO BEFORE YOU BUY! This is not a simple 2d/3d platformer. There is so much BS code in this game that you will spend half your time looking at walkthroughs to get anywhere. Bought this for $2.50 on sale and has been a complete waste, realized I spent half my game time looking at wikis trying to figure out the clues and got real close to putting a gun in my mouth and pulling the trigger."
,Not Recommended,224760,12184910,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Ryan Dorkoski,"Honestly, I would pass on this one. The art and music is REALLY good. The game mechanic is REALLY good. Obviously alot of love went into this title. Problem I found is that it was difficult to play with a controller from the couch. And this is weird since it was made to be that kind of game. The main difficulty with playing from the couch was that reading text was nearly impossible (I won't spoil, but at some point deciphering code becomes a big part of the game). Speaking of those sorts of puzzles - alot of the puzzles were quite difficult and actually felt cumbersome.I felt that there was too much packed into this game. It would have benefitted from being a bit simpler. This is not an easy decision, but I would pass."
,Recommended,224760,12652760,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,Patty_cakers,10/10 would solve again
,Not Recommended,224760,14379982,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Linxus,game gets old after a while
,Not Recommended,224760,8657499,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Cryefer,"You start as this weird white guy named Gomez. A... white... Gomez.Anywho you get some mail that tells you to get to the top of the map. At the top you see spinning cube and you're awarded a hat. A fez. Also an useless cube that follows you and tells you that you can spin a platform, that's it. When you actually want some help, like some pillars you see in the way. The cube just says ""I don't remember"". Gee thanks.Now you can switch the perspective of the world and go travelling. First there are rooms at the village you can search. There are some secrets and you can see at your map where you've been. Golden on a area means its completed. About that... there are still hints you need later in the game. So, loads of backtracking yay.So the goal of the game is to get cubes to open doors. You find bits here and there that make a cube. Also full sized cubes in chests and stuff. Also there are other secret cubes.About the hints I told you. You need those to translate a language and a number system. Well first I ♥♥♥♥ing missed where they were, and then you have to walk in every area to find them. Yes, even the areas you've finished. Well ♥♥♥♥ that♥♥♥♥♥♥ read a guide.So you reach the first ending in like 6 hours. If you want to get the real ending, which btw is pretty much the same♥♥♥♥♥♥as the first. You need to spend like another 6 hours or more. I just don't know if it's worth it.It's just mediocre platforming with cryptic as♥♥♥♥♥♥puzzles that makes you waste time. ♥♥♥♥ you clock puzzle. It has couple good sides like nice looking maps, the first feeling of adventuring and pretty good music. I guess it's fun for a while if you get it cheap like it was on christmas sale otherwise don't bother.Oh and there are some bugs. Like broken ladders, falling through platforms and my favorite where you climb something and keep spamming jump you might start flying. You can actually control the flying by holding the jump button. Restarting the game fixes most bugs."
,Recommended,224760,13047193,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Janpan,Awesome game ! Unique game mechanics and unique feel. Once you stop playing you can't stop.
,Recommended,224760,28111974,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,CIVIX - Rook,"Only played a little bit.(I overplayed this game, don't spend more than 50 hours on this game.)"
,Recommended,224760,26054491,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,Spooksenhower,It's pretty enjoyable.
,Recommended,224760,10454336,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Downypuff,8/8 m8
,Recommended,224760,23075430,"Posted: 18 May, 2016",all,HoodieStrings,You get a sweet hat.7/10
,Recommended,224760,19298440,"Posted: 26 November, 2015",all,Professor.Spy™,"Worth every cent, worth every second."
76561198081732364,Recommended,224760,20544921,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Bic Wang 🍆,"This game is one of the most immersive, bat♥♥♥♥♥♥fun games I've ever played. It's so unique and creative in every possible way. It's story-line and puzzles are so perfect even with the low amount of dialogue in this game. It makes you really think and you'll definitely need help with the puzzles because they're creative and difficult as hell but will simultaneously overfill you with awe and excitement...However it was made by the world's most emotional imp Phil Fish...This game is an emotional rollercoaster from start to finish but the ride ends with the drop in your heart knowing that FEZ 2 will never come out and that the game's experience will never be complete...It's a constant torture to my soul but alteast i know the greatness of Fezes now!"
,Not Recommended,224760,16421564,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Koya et les Morts Idolâtres,"I am disappointed in this game, I went in not knowing I had to decipher codes and do a sequence of button presses to move on but only knowing the vague idea of it - you see 2D in a 3D really good looking world and you rotate to see different sides. I also find that the handling isn't the best, I keep falling off ledges and not jumping far enough or too far way too often, sometimes you're on ice other times you're on glue.Basically, if you want to keep looking at a walkthrough while playing a badly handling game that looks amazing (I can't say anything bad about how it looks) then this is for you, but be aware that you do have to decipher codes.Also, the screen is glitchy in fullscreen and changing the game resolution screwed up my monitor and stopped displaying anything - so if you already have a dodgy computer, don't run this game."
76561198063956761,Not Recommended,224760,8439513,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,SolarFantom,Meh.
76561197978131107,Recommended,224760,779853,"Posted: 30 July, 2013",all,Superbeef,"Fred ""Fish cake"" Mustachio, the leading twitter guru of this modern age, teaches us an important life lesson. That even mediocre platforming game can be made slightly more than the sum of its parts if you throw enough pixel art at it. The finale will leave you in tears, and leave your heart yearning for the next great demoscene simulator from this up and coming young version of Derek Smart."
,Recommended,224760,20795321,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Dan,Trippy...
,Not Recommended,224760,11091002,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,dixie,"I didn't know about Phil Fish when I bought this. It was an honest mistake I swear. The game is ok. The concept of who Phil Fish is and how he ties into this is generally bad. So when I say that I don't recommend this game, it is saying ""I don't condone the concept of Phil Fish etc."""
76561198111632492,Not Recommended,224760,11017704,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,jujube-kun,IM GONNA BE MAD !!!
76561198082931984,Recommended,224760,18051082,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,t w o  d i m e n s i o n a l,i luv it
76561198039831713,Recommended,224760,10533396,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Xauros,very phun
,Recommended,224760,10503694,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,AsinoEsel,"Gameplay:1. Mechanics: Very unique and interesting. (9/10)2. Controls: I played FEZ with keyboard (you don't really need a mouse btw) and it was totally fine. I can imagine it feels smoother with Gamepad, though. One Problem: For a few puzzles you'll need a gamepad (with vibration turned on), as it's necessary in some levels. But there are only 3 levels I can think of, so you're pretty much fine.The controls will maybe take you some time to get into, but after a few minutes playtime you shouldn't have any problems with them. (7.5/10)3. Puzzles: They are great, but REALLY challenging (at least most of them). You'll have to collect cubes. Some of them are yellow (normal cubes) and some of them are blue/purple (Anticubes). Yellow cubes are easy to get, while Anticubes are harder and often require you to decode stuff. Note: EVERY puzzle is possible to do without having you to look it up in the internet. Is the puzzle too hard? Well, no problem. Just look it up. But do not blame the game for being ""impossible"" without trying, because it isn't. An advice from my side: At least try to do a puzzle by yourself. If you can't do it, don't look up the answer to the problem, but look up a hint. Because solving a puzzle by your own is incredibly rewarding. Seriously. (9.5/10)Story:Very simple, but good enough. It's a puzzle platformer. Nobody would blame Mario or Super Meat Boy for having a ""bad storyline"", because the story isn't the game's focus. In case you're interested, here's a quick sumup. Everything I'm going to write here is pretty much being told you in the first few minutes of the game. But I marked it as Spoiler anyways:You're Gomez, a white.... thing? The game starts in 2D, without the 3D-mechanic. It's a normal day in your village. An elder tells you to come to the roof of the village, so you go there. A big cube appears, and explodes in many many pieces. You're given a fez, which gives Gomez the ability to do the 3D-mechanic. A little Hypercube, named DOT, helps you searching for the little cube pieces. Note: There are two different endings, depending on how many cubes you got.No score for the story, as it's not really important.Graphics:Beautiful pixel art textures, nice 3D-effects (they look simpler than they actually are!), no complains. But it's very opinion based, so no score here again.Secret's and stuff:There are some secrets. Most of them are part of the game (you'll almost always get an anticube for solving them), but there are also 3 red hearts you can find. Those are NOT necessary for completing the game. I don't think there's even an achievement for finding them or if the add to the completion percentage. But they're pretty fun to find. (9.5/10)Bonus:This is a platformer with puzzles making excellent use of the gameplay mechanic. It's 2D and 3D. I don't think you've ever seen something like this. This is as innovative as a platformer can get. And you should definitely give it a try. So, plus 0.5 points for being awesome.OVERALL SCORE: [/b]~8.9 + 0.5 Bonus =~9.4Oh, by the way: I encountered not a single crash during my 14 hours of playtime. And I'm sorry if my Engish isn't 100% correct, I'm not from an English speaking country ;)"
76561198029061647,Recommended,224760,13510768,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Third Strongest Bunny,Stared at something for 3 hours until I suddenly remembered a pangram from my childhood.9/10
,Not Recommended,224760,8778760,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,qqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqqq,Pretty but empty. A diet coke game.
76561198046034300,Not Recommended,224760,8156056,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,yao,Jogo bosta
76561197998825270,Not Recommended,224760,8836281,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,The Dorf,"I was so excited to play this game. I preordered it on Steam and played it for hours the day it came out. FEZ is an indie platformer with puzzle solving elements, a retro feel and an emphasis on art style and music. All stuff that I love. But after about the first hour or two, this game’s charm wore off pretty quickly for me. After completing one “world”, FEZ redirects you to kind of a “hub world” where you can explore new pathways that link to other worlds. The problem is after I explored enough pathways, I had to tread back through worlds I’d already been through in order to try to find new pathways. Which is really not that much fun; to repeat sections of a level you’ve already done two or three times already.FEZ’s main puzzle solving mechanic is based on the fact that you’re viewing your character in a 2d plane, but you can rotate the camera 90 degrees around your character to reveal that the world actually exists in 3d space. This mechanic had been done before in Super Paper Mario for the Wii, a game I found to be equally disappointing, but I digress. After solving a handful of FEZ’s perspective puzzles, the novelty wore off and all of the puzzles felt same-y. I found it to be just a matter of rotating the camera around and around until I saw a platform or whatever it was that let me get where I was trying to go.I admit that I didn’t finish this game, and I hear there’s some cool stuff it does near the end. I’d like to try to go back and finish it, but it seems more like work than fun to me.For more game reviews, check outhttp://whatisjamesplaying.blogspot.com/"
76561198071109003,Not Recommended,224760,7880306,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,yapcharlie,can't play the game on my pc with HD3000.. looks like an awesome game. too bad. :(
,Not Recommended,224760,8793446,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Craig,i got bored pretty fast
,Not Recommended,224760,9026999,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,[Mar] Pengwndude,"I was disappointed. I wanted to like this game so much more but I couldn't.FIRST, it is a beautiful game. It's well crafted.But, there is little direction to the game. I find myself wondering what on earth I'm doing. What on earth I'm trying to accomplish. The world is MASSIVELY EXPANSIVE which is great, but it's near impossible to navigate. Teleporting is confusing and limited Secrets are vague and next to unsolvable.It's a wonderful exploration game, but I can't help but get frustrated at how lost I get and how vague it is.If Phil Fish cut content in half and released the game on time I think it would have been better.Overall, not bad, but overrated and way overhyped."
,Recommended,224760,13061207,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Aethelia,"Such a terrible missed opportunity that this game is not on 3DS, or Wii U, thanks to stupid executive meddling by the producer. Oh well. Buy when on sale for $5 or less. It's a neat gimmick, even if the puzzles are lame, the camera bending platforming parts make it worthwhile, even if it's still a little too easy. Would have liked to see what kind of creative enemies such a unique game could have had though, another missed opportunity."
,Recommended,224760,9263033,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,Tape Dye Man Mid: Nibiru Failed,this is the best game you will ever play my friend ben told me about how good it was so i went to walmart and bought it for 59:99 and i relaized its on steam for 10 but i dont even care cus its soo good mayn
76561198080672462,Recommended,224760,6960150,"Posted: 15 May, 2013",all,GvnMMsashi,Amazing game try it out
,Recommended,224760,11732840,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,Rukind,"I really don't think this needs another review.graphics are amazing, very calming, non-stressor game.The game is a masterpiece and will be as memorable to me as arcade classics like miss pacmanoverall score 100/100worth $1000 or less so you might as well just buy it."
76561198025914906,Recommended,224760,11717608,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,m.schellingerhout,"Fantastic game, you wont regret buying it, promise!"
76561198133705545,Recommended,224760,11713153,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,talkchat12 (2E0POI),This is  a very cool but challenging game. It is quite old school which is one of the things that I love about it. I also love challenging puzzles games and this is certainly that!!!!
,Recommended,224760,11716440,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,BEASTLYPOTATO14,"Mein got, this game is great. If u suck at math or are not good at puzzles, stay away from this game. But if not, buy it. Who cares about Phil Fish? It's like not buying a cup because the person who made it was mean/jerky. It's still a great cup."
,Recommended,224760,4512090,"Posted: 25 August, 2013",all,Crayzee,If you're still looking for the best platforming game this generation then you should've stopped long ago because it doesn't get any better than this. Excellent music and plenty of different levels to tackle. Xbox 360 controller highly recommended.
,Recommended,224760,26045620,"Posted: 15 October, 2016",all,bunnyfreakz,"This is how you've stain a masterpiece by being immature person.An amazing platform game , really solid performance, the concept just brilliant, graphic is charming but sadly. We never more of it amd FEZ2 cancelled because phil fish, the creator being immature and screwed everything.I reccomended this game but just get it on sale, phil fish already stole people money. There is no reason to give him more money even further"
,Recommended,224760,10921358,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,RageMel0n_1726,10/10
,Recommended,224760,11253584,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,BananaMama,Surprisingly nostalgic of other games when I started playing this. The game design is well thought out and very unique. Ten outta tenn!
,Recommended,224760,9661584,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Doctor Noll,Amazing game like Mario snd sanic had a babby and gave it a fez.
,Not Recommended,224760,8101763,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,AntiSol,"It's been a long time since I've played such a terrible game. Black And White had some less-than-admirable quirks, but at least it kinda worked. Fez is far simlper and yet implemented much more poorly.Sure, it might be kind of pretty and it might introduce a novel game mechanic, but when a game with a level of technical sophistication on par with Doom won't run smoothly on my dual-core 3ghz machine with an nvidia card and 8GBs RAM on a 64 bit platform - the same machine that runs the likes of Duke Forever. GTA4. Saints Row 3, Metro: Last Light, and Serious Sam 3, you know there's some serious ♥♥♥♥ing incompetence going on right there.I should have known - in Indie Game: The movie, Phil Fish introduces an immediate, game-breaking bug the night before going to an expo. When I saw that, I knew he was a ♥♥♥♥up - there's no explanation for that apart from incompetence.Then I heard that he was giving up on his next game and bowing out of the gaming industry because he's apparently got all the resilience of a 10-year-old girl and can't handle when someone says something nasty on twitter. Boo Hoo.But Fez came on Sale, and I'm all about buying things for Linux, so I bought it. And it ran like dog♥♥♥♥♥♥immediately.I emailled support - no response in over 2 weeks.If you're thinking of buying Fez, do yourself a favour and punch yourself in the crotch - you'll get the same level of pleasure, but it's not as prolonged as buying fez and then getting a refund...."
,Not Recommended,224760,8585478,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,steejee,Meh.
,Not Recommended,224760,8161995,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Gekko,"One man. Two dimensions. Or so thought Gomez though before he found the magical fez that allowed him to move into the third dimension. Full of puzzles that you don't know if you have the ability to solves until later or not. Can get infuriating. WOuld reccomend if you want a pretty game with nice music and a good atmosphere, but puzzles that give no inclination as to when they can be solved. Made by Phil Fish. Also, Fez 2 is canceled because the Internet called out Mr. Fish for his ossensive antics. That'll teach us, Phil."
,Not Recommended,224760,8361682,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,TheCtrlAltLlama,"This game is has an interesting but gimmicky core mechanic, that could have been utilized much better. I tried to give it a chance, but gave up after the first couple of hours. Apart from having a nice art style and some cool and fitting music, it's lackluster. The puzzles are tedious and unrewarding, the story is pretty lame as far as I got. It's just boring; the controls are floaty, and the dev is a complete asshat for saying that PCs are not for gaming. Also, you can see that this is a crappy PC port: the default resolution is 720p but can be changed, BUT (and this is a big but) YOU GET A LETTERBOXED 720p GAME SURROUNDED BY BLACK. WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ DEVS? These guys are so lazy and quick to make more money on a PC port that they basically locked the game to run at a filthy peasant-like 720p.Do not buy this game. I have no clue how this mediocre, half finished money-grab port gets a 91/100 on Metacritic. I would give it a 30/100 max."
,Not Recommended,224760,8370515,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,don Django,♥♥♥♥ing thing sucks!
76561198050213883,Not Recommended,224760,8378820,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,jaded318,"Good game, but needs patching to finish, atleast on my end."
,Not Recommended,224760,8400906,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,canada_dry,Great graphics. Dull gameplay.
76561197979449759,Not Recommended,224760,8568713,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Felp - Ressakinha,This ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game does not work on my PC.
76561198027151313,Not Recommended,224760,8682486,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,The Red Zaku,"FEZ is a game that you either love or hate. Whether you like the gimmick or not determines if you love/hate it because the gimmick makes the game. The gimmick is that you are a 2d person interacting with a 3d enviroment from a 2d perspective. The main character can change which part of the 3d enviroment he can interact with by rotating it 90 degrees to create a new enviroment. Each enviroment is consistant with the other 3 enviroments and most puzzles revolve around changing the perspective to get to different parts of the stage. I personally did not like the gimmick or the level design and did not enjoy the game. Also of note, due to the success of this game, its creator Phil Fish became the face of indy gaming and subsequently embarrassed the entire genre and industry with his immature behavior. For me this is  enough to not buy or recommend this game at all."
,Recommended,224760,32900943,Posted: 27 June,all,💐Jess Sersosa💐,Wait so like the creator is a fish? and he hates stuff? doesnt seem like a nice kind of man...
76561198095867137,Recommended,224760,32669824,Posted: 23 June,all,CDO,epic
,Recommended,224760,19095591,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Olaffff,"When thinking about Fez the first words that come to mind are pretty, atmospheric and niche, i'll explain why and what you'll find in this game.GameplayFez is a very simplistic game. its oriented on casual play meaning its fairly easy, it has a simple concept and fairly easy platforming, besides that there are also puzzles to spice things up, these vary from a range of easy to cryptic, the reason this is entretaining is because its an open world game, essentially all you do is collect cubes and explore a big, mostly barren world, this may lead into backtracking...this may either sound good or bad for you, in my case i can enjoy doing this, however this can in some cases be tedious and or boring. aside from that the game also implements a very fun mechanic that allows you to turn around the world around you, imagine it like this, what if 2-D platformers were 3-D? the result would be an isometric overworld composed only of cubes that form all of the structures you platform around, essentially what this means is that you can see a 3 dimensional polygon and turn it around to your heart's content, ultimately this allows the game to cramp up more things into single areas, it makes the game feel less linear than just walking from left to right untill you reach your destination, this is also important due to how well the developers implemented this mechanic into puzzle solving, it leads to some pretty sweet eureka moments.Soundthe sound design is what you'd expect from an indie platform game like this, an emulation of the styles of the 8 to 32-bit era of gaming, typically this is charming to almost everyone, however the soundtrack does have a distinctive sound, ocationally it can be hard to difference the synth sounds from real instruments in the tracks, and the sound itself tends to be, either relaxing or grim, the compostitions can be way too simple but they set the mood for the areas you explore just fine.Graphicsthe pixelart is incredible, the pallet tends to use tons of bright colors and it always looks nice, there's tons of detail to the animation and lighting effects, the atmosphere is very relaxing so it blends well with the soundtrack, the envoirmental design is really good as well, its really mysterious and therefore interesting, it leaves you wondering about what exactly you are seeing, if it has anything to do with the adventure you're having (this is not a story driven game if you are wondering) or if you'll have to do something in ""X"" place later, its all about intrigue, pretty colors and relaxing scenery, in fact i found it really hard to leave the first area of the game just because of how pretty it was, lastly the envoirmental design is enhanced even more thanks to the world spining mechanic, it uses it cleverly for building the world you explore, filling it with all sorts of nooks and cranies and whatnot.Final Veredicti'd like to recommend this game to anyone who's looking for something easy to pick up and play, for anyone who enjoys open worlds and or want to feel wanderlust."
76561198117506043,Recommended,224760,12196412,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,gianttabby,"Fez's appeal comes not from the rotating 2D/3D gimmick, but from the calm atmosphere and the challenging puzzles. Some people don't realize this, but the most hardcore puzzles require you to decode the fictional, cubic alphabet, make your own cubes in real life to look at, translate morse code, etc. Even if the puzzles fly over your head, it's still a relaxing platformer."
,Recommended,224760,6048658,"Posted: 1 May, 2013",all,hsmoke,"If you are staying clear of FEZ becasue of Phil Fish, you are a moron.Fez, is wonderful. One of the very few indie games to capture my heart 10 times over. Its been over a year since we first saw this little gem hit the XBLA, and a PC release has been demanded since then. And guess what? We got it. And it has never looked so beautiful.Superb graphical design, enough chip-tune to make you wish you were back in the good ol' days, and gameplay mechanics so easy, anyone can play.8/10. Get Fez. Because fezzes are cool..."
,Recommended,224760,13488302,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Tity Boi,This Game Has A Unique Genre I Would Recommend This For Sure Even If You Are A Indies Hater You will Admit That This Is One Good Indie. I Would Put It A 9/10
,Recommended,224760,32921917,Posted: 28 June,all,✪NøØne,This game is amzing
,Recommended,224760,20493427,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,Glowlog [Road to G.E],"Unique, newbie friendly, calming and paced.The dev. needs to learn some manners though."
,Recommended,224760,19278631,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Juicestain,hi all is good game low cost but not have menu no have exit no options is good game
76561198051754985,Recommended,224760,31190205,Posted: 16 April,all,Anything,!nuf sti
,Recommended,224760,10464710,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,DoubleOC,Great game! love the graphics and puzzles! highly suggested. Still waiting to find a DW reference
76561197995379773,Recommended,224760,19686632,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,manicxs,In my opinion this game breaks the 4th wall too much other than that though a great game.
,Recommended,224760,11940400,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,FockinUppity,fill phish
,Recommended,224760,23179136,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,YRMYJASKA,Good
76561198161550729,Recommended,224760,23292715,"Posted: 30 May, 2016",all,車CAR車,amazing
,Recommended,224760,18208132,"Posted: 26 September, 2015",all,VibronicTea,"A true puzzle game, unlike what most claim to be while only being challenging to a 5 year old."
76561198297324561,Not Recommended,224760,25831659,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Mucho Autismo,"It is super bugged, there is a constant screen tearing at the bottom of the screen, it is painful to look at, hopefully it goes away. The controls are so stupid too, I can't stand them. I fixed the graphical glitches by tweaking some of the in game settings, but the controls just aren't manipulatable like they should be. I am most likely going to try and refund."
76561198251281368,Not Recommended,224760,30199026,Posted: 26 February,all,Parsimonious meatball,This game was not very good at all. i had tremendous save problems and the game is really short. DO NOT waste your ten dollars on this game. It is not worth it at all.
,Recommended,224760,634770,"Posted: 27 July, 2013",all,Zangler,A platformer god!
,Recommended,224760,25084078,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,ThunderousThighs,This game finally started working for me without huge graphic glitches after the last major update. I've been waiting too long to play this game.
76561198148229634,Recommended,224760,24741460,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Corbyn,"Yeah, it's good"
76561198152193127,Recommended,224760,19150962,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Drachmor,You've gotta give the ornery ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ some credit
,Recommended,224760,10442025,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,mainGirl,I've had a lil' bit too much fun playing this game. hehehe
,Recommended,224760,33824320,Posted: 26 July,all,Dave,"one of the few games i've 100% completed and i wish i could forget it all and play it all again, knowing in advanced what to do just ruins it for replays.10/10 puzzle game."
,Recommended,224760,33805731,Posted: 26 July,all,kgptzac,"Oh wow.  I finally finished Fez.  Fully finished achievements mind you, and I generally don’t like platformer games like this.Nothing need to be said about the aesthetics about this game… look at the screenshots and videos should suffice: either you like this style or don’t.  I love the style, but my experience from other platformer games held me off because I thought the game would be mechanically too hard for a butter fingers like myself.  I’m glad that it wasn’t the case.The core gimmick of Fez is “flattening” a 3D world into a 2D view, because you know, platformers are generally 2D.  I think the approach is fresh, interesting, and well executed.  Coupled with the “fly cheat” from New Game + to bypass some of the more frustrating parts, and with the awesome soundtrack, this game simply is… good.But it isn’t perfect.  A number of puzzles are very unfair.  For one, a puzzle that requires the player to mess with their system clock.  Then there’s another map that’s super dark with visual range extremely limited to the character, and have to jump around… the worse one is a map that’s visually assaulting the player, which definitely warrants a eclipsy warning and made me just want to turn off the game due to incredible eye strains…So I definitely recommend playing Fez with a good and comprehensive walkthrough and try to collect everything.  Don’t worry though, you, like me, can use your imagination to piece together a lore of the world which Gomez, the protagonist, adventures, and need not to be frustrated with just cannot find the last secret on a map.Unfortunately, there won’t be a sequel to Fez, which had some drama coming from the game’s creator.  I wish a successor would come with polished details that really irked me in this game… but I digress.  Fez as of its final form, is a delicious cake, but have few little rockly pieces embedded, that will make you remember both the good and the bad for ages to come."
76561198077884926,Not Recommended,224760,7868674,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Somewhat Abandoned,I dislike this game so much mainly because of lag and how there is no quality setting to reduce the lag.So if you have a slow laptop/desktop this is a complete waste of money.
,Not Recommended,224760,8106417,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,grouperfish,"Mediocre game, it's not bad but not worth buying."
,Not Recommended,224760,9601892,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,mike,"ever since john depp was born he stared in such good things like dead redemption blue, which was a stupid sitcom but nobut john depp really filled the roll as fez boy's small uncimcumsized♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ it really caught my heart at the point in which john depp said ""wow ur gay"" and fez boy sayed: shrek is cominthen they felt the onions and the screen went blackat that point in the story i really felt the emotions for shrek and about how his stupid ♥♥♥♥♥ of a wife ate shrek's left nipple ring and he really cried about it but she didn't care because she sucksdid i mention the lense flairsin the grhapics options you have to turn on lens flare because it REALLY captures john depp's emotions as he goes through stages of greif, greif, and gravel. spoiler alert but the gravel part isnt real its actually shrek0/10 ♥♥♥♥ing gay shrek wasn't a main character"
,Not Recommended,224760,16316415,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Djeighke,It's♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,224760,14684369,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Bad Neighbor,I was bored very quickly.  I bought the game because of the reviews but before talking to people who actually played it.  Oops.
,Recommended,224760,7394054,"Posted: 15 October, 2013",all,Kuiper,"One of the things I love most about games is the feeling of discovery, the ""I get it moment"" where your understanding of a situation perfectly coincides with the game's expectations.  It's fulfilling, it's rewarding, and it's all kinds of euphoric.I feel like Fez is a game that is all about that feeling of discovery.  Never before have I played a game so dense with ""aha!"" moments, those moments of reveal and discovery where things unfurl before your eyes in a way that is surprising the instant it happens, but upon further reflection it happened in a truly inevitable way.  For the first few hours of my experience with Fez, there was not a moment when I didn't feel like I was having fun.Eventually, the amount of content in this game eclipsed my own desire to explore it; I hit a brick wall and the thrill of discovery ended.  But when it lasted, it was really something to behold.  Maybe I'll go back to Fez some day.  Until then, it remains on a pedestal in my mind as one of the most enjoyable interactive experiences I've had the pleasure of exploring."
,Not Recommended,224760,8289966,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,M I N X 9.5mb/s,This game reminds of when i was 4 when i licked peanut from between my feet and then went to eat a lunchable not the crackers just the kit kats
76561198030864926,Not Recommended,224760,9206656,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,uty,worst and stupid
,Not Recommended,224760,9377834,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Liquid Squid,"It is boring, ♥♥♥♥ phil fish"
,Recommended,224760,7342657,"Posted: 8 October, 2013",all,brathorst,Beautiful Platformer! In my personal TOP 10!!
76561198080380077,Not Recommended,224760,24484426,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,mrbibs350,"Fez is an excellent platormer with tight controls and a novel, fun game mechanic.But I can't recommend it.Phil Fish has successfully created a game that I'm not intelligent enough to solve. That's... I mean good for him, but how am I supposed to enjoy that?For example: Throughout the game there are hieroglyphics/symbols in an unknown language. Completing the game requires you to solve this language.How do you solve this language? Among the dozens of worlds there is a rock with the entire alphabet written on it. Next to the rock is a Bright red fox jumping over a lazy brown dog.Apparently, in grade school they used to make you memorize ""The bright red fox jumps over the lazy brown dog"" because it contains every letter of the alphabet.But I wasn't taught that. So how did I solve the puzzle?I didn't. I googled it. And even now that I've goodled the answer, I can't read the language. So I just googled a tranlator.Is that the degree of depth that you want? A secret language that you have to translate by nowing an obscure phrase that some childern used to learn in grade school in America a few decades ago?Let me compare this to Portal for a second. Another puzzle solver/platformer.In Portal, I never once felt like I couldn't get to the end goal. When I couldn't see a solution I ALWAYS thought to myself ""just stare at it for a while, it will click"". And it always did.Fez isn't like that. It isn't designed for everyone to be able to solve on their own. So I can't reccomend it."
,Recommended,224760,10531937,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Cigarettes,"I bought this game after watching the indie documentary with Phil fish (games developer) in it. God damn, this game is one of the most brilliant and wonderful games I've ever had the pleasure of playing. Buy it and play it, open your mind and be enlightened to the third dimension."
76561198099455463,Recommended,224760,19970141,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Yum vihpatis,"Really good game, nice art style and good soundtrack, unfortunately it's almost too realistic when played on a GTX 980, and it degrades the experience somewhat."
,Recommended,224760,744679,"Posted: 19 June, 2013",all,Major Dick Bong,My brain hurts.
76561197970705636,Recommended,224760,14926871,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Lesbillionaire puff-mommy,Illuminati -the game
,Not Recommended,224760,13095092,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,SickFlipsWithTheKrip,GETS BORING FAST
76561198104976861,Not Recommended,224760,9390398,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,General McQuack,Boring and dull.
76561197985488605,Not Recommended,224760,17884756,"Posted: 4 September, 2015",all,ElQuebecois,look on youtube for AlphaOmegaSin's rent about Phil Fish. Do i need to say more?
76561198098113860,Recommended,224760,11991376,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,"Bill ""Flippity Flop"" Cosby","Fez. Hate to say it, but after the happy the no more. There no have to be a joke! All aside is bad, but who knows... the joke have to get the sad after breakfast? 8/10 would recommend to a friend."
,Not Recommended,224760,8815365,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,D0ugyT,"Fez's are cool. This does not makeFezcool, however.Fezis a platform adventure game, the main puzzle-solving mechanic being that you can rotate your perspective along the x-axis. The world may appear to be 2D to the characters, however your avatar discovers that the world is in fact 3D, like a cube. You then go on a quest to recover a series of golden cubes that make up a larger, magical cube, that shattered somehow when you first encountered it and holds the fabric of reality together. Or something.The main mechanic of the game is interesting and innovative, andFezdoes experiment and evolve it further as the game progresses, however the game fails to capture an audience. The story is lacklustre, and the characters are all blank slates devoid of anything that could make them unique (they're even coloured white, just to reinforce this). The game lacks any sort of personality; there aren't even any NPC's in the world beyond the starting area, save this raindow-coloured cube that acts as the game's hint system and exposition device (and lacks any sort of personality either). Not even in the player's avatar could you find any personality - the only thing that sets it apart is this magical fez that somehow grants him the power to turn in the 3rd dimension. There aren't even any monsters to battle; the closest the game appears to come to introducing any sort of opposition is through these ""black holes"", which are simply static ""touch them and you die"" pieces of the background.After watching the documentaryIndie Game: the Movie, which tells the story ofFez's creator, I was very excited to play this game. However, I was not expecting to be given a demo of a mechanic, which is basically what this game is. Even failure, resulting in death, is handled poorly - you simply respawn at the location that you jumped from, as if the game is apologising for being too difficult for you. The ability to rotate along the x-axis is this game's only saving grace, as there is room for someone else to take it and utilize it more effectively. It's just that the rest of the game was only built to highlight it, not to support it and keep people interested."
76561198051166142,Not Recommended,224760,10634089,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Feetuska,+ The creator dislikes Japanese games+ The creator of the game looks handsome+ Fine graphics+ Original idea- A lot of glitches- Gets boring really really fast- Very slow based- Took so many years to make and we get a game like this- Some of the glitches are game braking and you have to restart the whole game
,Not Recommended,224760,21878799,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Unpuremagic,If you want to waste money on a useless game here is the game for you!!!!!!!!!!!
76561198013274120,Not Recommended,224760,19274745,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,redherring,Probably the most hyped and overrated game in the history of gaming. Seriously boring........oh wait I just found a key. Still freakin boring even though I now have a jinle jangle in my pocket to look for more cubes.
,Recommended,224760,2724163,"Posted: 4 May, 2013",all,Kotei,"For sure, it's the best indie game i've ever played. I'll recommend it to everyone.All my <3 for Phil Fish, he deserves my monies."
,Recommended,224760,12606012,"Posted: 23 October, 2014",all,TPI | Ketobbey,"What! No Review after I got 100% What am I going!FEZ!One of the best games ever!! EVER!Get it, play it! And have your mind never look at games the same way again.I WISH THE DEV WOULD DO FEZ2!....I CAN DREAM...NO I AM NOT YELling.... Oh!I am excited!Enjoy FEX 10/10 for this style of game!"
76561198043032732,Not Recommended,224760,28880652,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,H|X,"This game is a few mechanics short of engaging. It's vast and sprawling and easy to get (geographically) lost in.I waited a long old while for this to hit PC and when it did I racked up a few hours, yawned, then turned it off.It's cute, has something to say but it didn't work for me."
,Not Recommended,224760,15612190,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Never Nude,didn't hold my interest.
,Not Recommended,224760,29117054,Posted: 8 January,all,AstroWolf,Game looses its appeal and gets pretty repetitive after an hour or so.
76561198093434361,Not Recommended,224760,22831163,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,Hackintosh+,"This game is way too hard, the puzzles get extremely complex and I don't know how anyone could just think them out."
,Not Recommended,224760,10387156,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Thimble,"Wow, it's ♥♥♥♥ing nothing! Game get's boring after the first few hours."
76561197995845702,Not Recommended,224760,31178175,Posted: 16 April,all,nir_h84,"Played the game for 30 minutes, the 2D-3D is a nice idea, but the gameplay, graphic and sounds were not enough to keep me playing."
76561198038772445,Not Recommended,224760,10877984,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Clam,"It is really boring, I can see why other people would like it but I dont, btw Phil Fish is a♥♥♥♥♥♥licker."
,Recommended,224760,20802966,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,YakuzaLord,"-Most of the gameplay consist of different puzzles, collecting items and exploring.-Short gameplay but really interesting idea when it comes to immersion.-The map is a bit confusing and travelling from area to area can be tedious when you are just starting and learning the way    the game mechanics work.-Was the odd glitch here and there but I tought that the story was pretty interesting.-Once you beat the game you can continue on as a New Game+ Mode with new things and puzzles to solve.Definitly worth the $2.19 sale price I got if for."
,Recommended,224760,7960023,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,mr grips,"I'm normally a first person shooter type of person, that likes to take out their anger by killing pretend people type of person. I'm not that in to puzzle games, however fez is the best puzzle game I've ever played. I would wait for it to be under 5 bucks however, because it goes by fast."
,Recommended,224760,10325159,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Fish-E,Yes
,Not Recommended,224760,19939652,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,heroK,cl_crosshairstyle 4; cl_crosshaircolor 9; cl_crosshaircolor_r 250; cl_crosshaircolor_g 50; cl_crosshaircolor_b 255; cl_enablecrosshairalpha 1; cl_crosshairalpha 255; cl_crosshairdot 1; cl_crosshairsize -30; cl_crosshairthickness 1.50; cl_crosshairgape -1; cl_crosshair_drawoutline 0cl_crosshairstyle 4; cl_crosshaircolor 9; cl_crosshaircolor_r 250; cl_crosshaircolor_g 50; cl_crosshaircolor_b 255; cl_enablecrosshairalpha 1; cl_crosshairalpha 255; cl_crosshairdot 1; cl_crosshairsize -30; cl_crosshairthickness 1.50; cl_crosshairgape -1; cl_crosshair_drawoutline 0cl_crosshairstyle 4; cl_crosshaircolor 9; cl_crosshaircolor_r 250; cl_crosshaircolor_g 50; cl_crosshaircolor_b 255; cl_enablecrosshairalpha 1; cl_crosshairalpha 255; cl_crosshairdot 1; cl_crosshairsize -30; cl_crosshairthickness 1.50; cl_crosshairgape -1; cl_crosshair_drawoutline 0cl_crosshairstyle 4; cl_crosshaircolor 9; cl_crosshaircolor_r 250; cl_crosshaircolor_g 50; cl_crosshaircolor_b 255; cl_enablecrosshairalpha 1; cl_crosshairalpha 255; cl_crosshairdot 1; cl_crosshairsize -30; cl_crosshairthickness 1.50; cl_crosshairgape -1; cl_crosshair_drawoutline 0cl_crosshairstyle 4; cl_crosshaircolor 9; cl_crosshaircolor_r 250; cl_crosshaircolor_g 50; cl_crosshaircolor_b 255; cl_enablecrosshairalpha 1; cl_crosshairalpha 255; cl_crosshairdot 1; cl_crosshairsize -30; cl_crosshairthickness 1.50; cl_crosshairgape -1; cl_crosshair_drawoutline 0cl_crosshairstyle 4; cl_crosshaircolor 9; cl_crosshaircolor_r 250; cl_crosshaircolor_g 50; cl_crosshaircolor_b 255; cl_enablecrosshairalpha 1; cl_crosshairalpha 255; cl_crosshairdot 1; cl_crosshairsize -30; cl_crosshairthickness 1.50; cl_crosshairgape -1; cl_crosshair_drawoutline 0cl_crosshairstyle 4; cl_crosshaircolor 9; cl_crosshaircolor_r 250; cl_crosshaircolor_g 50; cl_crosshaircolor_b 255; cl_enablecrosshairalpha 1; cl_crosshairalpha 255; cl_crosshairdot 1; cl_crosshairsize -30; cl_crosshairthickness 1.50; cl_crosshairgape -1; cl_crosshair_drawoutline 0cl_crosshairstyle 4; cl_crosshaircolor 9; cl_crosshaircolor_r 250; cl_crosshaircolor_g 50; cl_crosshaircolor_b 255; cl_enablecrosshairalpha 1; cl_crosshairalpha 255; cl_crosshairdot 1; cl_crosshairsize -30; cl_crosshairthickness 1.50; cl_crosshairgape -1; cl_crosshair_drawoutline 0cl_crosshairstyle 4; cl_crosshaircolor 9; cl_crosshaircolor_r 250; cl_crosshaircolor_g 50; cl_crosshaircolor_b 255; cl_enablecrosshairalpha 1; cl_crosshairalpha 255; cl_crosshairdot 1; cl_crosshairsize -30; cl_crosshairthickness 1.50; cl_crosshairgape -1; cl_crosshair_drawoutline 0cl_crosshairstyle 4; cl_crosshaircolor 9; cl_crosshaircolor_r 250; cl_crosshaircolor_g 50; cl_crosshaircolor_b 255; cl_enablecrosshairalpha 1; cl_crosshairalpha 255; cl_crosshairdot 1; cl_crosshairsize -30; cl_crosshairthickness 1.50; cl_crosshairgape -1; cl_crosshair_drawoutline 0cl_crosshairstyle 4; cl_crosshaircolor 9; cl_crosshaircolor_r 250; cl_crosshaircolor_g 50; cl_crosshaircolor_b 255; cl_enablecrosshairalpha 1; cl_crosshairalpha 255; cl_crosshairdot 1; cl_crosshairsize -30; cl_crosshairthickness 1.50; cl_crosshairgape -1; cl_crosshair_drawoutline 0cl_crosshairstyle 4; cl_crosshaircolor 9; cl_crosshaircolor_r 250; cl_crosshaircolor_g 50; cl_crosshaircolor_b 255; cl_enablecrosshairalpha 1; cl_crosshairalpha 255; cl_crosshairdot 1; cl_crosshairsize -30; cl_crosshairthickness 1.50; cl_crosshairgape -1; cl_crosshair_drawoutline 0cl_crosshairstyle 4; cl_crosshaircolor 9; cl_crosshaircolor_r 250; cl_crosshaircolor_g 50; cl_crosshaircolor_b 255; cl_enablecrosshairalpha 1; cl_crosshairalpha 255; cl_crosshairdot 1; cl_crosshairsize -30; cl_crosshairthickness 1.50; cl_crosshairgape -1; cl_crosshair_drawoutline 0cl_crosshairstyle 4; cl_crosshaircolor 9; cl_crosshaircolor_r 250; cl_crosshaircolor_g 50; cl_crosshaircolor_b 255; cl_enablecrosshairalpha 1; cl_crosshairalpha 255; cl_crosshairdot 1; cl_crosshairsize -30; cl_crosshairthickness 1.50; cl_crosshairgape -1; cl_crosshair_drawoutline 0cl_crosshairstyle 4; cl_crosshaircolor 9; cl_crosshaircolor_r 250; cl_crosshaircolor_g 50; cl_crosshaircolor_b 255; cl_enablecrosshairalpha 1; cl_crosshairalpha 255; cl_crosshairdot 1; cl_crosshairsize -30; cl_crosshairthickness 1.50; cl_crosshairgape -1; cl_crosshair_drawoutline 0cl_crosshairstyle 4; cl_crosshaircolor 9; cl_crosshaircolor_r 250; cl_crosshaircolor_g 50; cl_crosshaircolor_b 255; cl_enablecrosshairalpha 1; cl_crosshairalpha 255; cl_crosshairdot 1; cl_crosshairsize -30; cl_crosshairthickness 1.50; cl_crosshairgape -1; cl_crosshair_drawoutline 0cl_crosshairstyle 4; cl_crosshaircolor 9; cl_crosshaircolor_r 250; cl_crosshaircolor_g 50; cl_crosshaircolor_b 255; cl_enablecrosshairalpha 1; cl_crosshairalpha 255; cl_crosshairdot 1; cl_crosshairsize -30; cl_crosshairthickness 1.50; cl_crosshairgape -1; cl_crosshair_drawoutline 0cl_crosshairstyle 4; cl_crosshaircolor 9; cl_crosshaircolor_r 250; cl_crosshaircolor_g 50; cl_crosshaircolor_b 255; cl_enablecrosshairalpha 1; cl_crosshairalpha 255; cl_crosshairdot 1; cl_crosshairsize -30; cl_crosshairthickness 1.50; cl_crosshairgape -1; cl_crosshair_drawoutline 0cl_crosshairstyle 4; cl_crosshaircolor 9; cl_crosshaircolor_r 250; cl_crosshaircolor_g 50; cl_crosshaircolor_b 255; cl_enablecrosshairalpha 1; cl_crosshairalpha 255; cl_crosshairdot 1; cl_crosshairsize -30; cl_crosshairthickness 1.50; cl_crosshairgape -1; cl_crosshair_drawoutline 0cl_crosshairstyle 4; cl_crosshaircolor 9; cl_crosshaircolor_r 250; cl_crosshaircolor_g 50; cl_crosshaircolor_b 255; cl_enablecrosshairalpha 1; cl_crosshairalpha 255; cl_crosshairdot 1; cl_crosshairsize -30; cl_crosshairthickness 1.50; cl_crosshairgape -1; cl_crosshair_drawoutline 0cl_crosshairstyle 4; cl_crosshaircolor 9; cl_crosshaircolor_r 250; cl_crosshaircolor_g 50; cl_crosshaircolor_b 255; cl_enablecrosshairalpha 1; cl_crosshairalpha 255; cl_crosshairdot 1; cl_crosshairsize -30; cl_crosshairthickness 1.50; cl_crosshairgape -1; cl_crosshair_drawoutline 0cl_crosshairstyle 4; cl_crosshaircolor 9; cl_crosshaircolor_r 250; cl_crosshaircolor_g 50; cl_crosshaircolor_b 255; cl_enablecrosshairalpha 1; cl_crosshairalpha 255; cl_crosshairdot 1; cl_crosshairsize -30; cl_crosshairthickness 1.50; cl_crosshairgape -1; cl_crosshair_drawoutline 0cl_crosshairstyle 4; cl_crosshaircolor 9; cl_crosshaircolor_r 250; cl_crosshaircolor_g 50; cl_crosshaircolor_b 255; cl_enablecrosshairalpha 1; cl_crosshairalpha 255; cl_crosshairdot 1; cl_crosshairsize -30; cl_crosshairthickness 1.50; cl_crosshairgape -1; cl_crosshair_drawoutline 0cl_crosshairstyle 4; cl_crosshaircolor 9; cl_crosshaircolor_r 250; cl_crosshaircolor_g 50; cl_crosshaircolor_b 255; cl_enablecrosshairalpha 1; cl_crosshairalpha 255; cl_crosshairdot 1; cl_crosshairsize -30; cl_crosshairthickness 1.50; cl_crosshairgape -1; cl_crosshair_drawoutline 0cl_crosshairstyle 4; cl_crosshaircolor 9; cl_crosshaircolor_r 250; cl_crosshaircolor_g 50; cl_crosshaircolor_b 255; cl_enablecrosshairalpha 1; cl_crosshairalpha 255; cl_crosshairdot 1; cl_crosshairsize -30; cl_crosshairthickness 1.50; cl_crosshairgape -1; cl_crosshair_drawoutline 0cl_crosshairstyle 4; cl_crosshaircolor 9; cl_crosshaircolor_r 250; cl_crosshaircolor_g 50; cl_crosshaircolor_b 255; cl_enablecrosshairalpha 1; cl_crosshairalpha 255; cl_crosshairdot 1; cl_crosshairsize -30; cl_crosshairthickness 1.50; cl_crosshairgape -1; cl_crosshair_drawoutline 0cl_crosshairstyle 4; cl_crosshaircolor 9; cl_crosshaircolor_r 250; cl_crosshaircolor_g 50; cl_crosshaircolor_b 255; cl_enablecrosshairalpha 1; cl_crosshairalpha 255; cl_crosshairdot 1; cl_crosshairsize -30; cl_crosshairthickness 1.50; cl_crosshairgape -1; cl_crosshair_drawoutline 0cl_crosshairstyle 4; cl_crosshaircolor 9; cl_crosshaircolor_r 250; cl_crosshaircolor_g 50; cl_crosshaircolor_b 255; cl_enablecrosshairalpha 1; cl_crosshairalpha 255; cl_crosshairdot 1; cl_crosshairsize -30; cl_crosshairthickness 1.50; cl_crosshairgape -1; cl_crosshair_drawoutline 0cl_crosshairstyle 4; cl_crosshaircolor 9; cl_crosshaircolor_r 250; cl_crosshaircolor_g 50; cl_crosshairc
76561198095992928,Not Recommended,224760,9250654,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Crymson Typhoon,"If you like 3D games then you might like this, but I found it confusing and somewhat boring."
76561198086913586,Recommended,224760,23104570,"Posted: 20 May, 2016",all,Hustle Hour,I now got my very own fez!
,Not Recommended,224760,23877805,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Cuckhead,"The game looks great, plays great and has an amazing idea behind the game, however, no direction what so ever...I recently installed the game again and played, it was fun but then I thought, well, what what the hell do I do now? I feel like I just wander around and sometimes find some cryptic puzzle or message, shrugg and move on."
,Recommended,224760,25278718,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,Artio,"i have a fez, im happy"
76561197993271413,Not Recommended,224760,12373302,"Posted: 5 October, 2014",all,東方ＨＩＪＡＣＫ,"The game really want's to be Cave Story, yet can't come close to it."
,Recommended,224760,34770118,Posted: 5 September,all,Dr. Pepper Delivery Guy,"The FitnessGram Pacer test is a multi test arobic capacity test that progressively gets more difficult as it continues.The twenty meter pacer test will begin in 30 seconds, line up at the start, the running speed starts slowly, but gets faster each minute you hear this signal: ♥♥♥♥ing normies, REEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE, a single lap should be completed each time your hear this sound: ""Allahu Akbar"", remember to run in a straight line, and run as long as possible. the second time you fail to complete a lap before the sound, your test is over. The test will begin on the word start, get ready: Start. One. Two. Three. Four. Five. Six. Seven. Eight. Nine. Ten. Eleven. Twelve. Thirteen. Fourteen. Fifteen. Two. Sixteen. Seventeen. Eighteen. Nineteen. Twenty. Twenty One. Twenty Two. Twenty Three. Twenty Four. Twenty Five. Twenty Six. Twenty Seven. Twenty Eight. Twenty Nine. Thirty. Thirty One. Thirty Two. Thirty Three. Thirty Four. Thirty Five. Four Thirty Six. Thirty Seven. Thirty Eight. Thirty Nine. Fourty. Fourty One. Fourty Two. Fourty Three. Fourty Four. Fourty Five. Fourty Six. Fourty Seven. Fourty Eight. Fourty Nine. Fifty. Fifty One. Fifty Two. Fifty Three. Fifty Four. Fifty Five. Fifty Six. Fifty Seven. Fifty Eight. Fifty Nine. Sixty. Sixty One. Sixty Two. Sixty Three. Sixty Four. Sixty Five. Sixty Six. Sixty Seven. Sixty Eight. Sixty Nine. Ninety. Ninety One. Ninety Two. Ninety Three. Ninety Four. Ninety Five. Ninety Six. Ninety Seven. Ninety Eight. Ninety Nine. One Hundred. One Hundred and One. One Hundred and Two. One Hundred and Three. One Hundred and Four. One Hundred and Five. One Hundred and Six. One Hundred and Seven. One Hundred and Eight.One Hundred and Nine. One Hundred and Ten. One Hundred and Eleven. One Hundred and Twelve. One Hundred and Thirteen. One Hundred and Fourteen. One Hundred and Fifteen. Two. One Hundred and Sixteen. One Hundred and Seventeen.One Hundred and Eighteen. One Hundred and Nineteen. One Hundred and Twenty.One Hundred and Twenty One. One Hundred and Twenty Two. One Hundred and Twenty Three. One Hundred and Twenty Four. One Hundred and Twenty Five. One Hundred and Twenty Six. One Hundred and Twenty Seven. One Hundred and Twenty Eight. One Hundred and Twenty Nine. One Hundred and Thirty. One Hundred and Thirty One. One Hundred and Thirty Two. One Hundred and Thirty Three. One Hundred and Thirty Four. One Hundred and Thirty Five. One Hundred and Thirty Six. One Hundred and Thirty Seven. One Hundred and Thirty Eight. One Hundred and Thirty Nine. One Hundred and Fourty. One Hundred and Fourty One. One Hundred and Fourty Two. One Hundred and Fourty Three. One Hundred and Fourty Four. One Hundred and Fourty Five. One Hundred and Fourty Six. One Hundred and Fourty Seven.One Hundred and Fourty Eight.One Hundred and Fourty Nine. One Hundred and Fifty."
76561198117550855,Not Recommended,224760,33613862,Posted: 17 July,all,cchang,"The game itself is fun and a nice collect-a-thon, but the game just crashes if you have an Intel graphics card or something. The developer gave up on doing anything game related and told everyone to♥♥♥♥♥♥off. Good luck trying to get the game to work now because I can't."
,Not Recommended,224760,33019646,Posted: 29 June,all,Lean Montaña,"lindo, pero algo confuso, ya nose donde avanzar..."
76561197985960570,Not Recommended,224760,34018631,Posted: 4 August,all,lro,"Find all the gold.Yes, the pixal art looks nice, but the gameplay isn't that good. At a certain point you need more gold in order to continue and then the ""fun"" starts. Where did I miss the needed gold? At that point you are searching the same levels again and again to get that missing piece or that missing door. The flow of the game is gone and frustation remains.The game doesn't support the player.To make it worse you need some serious walktrough in order to continue the game. You need some supposed knowlegde of the world / enviroment in order to solve puzzles. That is some serious flaw.VerdictI don't think it's worth the hype. There are some choices made wich might suit the seasoned gaming veteran but it's simply to demaning for the regular gamer. The game is almost sadistic for it's player. I don't like that. 5/10"
76561198000378204,Not Recommended,224760,7741278,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Kyp,"Non, FEZ n'est pas un puzzle-platform. C'est juste un jeu d'exploration (avec un petit peu de plateforme, d'accord). Si vous attendez de l'action, c'est mort. Si vous espérez avoir à réfléchir, c'est mort. Par contre, si vous espérez vous promener dans un gigantesque monde très pixellisé, en sautant une fois de temps en temps, alors oui, il y a moyen d'apprécier.A noter, le jeu requiert un smartphone (non livré avec, ben entendu). Vous n'en avez pas ? C'est mort.J'ai préféré Knytt. C'était plus beau et moins long (et gratuit).No, you've been lied to: FEZ isn't a puzzle-platform. It's just an exploration game (with a slight touch of platform, I admit it). If you want some action, forget it. If you expect to challenge your mind, forget it. But if you just want anice stroll in a gigantic and very pixelized world, jumping from times to times, then yes, you may find enjoyment.Important note: the game requieres a smartphone (not included). You don't have one ? Forget it.I prefered Knytt. It's prettier and less lengthy (and free)."
,Not Recommended,224760,17173938,"Posted: 22 July, 2015",all,last man standing,FU*K YOU NAPS!
,Recommended,224760,30050444,Posted: 19 February,all,Prince Wilfred,like and comment for free iphone 5
76561198297820662,Not Recommended,224760,24284516,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,FreshandCrispy,Keeps on crashing and losing all my saved data. I want a refund!
,Not Recommended,224760,9368087,"Posted: 6 March, 2014",all,「SUNBOAT」,600 dollar laptop and this game is slow as your mother on twenty five pounds of crack and tar being mixed in a coke bottle while six feet under
,Recommended,224760,11176481,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,59,"Not the most polished platformer, but easily one of the most interesting.Its a shame phil cancled the second, but its for his own good."
,Recommended,224760,22560277,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,Steven Johnson,"It's 2d, or is it?It is, but it isn't. How could it be both? It is, it is 23d. Too much d, D, DDDDDD! THE D IS TOO HARD!!! 8====D"
,Recommended,224760,25451136,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Paar'nahkrin,Recommended !
,Not Recommended,224760,7874596,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Snowy,Awful game and awful dev 2/10 do not buy
,Not Recommended,224760,18966692,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Natty,Welcome to my A S S
,Not Recommended,224760,25176031,"Posted: 26 August, 2016",all,Leftovers,Fun puzzle game for a while then realize its not worth $10 it feels more like a phone game thats worth maybe 0.99
76561198210981835,Not Recommended,224760,23151997,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,jackcage83,"A INSANE WASTE OF TIME!!!!!!!!!!!. It takes so much time to win and the endings SUCK. Phil Fish, thanks for the cheap endings. Thank god I didn't waste more time on this. I will say though, it's music & graphics are AMAZING and extremely worthy of all the praise they recieive but the endings suck so badly that the time spent getting there is ludecrous."
76561198010773264,Not Recommended,224760,30479835,Posted: 12 March,all,Jimson [SG],Not very good.
,Not Recommended,224760,9241545,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,The Iron Pig,"Its a game where you run around as a White male.This shows that Whites are more superiour than are Black native ♥♥♥♥♥s.This also shows Males are more dominate in all ways.This game is racist and offensive and I want it taken down.*this is a joke, I love all you African Americans.*My gaming score...Okay fine. Fez is one of those games where you just wonder around and do random♥♥♥♥♥♥until you actully complete somthing.Its one of those games.Thats all I gotMy gaming score: 6 FEZ hats/10Also I only rated this no since the game is ♥♥♥♥ing trippy as all hell."
76561198408614568,Not Recommended,224760,33956257,Posted: 1 August,all,vega1041,THE GAME IS CUTE. BUT  I THINK THAT IT GOT BROING AND I DID NOT UNDERSTAND IT.
,Not Recommended,224760,29657637,Posted: 2 February,all,archdeco,The indiest tropiest game to ever use indie tropes. You will not be rewarded for playing this game.
76561198085391841,Not Recommended,224760,19580634,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Grossout,Neat idea but I really dislike this kind of games.Who am I to write a bad review of this game when I don't even like the genre?Well let's say this review is about the whole genre. Thumbs down.
76561198049644314,Not Recommended,224760,28853149,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,chrisphoenix7,"I guess I'm the a**hole, but I didn't really enjoy the game that much.It looks fine, it sounds fine, it plays fine, it has a neat gimmick. I just didn't enjoy myself. It's been a while since playing, and I have zero desire to play it again. Even deleted it from my pc.But hey. You might like it."
,Not Recommended,224760,33801533,Posted: 25 July,all,Mr. Matt,"Retro-style graphics with a kinda-cute character wearing a little fez while you rotate the world so your character can get around easier. This is the puzzle gimmick, and I simply did not find it interesting or fun. Just thinking about this game makes me want to play Portal again because it has funny dialog and I prefer the gimmick better, even though I've beaten it more than once already. I had fun with Portal and didn't with Fez."
76561197973002163,Not Recommended,224760,23023250,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,Zedway,meh
76561198025398811,Not Recommended,224760,29181340,Posted: 11 January,all,River,I can see why people would like it but once you get over the cool idea you realize how sloppy the actual layout and execution of the game is. I'm not even mad fez 2 was canceled
76561198092230238,Not Recommended,224760,8477596,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Georgie,"I utterly hate this game. Its like the game designer people Designed it to give u a headache. Not just the 3d element that it has. Even the sounds of it are SO annoying. Take the very first level for example. theres this screeching noise throughout the whole thing. Im not a puzzle game kinda guy. But if u like that kinda thing, meh, go ahead. Personally i wouldnt recommend the game for £1 or 3 america moneys. I believe thats how it works."
,Recommended,224760,20797461,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Fax MekClood,Doctor ApprovedFez Is Too Cool
76561198186306790,Not Recommended,224760,28668504,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Ćikik,"It is a good game.I really enjoyed playing this game,everything is simple yet so complicated. But I give it a down rate,reason:Many of the puzzles you try to solve can't be solved just like that,with common sense or hints in the game.No,you have to search the internet,I really hate when you have to do that. I wish I knew it before my purchase..."
76561198031370925,Recommended,224760,8865927,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Curious Duck,"I can remember playing games on my N64 such as Zelda: Ocarina of Time. The game offered secrets in which can be unlocked either by exploring or completing a series of events. This is one of the major features I have grown to like in Fez. It gives you the main storyline to follow however you can choose your own path to do so. The game was released on the Xbox in 2012 and was ported to Windows, Linux and OS X in 2013.For some the game is rather tedious and monotonous resulting in a general dislike for the game. However I find the whole adventure in Fez to be a rather exciting and thrilling experience. Although the game features no enemies it isn’t aimed at a young audience due to the nature of some of the puzzles. There is always something to discover which will make you wonder what it does or what it is for.Fez was originally designed for the Xbox meaning it feels natural to play it with a controller even when you are playing on a computer. However the controls are just as easy to use on a keyboard if you prefer that. Although it may only seem like a 2D platformer game you gain the ability to rotate the world around you to access new or hidden areas in order to see more of the world. Whenever you enter a new area you are greeted with a 360 degree view around that area so you have a general view of the location. Some areas in the game you will not be able to access until later on, in which for some players can lead to frustration, but for others leads to more exploration.The main point of the game is to collect cubes and the fragments of cubes. The game has two sets of cubes in which can be collected to count towards the 32 cube ending. One of them is a normal yellow cubes in which are the basic type of cube a player can collect. These cubes are generally easy to reach and can be collected at an easy pace. The other type of cube is an anti-cube. These cubes are harder for the player to contain in which there is an anti-cube for every normal cube.It is clear that Fez uses an 8-bit artstyle however that does not detract from the overall detailed levels. As said earlier, when going to a new area this helps the player view just how much detail has gone into each element within the level. For me it is just the amount of tiny details that add a sense of involvement within the scene. However the graphics of Fez can have a different job in progressing the player through the game rather than just there to be looked at. Such as the Graveyard Zone will feature rain along with thunder an lightning to reveal otherwise hidden paths to areas you could not access before.One of the most pleasing aspects I find whilst playing Fez is the music and sound effects. It is nice to play through a level and have the music reflect the level you are on. Meaning that the music is adapted to each of the different levels. On top of this you get to hear all of the different sound effects such as running water, bomb explosions and more. It all adds up to creating a unique experience within that particular level in which will change when you visit a new area.When you collect 32 cubes or anti-cubes you will reach the ending of Fez. However there is more to that than meets the eye. The true ending of Fez ends with a total of 64 cubes after you unlock the new gamemode (New Game+) in which allows you to view the world from an entirely different perspective. This allows the player to go back to previous incomplete areas and check for more secrets and hidden areas.The overal length of the game is around 10-12 hours to complete everything. I replayed through the game after completing it to the full 209.4% in which allowed me to see different details to areas which I previously just ignored or walked past. It also allowed me to fully appreciate the amount of detail that goes into the level design. It’s a rather interesting adventure that you take Gomez through.If you are looking for a puzzle game with enemies, this isn’t it. However if you are a big fan of puzzle games this will keep you hooked and leave you wondering “What does this mean?” each time you visit a new area. The general gameplay is rather easy however a few of the anti-cubes are indeed tricky to get. This is a game that doesn’t hold you by the hand, but gives you the basic functions to let you explore and discover by yourself."
76561198356263093,Recommended,224760,30435808,Posted: 10 March,all,AnimatedLegends,HOW DO I GET A REFUND PLZZZZ TELL ME I LOVE THE GAME I JUST CANT PLAY IT ON MY PC
76561198200334109,Not Recommended,224760,23284029,"Posted: 29 May, 2016",all,OddSox,"I have to give it a good on the graphics and music, (GO RICH VREELAND) but, where is the GAMEPLAY? Where are the enemies? Am I just wandering around with a useless rainbow tessaract just displaying/telling the most obvious of things? Why does it not tell me how to solve puzzles? Why did phil fish end up being a big baby over the years of FEZ? WHO would create a puzzle involving REAL time and waiting for days, hell, I had to end up waiting for a WEEK for that clock to get all the anticubes? How do I work extremely hard/ Scratch that, there were no easy points to be found ANYWHERE (Given the fact that i was not able to die under harsh circumstances and lose lives from the following and I QUOTE: Violent animals, Antagonistic characters, Antagonistic entities, like the turrets, for example from PORTAL, which has a progressing plot) but i have no words for the fact on how hard it was to complete any puzzle/ Anywho, the puzzles were really, in my opinion, STUPID and pointless. The endings told me nothing of some sort of aftermath, especially if it's a drug trip in a computer game; even if I have took time off the days to beat this thing, it was just a run-around-and-look-around game to begin with; I tell you all; This is NOT a shoutout to old retro game(s), this is a pointless art-only game with a facade of pixels and pointless wandering. Another question-- How in SEVEN SHADES OF____ did this take five years to make?"
,Not Recommended,224760,29690314,Posted: 4 February,all,mrpatan,Confusing map
,Not Recommended,224760,25919739,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,DarkVexon,"Fez is a work of art. The superb way every puzzle forces you to calculate rotations perfectly, the many varied hats with hunderds of unique designs, everything comes together to make what is certainly the greatest indie game, rotation game, and self-abuse rehabilitation game of 2015.(that was a meme you dip)(actual review:  meh)"
,Not Recommended,224760,28510612,"Posted: 21 December, 2016",all,Pinko,"Interesting concept, but at its heart is just a collect-a-thon with no real story. 4/10"
76561198096202444,Not Recommended,224760,28083815,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Max0o3,It is just bad.
,Not Recommended,224760,34236376,Posted: 14 August,all,frostix,♥♥♥♥♥♥ developper
,Not Recommended,224760,22919425,"Posted: 11 May, 2016",all,alfonzie11,i hate this game. i cant complete it. when i finish the 32 cube part. it crashes f*** this game.
76561198121777831,Recommended,224760,28461336,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,☠Optic Spooks☠,Kill yourself :3
,Not Recommended,224760,10004859,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,Ben,I don't like Phil Fish.
76561198010335843,Not Recommended,224760,31334193,Posted: 23 April,all,Plebleb,"Boring and cryptic. There's this part with an owl statue or something and the game gives you no clue what to do. There's also a part with all these cubes with markings on them. Am I supposed to know what to do? Is there a pattern? Or do I have to come back later after finding some clues? There's no way to know unless you read up online, but at that point ♥♥♥♥♥ it. I don't feel like part of the experience if I'm just following some neckbeard's instructions when the game developers should make it obvious what's supposed to be going on.This could have been good if they kept it simple and made it fun to play. The platforming is fun and the perspective shift is cool but the rest is dogshit."
76561198004425340,Not Recommended,224760,26521836,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Rizzlient,"Far too easy platforming, and very repetitive.  All in all very unrewarding."
76561198009270346,Not Recommended,224760,25634976,"Posted: 22 September, 2016",all,3Dguy,"Game is a piece of sheep, like it´s creator. Puzzles that need to be photographed by a cell for you to undertand, that´s how bad it is."
76561198274243802,Not Recommended,224760,29473732,Posted: 24 January,all,LIAM2143,MY BROTHER PLAYS THIS GAME ALL THE TIME! ITS TRASH!
,Not Recommended,224760,31031536,Posted: 8 April,all,Space Dandy,Suck my♥♥♥♥♥♥Phil Fish
,Not Recommended,224760,28175574,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,sheriff eric harris,not only did this creator have an affair with zoey quinnbut this game is a one hit wonderhe says its too much preasurehe doesnt like the fanswhat a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥we all know its because its a one hit wonderhe cant produce anything goodhe just got luckythat aside lets review the gameits an original idea buts it ♥♥♥♥ing confusing and overrated and godawful
76561198307798486,Not Recommended,224760,30582133,Posted: 17 March,all,mrsevilla.,too hard
76561198113912177,Recommended,224760,30397066,Posted: 8 March,all,vegenia,"I once watched a documentary about this game, and i was curious to play it ever since. Now I have :)A cute little guy in a fez, wonderful music and some good old 8-bit-era puzzles. Inspired by tetris. Yay!"
,Recommended,224760,30387179,Posted: 8 March,all,Pointless,"Great game. A little short (Takes *about* 6hrs to play), but it's worth the price, that's for sure. Definitely recommend."
,Recommended,224760,10473522,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,iamninjoe,"From what I've seen so far, mind-blowing gameplay mechanics. Picture yourself in 2-D. Now, picture yourself in a 3-D world. Now, picture the creator of this game mashing these two facts together so hard that a black hole is made, sucking your body towards the computer and pulling your mind into the game. It can be that addictive of a puzzler."
,Recommended,224760,10476535,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,gambiller,"Greatest indie ever!!!!!Good platformingGreat puzzles that are tricky and not too repetitivelearning the language, numbers, and movement sequences and the unique way he uses feeling, sound, and visuals are greatGame felt fresh till the end+ conspiracies like the monolith, exploding heart reasoning, and pictures in the soundtrack make the game feel that much more excitingall around great game 9/10only bad thing is backtracking and puzzles that are impossible to find without brute-force methods or using the internet but u can definitely beat the game with only using the internet 1 or 2 times which is average for a puzzle game as smart as this game isWhile price is low grab it if u dont have it, a must buy, this game made me feel like playing games as a kid actually excited to play it again unlike most games now. Just get it D****t!"
,Recommended,224760,10476716,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Wankershim,its fun is way cooler than it looks andis addicting
76561197971312493,Recommended,224760,10476826,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,fuchs,very nice atmosphere! and somewhat philosophical :D
76561198135371186,Recommended,224760,10477157,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Usidore the Blue,I've only played it for an hour but thats more than enough time to know this game is great if you don't have it go get it right now!
,Recommended,224760,10467264,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Symian,I'ts a very interesting game. I loved ıt. It never ends !!!
,Recommended,224760,10467838,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Aunt Jamymah,This game is just great! It is difficult and fun. I recomend this for everyone.
,Recommended,224760,10469523,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Müüa,Verry interesting story and a good game!
76561198066408623,Recommended,224760,10470489,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Afvegaleiðir,"Very original idea and its really fun in a casual, relaxing way."
,Recommended,224760,10470981,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,The Juice Doctor,yes
,Recommended,224760,10472182,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,DAFLER,Gomez isn't Egyptian and he wears a FEZ.10/10
76561198060627049,Recommended,224760,10575667,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Dowager Countess,"This super cutesy-looking platformer is not as easy at it may seem, but it's super fun! So much cryptography. Never forget to try changing the perspective."
76561198064422714,Recommended,224760,10583344,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Fat Tits And Chocolate Milk,This drug is on games.10 Cubes out of 10
,Recommended,224760,10571377,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,CorkScrewDood,I am a starter on FEZ and i think its a good game to say the least. The game is pretty in all ways and the music fits the atmosphere. The character  Gomez is a (to be honest) cute little guy that gets a fez and now can see a 3d perspective but the cubes are scattered around and your job is to find the 32 WHOLE cubes. This game is full of puzzles and adventures waiting for you in this game.
,Recommended,224760,918388,"Posted: 2 May, 2013",all,hexen,"Baby, it'll blow your mind."
,Recommended,224760,10571611,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,SeaMammalMan,Great game for chill out. (f*** the clock puzzle)
,Recommended,224760,10770275,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,BubbleRevolution,"FEZ is honestly one of my favorite games of all time. Alongside the beautifully stylized pixel art, FEZ has a large world full of mysteries and puzzles to explore. The exploration is one of the best parts of the game, in my opinion. Every time I thought I had seen every area in the world, I discovered a new room with some mysterious artifact or puzzle.FEZ is a very calming experience that requires a lot of thought to figure out it's deviously mind-bending puzzles. It's a wonderful, wonderful game, and you should check it out if you haven't already."
,Recommended,224760,10632170,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Inkleberg McHumperstein,"This game is really fun. More massive than I expected and tons of mysteries to reveal. May get boring for a while if you are cluelessly collecting the cubes but, all around if you know what you're doing it can be really fun."
,Not Recommended,224760,10694020,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Jack Bronson,"This would be a better review if I hadn't watched Indie Game: The MovieCreater is a *****, game is transitivey ****."
,Recommended,224760,10694637,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Kaiizoku,"Very original game, very recomended"
76561198067814947,Recommended,224760,10796874,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Agloolik055,"This game is really fun, a little bit trippy at times, but is around awesome game and a hope you enjoy it."
76561198119887212,Recommended,224760,10799694,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Lady Toko,lovely soundtrack and graphics. nostalgic
,Recommended,224760,10789333,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Martin Mayonnaise,"Flip sum♥♥♥♥♥♥ Also, the background for the original legend of zelda title screen appears as a poster in Gomez's house. (Is that the main char's name? idfk) Game is fun!"
,Recommended,224760,10790069,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,RBF,OH MY GOODNESS WHAT A GAME.I've never had so much fun with a puzzle platformer in my life! So many creative ideas introduced in this game. It's amazing how much information and lore the game developers managed to convey without using any words. Kudos to them for such a job well done.SO MANY REFERENCES TO OTHER GAMES. <3
,Recommended,224760,10792169,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Pinkie Pie,People might say that this game is boring but it is not. It's f***ing great! Gave me an Headache though..but it's F***ING WORTH IT!
76561198040741466,Recommended,224760,10595698,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Birdskulls,Yes.... JUST YES!
,Recommended,224760,10598706,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Bafreak,a game that will make your day. :)
76561198030039229,Recommended,224760,3973865,"Posted: 6 September, 2013",all,Bi Ri Ri Ri,makes your head spin in a nice way and everything seems so beautifull. also its casual and the mechanics is neat
76561198059876158,Recommended,224760,10599894,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,ThatFunnyGuy,"Really fun game. Would recommend to anyone who is into platformers. The soundtrack is excellent. I really enjoyed playing it for the most part.Highlights:MusicGraphical StyleMinimalistic PlotClassic Platform FeelPerspective Changing MechanicSome problems include the apparent lack of direction. Towards the end of the game I found it difficult to know where to go. Some areas were dead ends or we're too mysterious to figure out what I needed to do in order to progress. Not to say that they were too challenging, but were simply not intuitive enough for me to really care.8/10 GOODPhil Fish is still kind of a♥♥♥♥♥♥ Its unfortunate that such a cool game was created by someone who has such a poor attitude."
,Recommended,224760,10600083,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Cinderelly,Entertaining game; 5/5 would recommend
76561197978516193,Recommended,224760,10597218,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Luvmuchine,A really good game made by a really bad person.
,Recommended,224760,2495192,"Posted: 25 May, 2013",all,LiquidJoy,I have been trying to figure out what the hell Fez is..............Then it hit me. Fez is Lovely!
,Recommended,224760,10560502,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Drowz0r,A must have.
76561198216858525,Recommended,224760,19259797,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,PIXEL BANDIT,"good puzzle game, looking from 4 different points of veiw is greatness."
76561198157786972,Recommended,224760,19228232,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,ERRORCODE_034,One of the best games I have everPlayed. Absolutely beutiful. Great soundtrack.
76561198146642481,Recommended,224760,19226655,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,MouseFlaps,"For those that can't get into games where the only point is to kill a bunch of baddies, this game is awesome. It's essentially all puzzles, music, and atmosphere. The graphics are warm and inviting, the puzzles require you to think spatially, verbally, numerically, even musically on some special levels. Plenty of easter eggs, too. Highly recommended if you want something fun, relaxing, and cerebral instead of something ""action-packed."""
,Recommended,224760,10648664,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,shmemma,I highly recommend this game! Fun and challenging with seemingly never-ending things to find and places to explore. It's definitely one of the hardest puzzle game I've ever played. Definitely not your run of the mill puzzle game; FEZ is much more!
76561198139561683,Recommended,224760,19370690,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,94Raptor,"This is honestly one of my all time favorite games. I am not sure how many could agree with me, but this game is a work of art.I originally got into this game because I thought the graphics were charming and I heard that the gameplay was pretty cool. But, upon playing for only a few minutes, my curiosity was permanently hooked. Beating this game was not enough. I had to unlock every achievement.Everything about FEZ is beautiful and enticing. If you consider yourself a curious person, this game will pull you along until you solve every little mystery that the game has to offer.10/10. intellectually gorgeous"
,Recommended,224760,19460434,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,cacamaricam ~RIPMMR~,"finally get all achievements, thank you community and internet!so much mind-blown game."
,Recommended,224760,19222608,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Hudbus †<CC><,"One of the original Indie titles, simple yet enjoyable, unbeatable without a walkthrough.Thank Valve for the Steam Overlay."
76561198062771097,Recommended,224760,19192935,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Darky,Best 4D puzzle game ever :D. Really nice (hard) secrets to be descovered.
,Recommended,224760,19193180,"Posted: 21 November, 2015",all,Chris The Ninja Pirate,I just love little FEZ.
,Recommended,224760,6575650,"Posted: 4 September, 2013",all,Jryxal,"Amazing puzzle game. I spent many, many hours on this puzzler, and - for the most part - the game did not leave me bored. Let me get this out of the way - if you're afraid that the whole 3D rotation is just a gimmick, I can assure you that it is not, and is in fact very much integrated well into the gameplay. It always felt natural to be rotating the screen, and I never did feel like it was being overused/forced. The game introduces and scales the difficulty of the puzzles at a decent pace, although there are some puzzles that are outright too hard/vague *cough* security room *cough*. Beyond the puzzles, the whole experience of the game is fantastic. Graphics are charming for obvious reasons, but so is the music. This game is indeed, very experiential, and there is not much of an explicit story. IE, it's all about enjoying the world and the journey itself, rather than playing through and interacting with NPCs to progress a story."
76561198106512732,Recommended,224760,19378877,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,vivitheamazing,super cute and pleasing to look at.
76561198101099739,Recommended,224760,19489867,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Er0h,"The puzzles are challenging and for that, I keep playing."
76561198027088162,Recommended,224760,19486453,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Omagta Bromine,money plz
,Recommended,224760,19515061,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,terraiin,"capped to 60hz refresh rate which is pretty sad, and also is literally unplayable on amd gpus. Otherwise, it's a pretty solid game, really enjoyed the 3d mechanix4/10"
,Recommended,224760,19513375,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,PaRRefill,"I've heard about FEZ about 3 years before I actually bought the game like a week ago. Long story short, I LOVED it then and I will always love it now. This game combines 2D with 3D making it a fun puzzle game, even coming with a mix of Tetris, Zelda and Mario!I've technically completed the game and made ANOTHER game save just to replay all the things I couldn't figure out without help. This game is a ton of fun with an awesome main character GOMEZ! I HIGHLY recommend this game to ANYONE! Your 5 year old cousin to your Grandmother! This game is simply amazing.10/10 Where's FEZ II"
,Recommended,224760,19447645,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,SLUGGJELLY,"This game achieves what it's set out to do: create a soothing environment for the player, while also posing a challenge with clever puzzles. It is a unique concept brilliantly executed through both stellar visuals and audio. Some think the game is boring or the puzzles take too long. If the game were more exciting, it would not achieve its goal. If the puzzles were quicker, the game would be too short. It's already short enough as it is, so the cheaper price tag is reasonable; you're getting what you paid for, so I don't see that as a reason to bring down its rating. This game is not for everyone, but I really can't find anything to complain about, to be honest. I'm going to have to give this a 10/10"
,Recommended,224760,19446617,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,PepeMzero,"Awesome game, i fell in love with this game, great OST  <3<3<3<3<3"
76561198076693905,Recommended,224760,8052062,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,NicePanini,Like really cool.
,Recommended,224760,8054972,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Tomodachi,"Why are you even reading this review? Don't you dare spoil even one tiny element of this game for yourself, start playing it right now."
,Recommended,224760,8056230,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Spzi,"This Game Is Amasing. Its 2D.. Or Is It, I Wish Fez II Came Out But It Wont So Fez Recommended!"
,Recommended,224760,10527488,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,unpretentious,"The game concept is unique and soundtrack is amazing. I can say that FEZ is not for everyone, first time I played I didn't touch it for a long time, but after getting used to playing, game has taken you to a complete different world with its unique soundtrack."
,Recommended,224760,10530435,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,MikeyJr,"Much fun, such wow"
,Recommended,224760,10530962,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,PhantomPhire360,"Fantastic game, fantastic sountrack and great graphics. It's just a shame that Phil Fish is a♥♥♥♥♥♥ But then again, we can't choose our parents!"
76561198032605959,Recommended,224760,10531580,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,wadda,"Awesome, innovative, interesting gameplay. The amount of collectables and easter eggs keep you looking for new messages within the game. A total must play!"
,Recommended,224760,10531920,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Iron Lung Alchemist,"Interesting open world pixel puzzle platformer. Enticing visuals and excellent bg music. No game over, no inventory, instant respawn. Great game for relaxation."
,Recommended,224760,10532263,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,ChomanBaby,Great game: 10/10Phil Fish: 0/10
76561198067016341,Recommended,224760,10532626,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Okamikat,Much fun.
76561198025006521,Recommended,224760,10532637,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Raggle Fraggle,"At first glance, this game seems like your standard charming 2D indie platformer, but you'd be wrong.You play as Gomez, and your goal is to find a bunch of cubes and cube fragments scattered across various worlds in order to restore the universe to its normal state (and keep it from tearing apart). The twist comes in once you receive the titular Fez: you can rotate the world in a three-dimensional manner, but it stays 2D from your perspective. Platforms can grow, grow apart/closer, or disappear entirely depending on how the world is rotated. Later on, there are quite a few challenging puzzles to decipher (you may need internet guides for more than a few of them), and some additional items to collect besides the golden cubes. My only real complaint is just a standard problem with platformers: it's easy to get lost, and you'll do quite a bit of backtracking for stuff you've missed.Overall, very highly recommended! Also, this game will run fine on computers that don't seem to meet the system requirements (I have no idea why a 2.8 GHz Core 2 Duo is recommended, this runs great on my 1.9 GHz Core 2 Duo system), so if you have a toaster of a computer, give this a shot anyway."
76561198022463399,Recommended,224760,10533509,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,SCRIPTER(BHOP HACKEWR),I'm cancelling fez 2.-Meepo 2014
,Recommended,224760,10534197,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Neon,this game is great for those that like a good puzzle game
,Recommended,224760,10534789,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Oberon,"Trust the reviews, if you like platformers you've got to try this one."
76561198110277135,Recommended,224760,10535999,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Pickle Rick,good game
76561198093685591,Not Recommended,224760,10536471,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Gameleopard,"The game started exiting, but quickly turned into tedious screen turning looking for one cube I missed."
76561198030389103,Recommended,224760,10540463,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,P@ersona,"FEZ makes very clever use of perspective to create new possibilities for platforming and puzzle solving. The map system is a little cunfusing to navigate, but otherwise the game is very functional and brilliantly designed."
,Not Recommended,224760,10540828,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,TC,"The core mechanic quickly gets old, and it's all downhill from there."
,Recommended,224760,10540869,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Krin-z,"Personally, I'm not a big fan of puzzle games. However, this one seems to interests me more than other puzzle games. It really challenges your perspective to achieve your goal.Definitely a must have"
76561198096041211,Recommended,224760,10542211,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,jloukas,Great platformer
76561197970232936,Recommended,224760,10359885,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,PlayingMantis,Game of the Year... of when it came out.
,Recommended,224760,10384860,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,DrunkenBeard,If Stanley Kubrick had made a game it would have been Fez.
,Recommended,224760,752068,"Posted: 6 June, 2013",all,IdleWillKill,"A simple game on the surfacr with a cool rotating gimmick. Once you dive deeper into the world of FEZ you realize exactly how crazy the devs went with the depth of their world. It not only plays well, but is rewarding and fun. Pick this up."
76561197993433775,Recommended,224760,9658108,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,cold.fire,"I don't play a ton of platformers as a lot of them require split-second reaction times to get places (see: Super Meat Boy).  I'm more of a puzzle solver, so this platforming experience was built just for me!  It still requires quick button pressing in some places, but where it really shines is as a mind-bending world of hidden secrets to unlock.  Also the music is incredible!  Really love this game!!Edit:  So I recently learned that there is a lot of controversy surrounding the developer of FEZ, Phil Fish.  I have to say that I'm a bit disappointed in the gaming community for attacking a developer based solely on his personality rather than his games.  How many other game developers do you even know by name/face?  I'm guessing very few.  Do you actually consider most game developers to be celebrities?  Why should it be any different with a small indie game like FEZ?  I stand by the fact that this game is one of my all-time favorites in the platforming category.  If you love puzzle platformers, you HAVE to play it!  Don't worry yourself about the developer and his apparent lack of manners in public.  Who gives a s#!t anyways?  The game experience is what matters.  Many artists in general are notorious for being ""social outcasts"" for one reason or another... and it can greatly lend itself to their artistic expression!  If you *really* need to know more about the whole controversy surrounding Phil Fish, I recommend watching this video:http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PmTUW-owa2w"
,Recommended,224760,10590963,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Bagshot,Awesome game!
76561198067820909,Recommended,224760,10594405,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Love Machine,"Great game and an even better soundtrack so far, especially since both were on sale together for so cheap!"
,Recommended,224760,10595142,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Alfax,"This is the best indie game I have ever played, so immersive and unique. I love the puzzle element and the design and layout is awesome too. Really recomend it."
,Recommended,224760,10595534,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,blinkafrootable,"A beautiful 3D world that is visualized in 2D is amazing. Shift the view of the world around you as you discover more about the map around you. Many worlds are connected to each other so you have many options of places to go. The objective of the game is so different than any other game I've seen in a long time. It is very odd and get weirder as you progress, but trust me. You're in a for a treat. For the price (especially the sale one), this game is a MUST GET. In addition, the soundtrack will dig into your mind as it takes over and rocks your world. It is EXTRAORDINARY. I feel bad for paying so little for this amazing game. GET IT. Lastly, there is more than one way to beat the game :). If you discover enough, there are items alled anti-cubes (you will understand when you get the game). If you are a puzzle solver, you will find these all over in many forms. So yes, GET THIS GAME NOW!!!"
,Recommended,224760,10560734,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,haHAA 12 btw haHAA,"Very good game, very addicting due to its simplicity in graphics, and its complexity(sort of) in puzzles"
76561198026523982,Recommended,224760,10735719,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,vodelhaus,"This game is beautiful.  I find  so much pixelated joy in the beautiful scenery and lush backdrops to every little world the fact the game is incredibly complicated and complex is all the better - more time to spend playing.  That said, without either a) serious dedication, b) great puzzle skills or c) a community guide, it will be VERY tough to get all the collectibles."
,Recommended,224760,10737684,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Leonitis De Marti,"As someone who really enjoys platformer and puzzle games, this take the cake, and the 3d rotation of the work makes it so much more interesting!"
,Recommended,224760,10740769,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,PK,"All of its hidden secrets make this game too enticing to put away until you've explored every nook and crany. That's a great thing considering that the artwork and music throughout its detailed and diverse world is awesome to experience. If you get a chance, pick this game up and sit down with a pencil and notebook and just keep track of every inconspicuous thing that you see. You won't regret it. Unless you're into not liking really creative and interesting things. In that case, look elsewhere."
76561198044523463,Recommended,224760,10741213,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,alexrau54,worth every sent
76561198043320329,Recommended,224760,10751873,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,TehKami,++++
76561197997906544,Recommended,224760,10751966,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Mox Antia,This game is awesome !
76561198035022514,Recommended,224760,10164239,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,KaoticKill3r,original game a 2d game in 3d world.
76561198078429875,Recommended,224760,10164625,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,tom,Beautiful soundtrack
,Recommended,224760,10167216,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,TonyVietnameseNinja,This game is beautiful. I love the graphics and how this game just breaks logic. This is absolutely worth picking up if you enjoy a unique platforming puzzle game.
,Recommended,224760,10174503,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,Bit Schiff,A great example of a indi game jampacked with interesting puzzels that will keep you going for hours.
,Recommended,224760,10158430,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Apokeylips,Wonderful game. Highly recommended and reminsicent of Paper Mario but more fully realised.I bought it twice it was so good :)
,Recommended,224760,2484394,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,The Final Key,It's original ideas make it a great platformer. Just don't expect it to be a walk in the park.
,Recommended,224760,10549408,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,l.o.luis,Wonderful.
76561198075501475,Recommended,224760,10551218,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,DeltaSigmaOmega,A really innovative way to play a platformer.
76561198060991344,Not Recommended,224760,10551846,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Squishyfish,Phil Fish lel
76561198045235061,Recommended,224760,10483812,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Zhou,"Fun game, it twists your mind"
,Recommended,224760,10484709,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Groumfh,Just awesome...
,Recommended,224760,10484745,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Ernst Schwarzenegger,"Great game! Only thing that annoys me is that the ""secrets"" are so hard to find."
76561198099197034,Recommended,224760,10484780,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Zynoatempist,THIS GAME IS AMAZINGif you think that it is gonna be too hard for you don'tIt's really goodBUY WHILE CHEAP
,Recommended,224760,10484901,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,daily-relief,"I purchaced this game from the Indie Game sale for about $2.50. I originally watched the movie on Netflix a few weeks ago, and this game stood out to me the most due to the cute, colorful design and the interesting concept. After buying it, I spent about 11 hours playing it completely through.The game reminded me a lot of Flatland, where I imagine Fish got a lot of the inspiration from. I really enjoyed playing between the two dimentions and thinking conceptually about where things are located near each other. Some of the drawbacks were that the game included some QR code puzzles that were not required (they all had alternate puzzles), but I felt were out of place. A few rooms gave me a bit of a headache, especially the sewer area rooms, the 16 cube room due to the flashing background, and one of the purple door rooms with a randomized mix of every single kind of block (you'll know it when you find it). However, these were outweighted by amazingly designed areas, my favorite being the blue music area. For the price, the was an amazing game and I really enjoyed having it be my first indie game experience!"
,Recommended,224760,10486064,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Bed.,"Twenty minutes into this game, and I am reconsidering everything I know about gaming in general. This game is one of the most amazing games I've played so far, simple yet complex. The visuals are stunning, the soundtrack is fantastic, and I really just enjoy this game, it is FANTASTIC. And it's honestly under priced. This game is worth a TON more than it's listed on Steam. I recommend you pick it up, it is a must for any gamer."
,Recommended,224760,10486379,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,MetalsWrath,"This Game is amazing, the graphics and the gameplay is of great qualitiy, i feel like people will really connect and enjoy this game it is definetly a 10/10 for me"
,Recommended,224760,10486438,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Mutantoctopus87,This game is FLIPPIN cool (pun)
,Recommended,224760,10486622,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,SuperSaiyanTwo,Awesome puzzle game that will leave your mind screwed more times than once
76561198062928377,Recommended,224760,10486959,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Space_Christ,"This game would be worth ever cent if it cost 10 times the price. Brilliant, bright, beautiful."
76561198037741895,Recommended,224760,10488057,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Quinn94,Fez is s cute game thats simple and fun to play. The majer  benefits is that its relatively cheap.
,Recommended,224760,10562373,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,nultemp,wow WOWOW WOOOOOOW
,Recommended,224760,10567255,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,janekenstein,"FEZ is pretty good at making me feel dumb. You make me want to be a better person, FEZ."
,Recommended,224760,7728546,"Posted: 23 November, 2013",all,Diogenes,"I'll say this once, this is the most beautiful game i ahev every played in the intrirty of my exsistence in reality so far"
76561198085577338,Recommended,224760,10489527,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,kilgoretrout420,One of the best games I have played in a while.
,Recommended,224760,10489673,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,RoA,Purrfect!
76561198001811634,Recommended,224760,10490049,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,jesse_james,The best platform puzzler I've played in years.
76561198038466306,Recommended,224760,7874842,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Michael Cera,"This game brings a whole new perspective to platformers. Also note that this game was made by one guy, and it looks beautiful and it is played very cleanly. One of the best indie games that I've played by far. 91/100 is definately an appropriate rating. Check this game out if you're into a very relaxing game, yet gives you a mindblowing visual experience."
,Recommended,224760,7875007,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,[GGG]Xienen,"Definitely worth experiencing for just a few dollars, but the mechanic does wear out its welcome very quickly.  In just a couple of hours, I felt like the game became more of a ""hunt for what to do"" than any sort of puzzle platformer."
,Recommended,224760,7875488,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Flipbug,"Truly one of the greatest indie platforming games ever made. Gorgeous artwork, wonderful 16-bit soundtrack, and devilishly tricky puzzles. Playing it is profoundly moving."
76561198109729795,Recommended,224760,7876119,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,xThisGuyAgainx,
,Recommended,224760,7876280,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Monocerotis,"Although the game play concept is very simple—collect cube pieces to continue on to the next level and discover secret areas for achievements—the visuals and friendly humor make it a very enjoyable game. AMD graphics users should use Radeon Pro to force Vsync to remove annoying flickering and hopefully reduce crashes.Aunque el concepto del juego es muy sencillo—recoger piezas de los cubos para continuar al nivel siguiente y descubrir lugares secretos para realizar logros—los efectos visuales y el buen humor dan una experiencia muy agradable. Para los usuarios con tarjetas de gráficas de AMD, os recomiendo que utilicéis Radeon Pro para forzar el sincronismo vertical (V-sync) con el fin de eliminar la inconveniencia del parpadeo y ojalá reducir el fallo del juego.Bien que le concept du jeu est très simple—récolter les éléments des cubes pour continuer au prochain niveau et découvrir des lieux secrets pour obtenir des réalisations—les effets visuels et l’humeur simple donnent une expérience très agréable. Aux utilisateurs avec des cartes graphiques d’AMD, je vous recommande d'utiliser Radeon Pro pour forcer la synchronisation verticale (V-sync) afin d'éliminer les inconvénients du scintillement d’écran et réduire le plantage du jeu.虽然这个电子游戏的概念很简单--收集立方体片儿是为了前进，发现秘密领域是为了取得事迹--它的视觉效果与幽默使它成为一个非常令人愉快的游戏。 我建议有AMD显卡的用户得使用Radeon Pro软件来强制垂直同步(V-sync)以消除恼人的屏幕闪烁，希望也会减少游戏瘫痪。"
,Recommended,224760,7876539,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Raanch,"This game was a fun experience. Music is good, the puzzles can be downright hard (I figured out half of them, gave up on half, refused to google them). The whole ambient package was just max comfy, and the story was neat too. I beat this game in about 6-7 hours, and only collected about half of the potential things to collect/figure out/explore."
,Recommended,224760,7877913,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Maelin,This is a totally awesome little puzzle platformer.
,Recommended,224760,7877965,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Aussie Ben,"A simply lovely puzzle platformer. Jam-packed full of secrets, hidden languages, and mysteries enticing you to unlock them. Clever, charming and satisfying, Fez is a wonderful journey into a vast world."
76561198062713712,Recommended,224760,7938999,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,sreamer17ydr,"FEZ is a work of art by Phil Fish. You play as Gomez in a 2D pixel world (or so you think). One day, a 3D cube comes down from the sky and now you can change perspective in 3D, rotate the world 90 degrees. Each level is done beautifully, work of art, Phil spent YEARS getting this game done.The game has many things to collect, cubes, anti-cubes, red cubes, pieces, etc. Puzzles galore, and the world is HUGE, let me tell you, the game is a large world. So much to explore and do. The audio and visuals are top notch, and so cute I love being in the world just to look at all the effects and sounds the game has. The game goes through day and night cycles, it has weather, many different biomes like a haunted level, owls, waterfalls, trees, etc. The world again is large.It will take you HOURS upon hours to collect everything and the puzzles are grand! This game is well worth the money and is such a delight to play."
76561198000905598,Recommended,224760,7921043,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,jarmine550,i picked this game up during the autunm sale and man did i get more then i asked for. i haven't played a good platformer in ages and this game somehow managers to remind me of my days playing super mario world on my snes. fun yet challenging puzzles along with a very interest way of using the view changing feature and a decent soundtrack make this game one of my favorite this year. the only complaint is the game doesn't really have much replay value but at $2.50(the price during the autunm sale) i think the creators of this game earned my money and i would even recommend it at full price.
,Recommended,224760,28479,"Posted: 5 May, 2013",all,Archagon,"If you value mystery, atmosphere, and exploration in your games, I highly recommend Fez. Bonus points for having one of the best ambient soundtracks I've ever heard."
,Recommended,224760,7921663,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Bad Pepper,"iv'e not finish the game yet and i love it, excellent pixelart and animation."
,Recommended,224760,7922847,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,niealeh,Wonderful puzzle game with challenging secrets. 100% completion is really 213.3% for some reason. Interesting upgrades for beating the game.
76561198094717193,Recommended,224760,10192303,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,secondri,"You're name is Gomez, and you wear a fez.20/10"
,Recommended,224760,10194000,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,syrito,is a cool platformer until its a about cryptography
76561198047506129,Recommended,224760,10248492,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Dirk,"Overall, I found this to be a good game. It kind of reminded me of Super Paper Mario in a way where the player can switch between 2D and 3D; however, this game actually integrates both at the same time. The gimmick is to switch different perspectives in order to progress through the levels.The puzzles were very Intriguing and fun to solve, but what I disliked about the majority of the puzzles in the game were that they required a lot of deciphering, which I mean translating the alien language in the game to English (this is usually the first part to many puzzles). Just this one annoyance I could already tell would expand the game to being played for tons of hours, maybe even months if I were down right serious about solving all the puzzles all by myself, which brings me to my confession of using a guide to solve a majority of the puzzles. Personally, this game would have been better if the translating wasn't such a major part of the game. Sure, I've played another game that does the same thing (Kudos to whoever can guess that), but that game made it optional, and it was so small that it felt very satisfying when I figured out how to decipher Braille.Along with these annoyances, most of the puzzles also required a code to be put in like a classic NES game. Sure, it was cool at first to be able to do this for some of the puzzles, but when I realized that this gimmick was used over and over again, it just got tiresome.To end on a good note, I felt very relaxed while playing the game probably because of the artistic details put into the game, references, and of course the music."
,Recommended,224760,10283140,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,6e,Best puzzle game i have ever played. 100/10
,Recommended,224760,10284203,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,FluffyDemonCloud,"This game is just immersive. Taking place in a cleverly and imaginatively crafted environment, you will find puzzles and creative tidbits throughout, with all sounds complimenting the overlying tone perfectly. Simply put, this is my favourite game of the indie genre. It is truly unique. It is truly brilliant. I'm not even done with it yet!A tip: Play this in near darkness with minimal background noise, allowing the game's music, sounds and artwork to take over. You'll understand what I mean above."
,Recommended,224760,10510897,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,World's Most Average Dad,10/10 five stars 100% would play would buy
,Recommended,224760,10516480,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,TheColdQuasar,Puzzle adventure game that is addictive. Don't play this during exams. A new perspective in life and gaming. A MUST BUY GAME
,Not Recommended,224760,10461541,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Podojun,"You must have a certain graphics card to play this. Make sure you have the right one first, I just wasted 3.99"
76561198132602501,Recommended,224760,10462600,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,caM ◢◤,"Good game very big world , can be tricky , Graphics 10/10"
,Recommended,224760,10464231,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,mutiny,I saw a devil cube and it gave me a hat.10/10
,Recommended,224760,10464287,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,MikeJinx,amazing in every way
76561198122608347,Recommended,224760,10465148,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Desmond,"Best Game Eva, i want everyone of my friends to have this game."
,Recommended,224760,10465509,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Lagrange Point (LP),"YES! A perfect puzzle 3rd person game. This easily works on my laptop, currently Intel HD 3000 graphics(which is pretty slow in 2014) I find this game interesting, fun, constantly changing backgrounds. It's relaxing in a way, awesome to get away from bloody games which I'm sick of at this point."
,Recommended,224760,10497551,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,Ulaxes,"A truly remarkable game. Much more about exploration and secrets than actual plattforming, it's perfect in every sense."
,Recommended,224760,10497775,"Posted: 16 June, 2014",all,the general™,"FEZ is a unique and original game. It's really enjoyable! It's different approach from other platformers really sets it apart. It's very well worth, well, for me, around three bucks, because I got it on sale, but I'd pay ten bucks for it, too! I'm not that far, and the gameplay is very fun and inviting! I'd easily play it over again just for fun.GAMEPLAY: 10/10GRAPHICS: 9.5/10REPLAY VALUE: 10/10"
,Recommended,224760,10501545,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Hadlock,"This is some sort of Metroid-vania game but you can fold space and time with delicious results. What seems like a simple game turns out to have a deep backstory and a lot of extras that will make you think but not completely frustrate you. The map system is very well thought out, controls are precise and game mechanics overall are an A+. BUY BUY BUY"
,Recommended,224760,10502164,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,hlvtcX,"2D creature in 3D dimension, maybe it's the reason why this game is so amazing"
,Not Recommended,224760,10525424,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,fullskel,♥♥♥♥♥wont work!
,Recommended,224760,10525959,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,tomtom2go,Very nice and beautiful platformer/puzzle/3D(side rotation) game!
,Recommended,224760,10504157,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Bold Guy vs. Thicc Jew,"This is an incredible game, the developers worked really hard and achieved the goal of making a game that people would love. Fez is one of the most difficult games I've played, full of platforming challenges and encryptions, you're going to have hours to get a 100% in this game. In short 10/10, you should buy it."
,Recommended,224760,10504219,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,LikeABoss,"Goodness gracious. This is one of the best games I've ever played. While this does have a lot of platforming in it, this game is mostly a puzzle game. Also, the map is bloody fascinating. 10/10."
76561198046702017,Recommended,224760,9075982,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Pauseface,Literally my favorite game so far.
,Recommended,224760,9077518,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,MbV93,"Amazing game, can't recommend it enough! Peaceful, charming, challenging, creative, beautiful and with an amazing soundtrack. Definitely one of the best games I have played."
,Recommended,224760,9091167,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Juhle,14/9 would replay x28
76561198104278204,Recommended,224760,9191211,"Posted: 20 February, 2014",all,mrmash92,collect them cubes
,Recommended,224760,7686866,"Posted: 17 November, 2013",all,Invisible Man,"Alright i'll admit it,i was mostly sucked into this from watching Phil Fish on the indie game movie. That's when i decided i wanted to buy it at least. I didn't play it then one day one of my coworkers started telling me about it and i felt like i really need to give it a chance.Its an interesting game and while adding 3 dimensions to a 2 dimensional type game has been done before and in other ways this game really makes it seamless and a big part of the experience not just a novelty.So first off its very confusing trying to navigate around i have no idea where i am most of the time level wise and took me forever to figure out how to get back to the place with all the doors! but once i was rolling it was a really fun game. It in someways makes me think of portal and the kind of thought process you have to go through to get from one place to another. Aside from it being fun the artwork and the small effects that go unnoticed is what really impressed me and there are plenty of little tricks and secrets around. Nice game!"
76561198057241240,Recommended,224760,9295036,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Mr.Myllar,"This Game is an amayzing piece of art!  The amount of cute little detail and fun secrets in this game is what gives FEZ it's charater.  The controls are simple and easy to use, even though the mechanic of changing perspective is something that takes a little while to get used to.  The level designs are fun and challenging and mindboglingly beautiful.  This is definatly a game that has depth and will take several enjoyable hours to finish, and even then there are tons of secret puzzles that are not only challenging but also make you think, scan and, some times even write.  All these thing add to the amayzing detail and enjoyment of FEZ  9/10"
,Recommended,224760,9297834,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Billy McChucks,"An extremely fun and relaxing expirience, meant to be played and enjoyed slowly. This, combined with the relaxing music and pretty scenary, makes FEZ a must have."
,Recommended,224760,9299423,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,runyouclevergirl,"There's such a sense of adventure, and the graphics are lovely! :)"
,Recommended,224760,9256615,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,unwesen,Old-school puzzle platformer with a twist. Love it :)
,Recommended,224760,9240830,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Tiger,"Clever platformer game with fantastic soundtrack. Wouldn't recommend it if you suffer from vertigo, though."
,Recommended,224760,9288041,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,VHS,"if you don't own fez by this point you probably haven't drank mountain dew, held a baby, listened to my beautiful dark twisted fantasy, or have had any good experiences in life period. buy this game or phil fish will literally burn your eyes out by the sight of his beautiful beard."
,Recommended,224760,5390010,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,jaydloe,Innovative and beautifully pixelated
,Not Recommended,224760,9322443,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,jack frost,"On the one hand, I thought this game would be right up my alley, for the cool graphics, relaxed pacing and, what seemed at first, fun puzzles. But, as it turns out, the puzzles mostly suck and the game is horribly paced. Discovering the in-game languages is not fun at all, and that's pretty much all that has to be done to solve the button presses puzzles all over the world.The game is also too reliant on meta narratives. The few QR codes present in the game to ""solve"" puzzles completely broke the immersion for me. Now I have to whip out my cell phone and point it at the screen. I'm sure there's people who appreciate that. I'm not one of them.There are a lot of flaws all around the game, too. Gomez dying from falling on the ground seems to serve absolutely no purpuse but to slow us down when navigating the screens. And that's made even more aggravating by the fact that the navigation and mapping is absolutely horrible. You can take even hours of searching around just to reach a screen you've visited a while before. There's no way to warp but to a few rooms. It's a game that is really intent on wasting my time.I have completed the game, but that says more about my personal inclinations than about its quality. It was really frustrating to find out that there were a few puzzles that were impossible to solve with information in the game. One of them involves getting a pattern of flashing lights in the sky, converting it to binary, then to hexadecimal, then to ASCII to get a sequence of button presses which then should be executed in the room. I don't know if I can even call this a puzzle.I'm sure my opinion doesn't matter a whole lot, but since most reviews about this game are positive, I figured I would take a few minutes to write why I think this is not a very good game, for there are people out there with tastes close to mine that may find this game not as interesting as they'd hoped."
,Recommended,224760,9325377,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Microsoft Word,"Really solid puzzle/platformer. Pretty challenging at times, but not so much that it made me want to stop playing. I do feel like the world map could have been better, but that's probably just me. Definitely play it with an xBox controller or other such controller, the game plays much better with a D-Pad or analog stick.Also: Fezzes are cool."
,Recommended,224760,9326392,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,WardOfLucifer,"While it is unfortunate for Phil Fish to have left the industry, I have to admit that he made an absolute gem."
76561198114287999,Recommended,224760,9183034,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Quetzalcoatl,An amazing almost 3d platformer. Amazing pixel art and a beautiful game.
76561198059087730,Recommended,224760,6103502,"Posted: 7 September, 2013",all,I am Groot,Fez has a great soundtrack and is an unique Indie game!8.5/10
76561198088824969,Recommended,224760,9154796,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Starfleetmember,"I would reccomond this game.  If your a beginner puzzle player and you wnat to try to do puzzles, get this game.  Besides the really cool graphics and 3-D ascept, it also holds an intresting story line."
,Recommended,224760,9214098,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,OneSimpleSlice,"Get FEZ. If not for the puzzling, get it for the Atmosphere. It's such a beautiful game- Buy it now"
76561198078421272,Not Recommended,224760,6886502,"Posted: 29 September, 2013",all,10 years to save grandad,"I'm gonna be honest here guys, having seen Indie game: the movie, I was ultra hyped to get my hands on this. A waste of my time and money, both of which could have been much better spent on other indie games that actually are worth the wait."
,Recommended,224760,8216489,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,deathFromAbove,Neat Concept.  Really enjoyed the game.  Could be a little longer/have more content.
76561198027655405,Recommended,224760,8216613,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,kungfumaster47,I love the depth of the puzzles
76561198028443923,Recommended,224760,8217477,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Jordanv78,"This game is AWESOME! Everything great that a platformer fan wants. If you love platforming adventure games, and you love retro games. You HAVE to purchase and play this game."
76561197963561524,Recommended,224760,8217926,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Bangkok Dangerous,is better than da
,Recommended,224760,8218544,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,MarsAgainstVenus,Played 4 hours non stop my first time playing. Highly recommend. Love this game!
,Recommended,224760,8218898,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Ebus,phil fish is hilarious
76561198108490819,Recommended,224760,8265168,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Rexseoccisio,Great game I love how the worlds link together. Keeping track of them and remembering exactly how you got someplaxce is tricky!
76561198089465184,Recommended,224760,8268685,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,By the bear!,I am thrilled to no end each time I get lost in this game.
,Recommended,224760,8271756,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Daniel,"Everything about Fez makes me smile, the oldschool consol look, the awesome atmospheric soundtrack and the way I constantly, still, find myself surprised when discovering how to solve a puzzle. The ingenious way of adding 3 dimensions to a 2D platformer is brilliant and so refreshing.This game is just pure fun, I recommend it to everyone :)"
,Recommended,224760,8250798,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Megaroo,Wow. This game is truley unique. I find myself wondering what a multiplayer arena might look like in this world...
76561198074565853,Recommended,224760,8253529,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,StandardEpiphany,frustating and charming in equal measure.
,Recommended,224760,1021589,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,Lusitanian,As close to puzzle platforming perfection as a game can get if you ask me.  The sensibilities of old (i.e. no hand holding and minimal exposition) without resorting to mind numbing violence.  This game charms through and through.
,Recommended,224760,69935,"Posted: 25 July, 2013",all,CarlCX,"""SUCK MY♥♥♥♥♥♥ CHOKE ON IT."" - Phil Fish, creator of the childlike wonder you see in the image beside this message"
76561198062155424,Recommended,224760,8012266,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Cable,FEZ= Awesome!
76561198080163360,Recommended,224760,6944976,"Posted: 29 September, 2013",all,_donda_,An interesting combination of retro-style graphics with a mysterious atmosphere. Some of the puzzles are a tiny bit over the top though.
,Recommended,224760,7999224,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Nathanle,"This game has a huge world, and lots of very interesting puzzles, and a ton of stuff to explore. The game also features an amazing soundtrack, and a great art style. It's a great game that I recommend."
,Recommended,224760,4427814,"Posted: 1 May, 2013",all,floyde,Easily one of the best games I have ever played.
,Recommended,224760,1809437,"Posted: 8 May, 2013",all,Zee-Svk,Really awesome relaxing puzzle platformer. Some puzzles here are mindblowing. :)
,Recommended,224760,7912662,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,BeardedSailor,♥♥♥♥ing incredible. I reccomend the ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥out of this game. Easily in my top five game of all time.
,Recommended,224760,8282283,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Sli Fi,Is the ending worth it? No. Is the content worth it? Yes. It's a fun mechanic that takes quite a while to get old.
,Recommended,224760,8656018,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,fax,Great Indie puzzler made by great people also in Indie Game The Movie
,Recommended,224760,8657148,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Yung2ksad,Euphoric synesthesia.
,Recommended,224760,8658833,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,SilvasRuin,"This game is such a trip. The puzzles are mind bending and mostly fun, the whole design of the game is quite creative, and since it's an open world without any Metroidvania or Zelda style item/ability unlocks, the game really paces itself according to you the player. It's a great game to relax to most of the time, even despite its surprisingly and delightfully creepy atmosphere, and it does offer a few more stressful puzzles for a bit of an adrenaline dosage.My only complaint would be that I'm not fond of its very subtle pattern observation puzzles... except that I can't really complain since those are only needed for 100% completion anyways. I would recommend this one for anyone who can bite back their completionist side and/or who likes stimulating puzzles, platformers, and great atmosphere."
,Recommended,224760,8659216,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,NeoArmstrongCycloneJetArmstrong,Awesome
,Recommended,224760,8662612,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,CatalinZZ,"Overall nice experience, but a few of the puzzles were extremely frustrating in their lack of hints."
76561198103070840,Recommended,224760,9074237,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Dosaaaa,"This is an amazing game! From the gorgeous pixel art, to the fun, but simplistic gameplay, this is one of the best indie games ever. The story is a bit weak, but it isn't by any means bad. The gameplay is fun, and as i said, i LOVE the graphics. I HIGHLY recommend this game!"
76561198039111088,Recommended,224760,9074889,"Posted: 12 February, 2014",all,Shark Maan,"Great game to relax in and explore, well worth the money."
76561197995423668,Recommended,224760,9086573,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,[StarFox64] Star Wolf,"Either you get it or you don't. It's either a sublime exploration of a world with brimming secrets just underneath the surface, or a boring trek through a bunch of jumping puzzles. I loved it, but I can understand how people would hate it. Regardless of your feelings towards the gameplay though, the sound design (both music and general aural feel) is unmatched-- so pick up the soudntrack bundle if you're going to buy the game.It gets my highest recommendation, but with the caveat that I recognize that it won't be for everyone."
,Not Recommended,224760,9099533,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Pseudo Lain,"Not worth the money I spent. The only reason I have such long play time was because I left it on accidently while I went to do groceries. It's a platformer that refuses to punish you for not platforming correctly, meaning that it's more of a walking simulation than any true platformer. All of the puzzles barring maybe 3 of the optional puzzles are extremely easy to figure out, with the ""3rd dimension"" playing very little part. Never once did I have to jump, and in mid air change dimension, something that I was hoping would happen the entire game yet was never once explored.This game, while being cute in a pixel-art kind of way, is pretty insubstantial. Considering the creator wanted to bash a masterpiece of retro-themed gaming like Cave Story, I was expecting at least an average game. Instead, I was greeted with sub-par puzzles, non-existant difficulty, zero story/plot outside of ""collect the things or else"", a terrible map system, and an ""epic meme"" as a reward for beating the game. I do not reccomend buying this game, spend your money on Hotline Miami or something else."
,Recommended,224760,9104405,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Forevermuffins,"Say what you want about Phil Fish; his game is gorgeous and you can tell he put a lot of work into it.This is a 2D platformer in 3D. The manipulation of the 2nd dimension allows you to change the scene in 3D and into a new 2D scene, creating fiendish and intuitive puzzles that will bend your brain.Along with that, there is a well crafted story woven throughout; but above all, there is a fantastic Soundtrack to go with superb and detailed visuals that surpass many other 2D pixel games.I also reccomend playing the game with a good pair of headphones."
76561198071679476,Recommended,224760,9691639,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,MadKaz,"I have never played a game that makes me calmer and as happy as FEZ. it gave me a feeling i havent felt for years, a feeling i felt back when the idea of halo cod and bf werent in my mind. when i thought of 100%ing ratchet and clank. its a fresh breath of air every gamer should experience to just have some enjoyment"
,Recommended,224760,9679951,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Sir Twaddles,"FEZ on the surface looks simple. Spin the world to platform up to where you need to be, collect cubes, and win the game. HOWEVER, the secret cubes require inputs similar to konami codes, and other require you to learn a new alphabet. The secrets in the came are VERY complex."
,Recommended,224760,9495340,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,DK,"Cool concept, gets tricky but fun."
,Recommended,224760,9501679,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Esper,"This is a really good and clever puzzle game.The whole game looks silly and cute at first, but do not let it fool you completely. It includes some hardcore puzzles and has some deep thoughts and ideas. You just have to find them.I am definitely recommending this."
76561198043272789,Recommended,224760,9503737,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Concequence,"Wonderful game, I enjoyed it, very different perspective on the 2D Sidescroller.Also pixel graphics are awesome."
76561198009213611,Recommended,224760,9721703,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,MarkWahlberg,"This is hands down the best game I've ever played, and that's out of extensive gaming experience. It's the kind of game, where, if you, like myself, get caught in the atmosphere and complexity of the FEZ universe, you wish you could undo the experience of playing the game, just so that you could play it again. Its beautifully simple interface contains layers of codes and puzzles that brings oodles of satisfaction to solve. I'm not usually a fan of puzzle games, but FEZ is entertaining and rewarding; standalone perfection."
,Recommended,224760,7712195,"Posted: 21 November, 2013",all,NeuroCider,"This game is great. I love the guide, the universe, the map, my FEZ! Reminds me of super Paper Mario with the 2D/3D world changing. Wonderful soundtrack makes the world a place I wish was real and I could live in. Wanted the games since I saw Indie Game: The Movie and now it is mine! Worth every damn dime, and I strongly recomend it. Still not to far into the game so I dont know how it evolves later on, but so far I love what it does. You should buy it now if you haven`t allready!"
,Recommended,224760,7349456,"Posted: 9 October, 2013",all,errant.Pixel(love > alt facts),"Total magic. A gorgeously realized game, built with oodles of love around an astonishingly simple-yet-genius mechanic. Once you play it, you'll be astounded that no one else had yet crafted a game before (to my knowledge) that so gleefully riffs off of the tropes - and physics - of 2D and 3D platform conventions."
,Recommended,224760,10852804,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Dani,"Freaking great game, tons of fun, really cute music."
76561198024798482,Recommended,224760,10854439,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,_thejust,"FEZ is WOW. From the title screen and hypnotic music it had me. It is full of smile inducing ""Ah ha!"" moments as you discover how the world works and how to use it to your advantage. Bringing fresh ideas to the oldschool platformer."
,Recommended,224760,3621129,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,murakaz,"A platformer that is all about its puzzles.  Fez features some really nice visuals, an effective score, and plenty of secrets to keep you busy.  The puzzles themselves range from simple and fun to convoluted and impossible... though most of those come from the lack of a reasonable way of figuring out Fez's in-game alphabet (I recommend cheating and looking it up).  It must be said though, that exploring Fez's world is a lot of fun, which makes the lack of enemies a nice change of pace.Highly recommended for fans of platforming games, as long as you can look past a few bugs here and there.  Just resist the urge to look up guides (though it's basically required if you want to collect everything)."
,Recommended,224760,10856914,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,MisterMimoBot,Cubes do not exist
,Recommended,224760,6417044,"Posted: 22 August, 2013",all,Private Ryan,Amazing game! A platformer with great style and a nice nod to the 8-Bit Era. I love old school platformers and this one delivers in so many different ways.
76561197972324935,Recommended,224760,10884635,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Jeff the sheep,This is a very fun game to play by yourself without feeling lonely or anything like that. It has a wonderful soundtrack and nice game mechanics. I would definetly recommend this to other players who enjoy indie platformers.
76561198062712916,Recommended,224760,10886539,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,revengeracer (DigiPerson),"I think this would make a really awesome family game, it's very casual, but it definitely makes you think a bit and the exploring aspect of it is fun, enjoyable, and even relaxing. There aren't any real enemies, and a lot of people complain about that, but I personally really like the feel of this. The graphics, music, and style all play into each other really well, and the game feels great. If you fall of a platform or get stuck in a black hole, you just get teleported back to where you were before, so there isn't much rage-inducement :D I think gameplay wise it could get a little stale, I'd recommend this game to anyone 6-13, and older fans will love it to, but the gameplay might not entertain enough to take them the whole way through."
76561197962753151,Recommended,224760,10862186,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,jGR,"Really nice game, the music and general ambiance just make this game perfec to get lost and spend a couple hours spinning the levels around to try and get every little things in them. Got in during the summer sales, definetly worth the 5$"
,Recommended,224760,10864416,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,elmimexil,"I am hopelessly in love with this game and have played it on xbox as well as pc.The artwork of the game speaks for itself: Colourful, just the right amount of kawaii, always - ALWAYS - interesting to just look at. The music adds so well to the atmosphere, and you just get lost in this pixelarious universe. Also, few things make me smile like Gomez' happiness when he collects things.At first I had a little trouble wrapping my head around the controls and how to read the map - not to mention the way the world changes when you shift the angle. But when you first get a hold of it the way of stearing is quite addictive.I had some trouble with the game crashing on my pc while in full screen, which meant I had to shift to window mode. I found out this problem was quite common, though, and it does not bother me that much to have a bar at the top of the screen.THE VERDICT:If you like getting lost in different sorts of puzzles in a colourful, yet sometimes disturbing universe with playful characters you will adore this game. There is so much to discover and not just one single way to do it. Awesome. Love it. Recommended."
,Recommended,224760,10913834,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Hennerz19,A great game for those who like puzzle solving and adventure games. Would definitely recommend to anyone.
,Recommended,224760,5258948,"Posted: 2 May, 2013",all,aka_mepi,PLS
,Recommended,224760,11342509,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Rocha_Juaz,"Is a very good and cryptic game, fun for kids and challenging for a serious gamer.Please do yourself a favor and don't use a guide for this game."
,Recommended,224760,2219678,"Posted: 13 July, 2013",all,UNBROKENTOYZ (JUDAS PRIEST),"If you havent played FEZ and if you dont know about FEZ stop where you and  turn off your pc and never play another game again this game is  fo addictive/ O ♥♥♥♥ i played this game for 3 hour straight. i havent done that in a very long time. This game was worth the wait and all the pain Phil Fish had to go through.This game is awesome,fun,cute,and addictive and as un-boring as you can get. the Meta score for this game should be 100. I love FEZ! And if you havent seen the documentery Indie Game you need to see it to see it  and what a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥FEZ was to develop for Phil Fish and all the ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t he had to go through to make it . Buy this game it is worth every penny.you cant go wrong!!!!!!  and Mr Fish well done your game is ALLFUKINBADASS!"
,Recommended,224760,11458051,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,OneCourseofAction,I couldnt explain it to you but it make so much sense  best puzzle game ive played
,Recommended,224760,2134719,"Posted: 12 May, 2013",all,RoadSign,Home
,Recommended,224760,11279911,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Cosmic Rick,Incredible.
76561198047956528,Recommended,224760,5325429,"Posted: 1 May, 2013",all,Daepwnz,This game is sheer effing brilliance
76561198118858166,Recommended,224760,11283666,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,Hammy179,awesome 3d 2d 1d so much DIMMENSIONAL amazing different game than any other games  so ill rate it 10 out 10 DEFINETLY SO AWESOME
76561197983772107,Recommended,224760,11284745,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Dyrnwyn346,"Your mind will be blown. Take your time, let the puzzles infuse your life, don't just rush through them. FEZ can be multiplayer: While one person actually plays the game and uncovers clues, a second, third, or forth player can crack their brains on the screenshots you have dug up."
,Recommended,224760,8173700,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Dreamcooled,Awesome in so many dimensions!
,Recommended,224760,8174440,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Slosh,"As a very casual gamer, I adore this game. I have had tons of fun playing it, and the challenges rarely frustrate me, and I can't stop playing it. Definitely worth it, even more so when on sale."
,Recommended,224760,8174612,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Thunderous71,Only 20mins into playing the game and I already know this is a classic!
76561198070468891,Recommended,224760,8176346,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Doctor Superfox,"Fez is an incredible title. With creative and stellar gameplay, which perfectly compliments the ingenious game design. If I can reccomend any indie game from Steam's catalog, this is definitely the best one."
,Recommended,224760,8191416,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Social Payload,"Mind-bending game mechanics. Litteraly headache inducing! The idea of a 2D platformer that isn't really 2D. Its 3D. The floating islands you are plaforming on, does rotate 90-degrees at the press of a button. This game is an experience."
76561198030782642,Recommended,224760,8191633,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,An Gremlin,"If you're into platformers at all or very moody and atmospheric games, than this is the game for you. With eerie and haunting but also extremely catchy music and retro sound effects, the game pulls you straight into a world where you discover that the world you thought was 2D is in reality 3D. The gameplay is unique and never gets boring, and it's really fun just exploring all of the different places in this world and learning all of its secrets. Controller recommended, but it does play decently with a keyboard. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,224760,8194581,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,martinsandford1,"Brilliant Indie Game, totally got me hooked. Such a simple game but still proves very confusing with the change in graphics. Definitely recommend."
,Recommended,224760,8195794,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Disorganic,"Pixel graphics that are tight, well-rendered and animated, a twist on the 2D plane that is ingenius, interesting and plays into every aspect of the game.really, for a puzzle platformer that plays fun, casual and interesting, you can't go wrong with this. you can reach the end with an average amount of effort, but there's a lot there for completionists; highly, highly reccommend."
76561197996004460,Recommended,224760,1658755,"Posted: 16 August, 2013",all,Winaimed,one of the best 3d 2d puzzle platformers out there
,Recommended,224760,8197098,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,sudo,very fun~~~
76561198056749410,Recommended,224760,8197873,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Q.,Very good game ther everyone should try.
76561198102166039,Recommended,224760,8176564,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Evabazerker,This is an amazing game that is chalenging at times but is truley just a game where if you can think through the problem then you will survive.
,Recommended,224760,8176856,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Emm,"A great, immersive and fun experience for everyone. The best game to pass time with."
,Recommended,224760,4833604,"Posted: 26 September, 2013",all,Nemeroth,Definitely a must have for any lover of Platformer/Puzzle games...this is a very beautifully designed game and deserves it's popularity. FAH SHO!
,Recommended,224760,8177684,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,floridalegend,Beautiful and enchanting.  I just bought a retro SNES usb controller which it plays perfectly on.  The puzzles are challenging and  diverse.  Best Steam purchase yet.
76561198041303431,Recommended,224760,8177805,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Nigeria is my city,Amazing
,Recommended,224760,8178022,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,MXMach,"It's a great game for such a small fez.Add little bit of mind puzzles, add a lot of colorful pixels, and an incredible little chap called Gomez.And what you get is a hypercube-like game. ""Bigger on the inside, smaller on the outside""."
76561198094594977,Recommended,224760,8180807,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Goku SSJ4,It's fun to play.
,Recommended,224760,8181578,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,nattiebumpo,"SO FREAKING BEUTIFUL.  This game has a very nostalgic feel.  As alot of people have I learned of it because of the movie ""Indie Game"".  If you haven't, you should.  But back to Fez.  You're character is adorable, and everything about this game is fun.  Lots of exploring, and lots of puzzles.  Nearly everyone I have shown my screen shots to has said ""That's so cute!"""
,Recommended,224760,8182842,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Chandler,"For some reason people hate Phil Fish but this game is really awesome and A+ platforming. Some of the puzzles are a little ridiculous but the platforming, music, and atmosphere is just ""fun"", so yeah. I say go for it."
,Recommended,224760,413080,"Posted: 8 September, 2013",all,CMDR_BAPSTA,8 bit wonderland...awesome....reminds me of nebulus...buy this game!!!!!
76561197995302449,Recommended,224760,9335707,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,ralarcon,"If you grew up playing such games like Super Mario Bros, Metroid, Zelda; you are going to love this game.It has the feel of Super Mario in terms of the controls and the general setting and feel good happy music but like Zelda and Metroid; I love the fact that there are hints given a long the way and clues around the place but it takes a lot of head scratching and going around a maze of portals to put it all together. Thankfully now a days you just have to look up on the internet for walkthroughs; but back in the day it meant days of frustration and waiting for the latest issue of popular game magazines, saturday TV game review programs or school chats with friends to get to the bottom of some games."
76561198083363463,Recommended,224760,9339964,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Josh,"Not sure what to say, nothing else that i know of like it. Is it a must own ? Yes but not something you have to go out of your way to own right away, hope that helps"
76561198074193545,Recommended,224760,9342035,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,El Cocko Ringo,"Awesome game, some of the puzzles are tough. The platforming is flawless"
76561198048559745,Recommended,224760,5363584,"Posted: 24 May, 2013",all,Rickenbacker,One of the best platformers I have ever played.
76561198128463820,Recommended,224760,9346714,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Etheariak,Awesome graphics and great use of all 4 dimensions
76561198053207789,Recommended,224760,9266637,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,SlipJig,Possibly the most Indie game in existence
,Recommended,224760,9283700,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Reimochi,"Fresh gameplay mechanics, creative thinking, very smart and at times quite difficult to figure out. Interesting well-rounded game."
,Recommended,224760,9235358,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,jasongyorog,"WARNING! By ""Full controller support"" they apparently mean you must have an Xbox 360 controller or software that pretends to be one. This game does not support mapping to arbitrary gamepad buttons, such as ANYONE USING A NON MICROSOFT gamepad might expect."
,Recommended,224760,9250859,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Thunder Kraken,This game is AMAZING i strongly recomend this
76561198049839465,Recommended,224760,9163815,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Spork182,"A brilliantly imaginative platformer with a brilliant ""twist"" likely one of the best games I have ever found or played!  I recomend if you havent got it yet, get it, and if you do have it, play it more!"
,Recommended,224760,7265957,"Posted: 6 September, 2013",all,earth2brux,"FEZ is not quite like anything I've ever played before, but I'm really enjoying its way of making you think in 3D whie playing on a 2D level."
,Recommended,224760,9174341,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,EnexS02,"FEZ is a game that is appealing almost only because of its gameplay, but i need to say that the idea of a 2D game that changes to 3D is absolutely mind-blowing, the platforming is coll and well designed, the puzzles are Hard and you would have quite some trouble to beat the game on your on, the changing dimensions aspect makes you think and try different approaches to some cleaver puzzles, and some of them even need outgame things to solve such as read a QR-Code, I'm talking much about it's gameplay but the Art in it is really pretty creating a joyfull environment to it, is the king of work that shows all the beautiful things you can make with pixel art, making a lot of different worlds to see and explore, all of them with different themes, to sum up FEZ is a Hard puzzle game with platforming elements and a Beautiful work of art."
,Recommended,224760,8735042,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Dinkus,"This game is awesome!  This game has seriously stunning gameplay and seriously stunning graphics even though the game is 8-bit.  This game has stellar mechanics too such turning the world 90 degrees.  This game also has a great job of telling you if you went into a door or not.  Well even though the game has pictures from the Xbox 360 Arcade edition,  I would still buy it if I were you.Final score: 10 out of 10"
76561197998682254,Recommended,224760,8798509,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Dante,best indie game
,Recommended,224760,8786231,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Del Mingus,"What looks like a simple game at first glance is actually a lot deeper and more complex than you'd expect. You play as Gomez who lives in a 2D world but one day finds out about the third dimension.This 3D element is the games main element. You play each level with a 2D view but can rotate the level around to change the perspective which you'll need to do navigate through the levels. It's a fun mechanic and utilized really well in the game. There's a lot of puzzles and secrets in the game to find and since you can't collect everything in the first playthrough (unless you look at a guide) theres a reason to play again. My only complaint about the game is some of the solutions to the puzzles aren't very intuitive. For example there are puzzles that require you to be a bit clever with cryptography to solve (i'm not so i had to lok up the meanings of the symbols to help me) and you'll need a QR scanner for some. But that said it is good to see an a good attempt to make challenging and interesting puzzles.As for the look of the game, the visuals look simple but still manages to look great with some colourful and beautifully designed levels and backgrounds.To summarize this is a great game, with an original feel to it that's accessible but offers lots of secrets for the more determied to dig up. I'd give it an 8.5/10"
76561198113401296,Recommended,224760,8777798,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,TheTitaniumChancellor,"Fez is, I find, extremely unique. The game is very clearly inspired by classic platformers, but seems to have attempted to strip out the more stressful elements like lives and enemies, replacing them with heavy focus on atmosphere and something I can only describe as an aura of wonder, a sense that there are or have been much larger forces at work behind the scenes, which works extremely well. For a game advertised as a ambient experience, the gameplay is suprisingly functional and at times difficult, and the 3D elements function as a well-built, natural extention of a 2D genre, although at times it does feel a little gimmicky. The game does have it's flaws-the port seems to be a bit of a hack job, as the codes and such were not translated from the 360 controller, and the occational traditional block puzzle really doesn't seem to work at all, though that may be understandible given the mechanics. As well, the game seems considerably buggy, and it doesn't seem like it's going to get fixed anytime soon so be careful messing around with more than 2 moveable objects at once. Other then that, the game really knows what it's doing. As arrogant as Phil Fish can be, he knew what he wanted: a exploration of the boundraries of retro in the contemporary age and he got that in spades."
76561198074499253,Recommended,224760,10517001,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,PaperBryce,"Fez is an incredible puzzle game. Only a true problem solver could take on the many challenges  it throws at you. The bit graphics combined with the rotation feature really puts Fez on the unique side. A creative and large world is provided with abstract pixel art that leaves one submerged in fantasy. Music and sound effects can introduce nostalgia and wonderful melodic sounds for the ears. Fez puts players on the line of patients and critical thinking. Fez is a VERY recommended game to those who appreciate good art, puzzles, and tactics."
,Recommended,224760,10517339,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,it's it if is,"Awesome game, great story, just one problem. I get terrible lag."
76561197962083981,Recommended,224760,10458990,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Ezekiel 1508,"First off don't take in consideration my time play, as i played this so much on xbox ..This game is just awsome, and we need to help the creator for this game, as he canceled fez 2, due to financial problem.I find it very sad that games like minecraft got a chance to rise in this world, when fez was not able too. Im not here to say good or bad thing about an other game, but just to mention for 1 guy making all this, and getting in the kind of situation he went in... just sad.But hey nevermind the pittyTry Fez one of the best platformer of todays, with one of the best soundtrack for the kind and best of all , anyone can play fez! This is how you take nostalgia and turn it into something new and make everyone, older and newer gamers beeing able to enjoy it. Give it a try it is cheap at 9.99 but not its on special till june 16, nobody cant pass that"
,Recommended,224760,10461009,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,ᕕ( ᐛ )ᕗ,This game has shattered my mind.10/10
,Recommended,224760,10461217,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Yonk Coon,"Worth it for its full price. Another platformer that proves that no one's running out of unique gamesSure-- the idea isn't something revolutionary, but the way the game is put to together is FUNFlawless and rich controlsLike ledge grabbing and shimmying"
,Recommended,224760,10441594,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,MrDannyBlob,NG+ adds cool shades.10/10
,Recommended,224760,10442517,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Dru_P,it's p cool if u ask me
,Recommended,224760,10443428,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Keeks,"""it's gomez time"".....10/10"
,Recommended,224760,10443596,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Richard Nixon,fez is amazing and so much fun it is totally qorth the 2:49
,Recommended,224760,10454407,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,It's Dingle!,"Unique and refreshing gameplay, beautiful pixel art, and a great soundtrack; this game is a must in anyone's Steam library!"
,Recommended,224760,10454911,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,vhunter1991,FEZ is a great game! It really is something that enjoyable unlike Call of Duty or Assassin's Creed. I love this game and I can't get enough of it! 10/10 FEZ hats!
,Recommended,224760,10455548,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,hodot,"Holy crap, this game is mind blowingly awesome. I just got done playing it for 7 hours straight, a 7 hours well spent. Do yourself a favor and GET THIS GAME."
,Recommended,224760,10455643,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,DoggoMama,"This has to be the most amazing indie game I have ever had the privilage of owning. The sound design is phenomenal, the OST is breathtaking, and I love pixel games so +1 for that! The gameplay is very different from your standard game(WASD is used is an unexpected way)... It took some getting used to but the game play is very solid and the controls are easy to pick up on!The level design is very fun and fresh, it doesn't just give you a linear line and say ""Well... Looks like a level to me"" but it doesn't make you go insane with a super difficult level that you give up after 4 hours of head scratching. This is the best $9.99(not on sale) or $2.49 you will ever spend! I am going to go purchase the OST now... My money is burning a huge hole in my pocket at the moment so I must quench the fire.Fez is the best game of last year... 100/10 replay value, 100/10 sound design, 100/10 art style and 100/10 purchase value. Best game of 2013 goes to Fez. Just buy this game and thank me later, it is definitely worth it!!"
,Recommended,224760,7774403,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,xenonquark996,"For the type of player who wants to see their mind blown, this indie platformer is absolutely amazing."
,Recommended,224760,3937660,"Posted: 24 May, 2013",all,ZA5MAN,Think you're good resolving hieroglyphs? Try this game then.
,Recommended,224760,1826117,"Posted: 7 May, 2013",all,Blackcat,U mad. Deal with it !
76561198057232971,Recommended,224760,7489144,"Posted: 26 October, 2013",all,Lolmarty,"This game is about bending your realm and finding things. Super cool, so I recommend."
76561197966570368,Recommended,224760,249539,"Posted: 2 August, 2013",all,rubenatch,"Tampoco es para tanto el revuelo que se ha armado. Aunque lo de la tercera dimensión es una idea original, he visto mejores juegos de plataformas."
,Recommended,224760,3024205,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,Fragile Annihilator Neko-Sama!,Simply beautiful!
,Recommended,224760,3657095,"Posted: 30 September, 2013",all,Adspam,"Great Puzzle Game, fun to jump in and out of."
,Recommended,224760,7770336,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Beef Kaker,"Very charming and fun old school game with a fantastic twist on the 2.5D angle. There may well be some bugs but if you can fight past those you have a very witty, fun and warm game."
,Recommended,224760,2913694,"Posted: 9 August, 2013",all,Creamium,"I can't even begin to tell how much I love this game. The world of Fez is so big that you might  feel lost after a while. But it's so much fun to explore, that after a while you lose track of time. No fail states, no lives, no tension... Just one big, confusing world and you're left to explore it. In that sense it resembles ICO quite a bit, only Fez is more complex.As I'm playing this, there are a bunch of mysteries that I still hope to solve: what's with the strange drawings? The code language? The owls? Treasure maps? Will I ever figure out what this all means? Maybe not, but I'm sure I'll have the greatest time trying. Magnificent and unforgettable game."
,Recommended,224760,7766254,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,JukeNukem,"For someone like myself who grew up in the age of Mario platformers, this game is pure joy.  It's simultaneously innovative and nostalgic.  The perspective-switching will alternatingly make you feel like an idiot and a genius.  If you're the type to decipher codes and find secrets, this game is littered with them.  Finally cracking a secret passageway is a dopamine rush like you haven't experienced since rescuing Princess Peach from Bowser's Castle.  I played a 7 solid, glorious hours and could have played at least as many more if I'd wanted to be a completionist.For the enjoyment I got out of this game, I'd gladly pay $20.  If you're a child of the 80s, buy this game."
,Recommended,224760,7372677,"Posted: 12 October, 2013",all,Smitty Werben Jagerman Jensen,"This is a beautiful game. The visual style and the music are perfectly paired, and they are bothe pleasantly nostalgic for me. The game doesn't tell you much, but if you look arround and crack the cdoe, then the story unfolds before you into something that I foudn really interesting. It's a realy shame that the sequel was canceled."
76561198015392141,Recommended,224760,2978354,"Posted: 5 June, 2013",all,Fynch,trop bon
,Recommended,224760,446383,"Posted: 5 May, 2013",all,eltee,"One hell of an indie puzzle platformer.  Don't expect to solve everything, but you should give it your best effort to at least do the first play through without any outside help.  And yes boys and girls that likely means you are going to need to get a pen and some paper to take notes along the way, because there *will* be a test.(9.5/10)"
,Recommended,224760,962167,"Posted: 1 July, 2013",all,Hybrid,"One of the most brilliant and awe-inspiring gameplay mechanics I've ever seen. The non-linear progression leaves something to be desired, but everyone should at least play the first 15 minutes of this game!"
,Recommended,224760,2938763,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,Фида,"FEZ has a deceptive appearance as a cute platformer with a simple premise, but it is chock-full of rewards for those who are observant, logical, and inquisitive. If you aren't taking notes and busting your brain while playing this game, you are missing out on its real underlying beauty.Highly, HIGHLY recommended."
76561198025418408,Recommended,224760,3632090,"Posted: 19 September, 2013",all,Will Pwn 4 Food,"Most games that can advertise a mechanic as unique as FEZ's would reel you into a throwaway experience based on a gimic in order to take your money. However, here is a game saturated with heart and depth; every time you discover a new layer of intricacy, you will marvel at how much work was put into this experience"
,Recommended,224760,448498,"Posted: 3 June, 2013",all,Immunity,"Sure, why not."
,Recommended,224760,5252276,"Posted: 28 July, 2013",all,sarkycogs,"Pretty fun, interesting aesthetically. I wish there was more meat to the story."
,Recommended,224760,218658,"Posted: 6 May, 2013",all,Muffins,"Amazing game. It might look like a platformer and while you do move around in game like a platformer, FEZ is dyed in the wool adventure game in the likes of Zelda or, probably more aptly, Myst.Also, the 2d/3d rotation mechanic feels unique and special.Please give this one a try if you haven't already."
,Recommended,224760,7759066,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Shteger,One of the BEST puzzle and indie game I`ve ever seen
76561198066778998,Recommended,224760,6458494,"Posted: 12 July, 2013",all,M Y S T E R Y C U B,I would recommend this game to anyone who likes indie platformers or even just any  gamer. This soundtrack is amazing and really brings you into the world of fez. A very bright and fun game 10/10
,Recommended,224760,8894895,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Bow,Great game buy it.
76561198010641754,Recommended,224760,8896377,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,TopSum,Awesome.
76561198045133849,Recommended,224760,8896781,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,BarneyRound,Great game.  Had to look at the guide a few times because some of the puzzles in this game are crazy deep.
76561197984992587,Recommended,224760,8919695,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Doctor H Boogie,A good game.
,Recommended,224760,852077,"Posted: 7 June, 2013",all,Kid_A,"Очень красивый, интересный, необычный и ненапряжный платформер с открытым для исследования миром."
,Recommended,224760,8912706,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Kevin,Pretty cool game. The puzzles are mind boggling. xD
76561197997410835,Recommended,224760,1750067,"Posted: 24 September, 2013",all,SamFreeman,"BECAUSE SCREW THE MINDS PERCEPTION ! ( Don't play if high, :D )"
,Recommended,224760,8913949,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,lain,"FEZ is beautiful. It's music is amazing, it's puzzles are really creative and the design, well... beautiful and charismatic game!"
,Recommended,224760,9050899,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Doctor Flippers PhD,"In essence, a beautifully well shaped puzzle game. Fez not only takes a two-dimentional platformer to a whole new dimension, the creators of Fez took it to an even higher level. To a point where everything is nothing and nothing is everything. With simple details becoming subtle, but crutial to remember, the game becomes even deeper. With the extra work of adding a Fezian alphabet and counting system, a game which, at first, seemed typical of an indie game producer, ended up evolving into a masterpiece with many hours of engaging and interesting gameplay.As the player goes through the game, there are many things that may go through their head about the things around them. Things such as ""What are all these symbols?"" ""Whats with the gigantic owl staring at me?"" ""Why a Fez?"" among other things. As the player progresses, one by one these things seem to connect to each other. At certain points, the player can assume a connection between something leading to eventually figuring it out for sure. Once things are figured out, these elements can typically be seen recurring throughout the game, adding another layer to all the game offers.All in all, I believe the gamemakers of Fez did a brilliant job with this game. With it's simple artstyle, and its subtle little details, the game looks as amazing as it plays. The producers even went as far as to throw comedy and other literary devices that help to move the game along, causing it to become addicting. Althrough the game still has flaws and occasional bugs, I believe it is worth it one hundred and ten percent.I strongly reccomend anyone who enjoys puzzle games or platformers (or both!) to buy this game immediately."
,Recommended,224760,9122029,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,ThatGuyWhoGames,"Fez is a puzzle platformer where you have the ability to manuever a 2 dimensional environment using a fez that gives you the ability to alter the world on a 3 dimensional axis. If that doesn't make much sense, then imagine spinning an image 90 degrees to get a different perspective on it. The game uses this mechanic very well, and it makes for a very enjoyable puzzle game. But what makes this game so special however is the ambience and connection to the game you feel through the different areas you access, music, etc. This game presents no enemies to defeat, which adds to the atmosphere. I highly recommend this game to pretty much anyone. {it's more puzzle than platformer if the platformer part scares you, which it shouldn't.)"
76561198028582993,Recommended,224760,8959396,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Pyro,Great game. Tons of puzzles to engage on that will last you for hours. I definitely recommend this game but not to use external resources to solve the puzzles unless you are very stuck. It will ruin the experience.
,Recommended,224760,8961574,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Ricsta,"While Phil Fish must be applauded for the breadth and imagination of the levels, the game slows you down with some of the most obscure puzzles this side of a Valve ARG, and then asks too much of itself with twitch platforming levels that exceed the unresponsive controls. Where Fez exceeds is in pedestrian platforming, item collection and gentle puzzle solving. The game is obviously inspired by epic 2D platformers like Super Mario World, but in many areas it comes up short. Recommended if you don't mind missing out on a few of the more frustrating levels and don't mind looking up some of the harder puzzle solutions."
,Recommended,224760,8963011,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,oedaux,"Awesome game. Has an amazing pixel art style, great old school music and mind bending yet oddly relaxing gameplay. Perfect game to just kick back and let the hours melt away."
,Recommended,224760,5671266,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,Dr. Fetus,"Whatever you think about Phil Fish, you have to admit, he did make quite a game. Whether that game is a good one or not is up to you. I honestly didn't like it that much though. Don't expect a platformer out of FEZ. It's really a puzzle game. That said, the puzzles got way too meta for my tastes (one of the puzzles is decoding a QR code for instance), and a ton of them were simply different variations on decoding a button sequence, which you could only do by learning a form of pseudo language later on. There really weren't too many clever moments in this game for me. If you're hoping for Super Paper Mario like shenanigans with the whole perspective mechanic, you'll be disappointed. While you'll be using it a lot to navigate the world, there's not really too many clever ways to use it. Honestly, it felt like Phil Fish was trying to develop an alternate reality game instead of an actual video game. In fact, one of the puzzles was pretty much that, to the point where people gave up trying to solve it legitamately, and just outright brute forced it. It's honestly not for everybody, but if that all sounds good to you, by all means, go and get it."
76561197993550282,Recommended,224760,8943268,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,fremwise,"Luckily, cubes don't exist. Plus, you get a hat!"
,Recommended,224760,8946259,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,tramstheman,"This game is interesting. I love the colors and design. Very original (although apparently the mechanics were used in a mario game) mechanics and gameplay. Lots of secrets, however many of which involve making you work outside of the game which I'm not a big fan of. If im going to be fully emersed within a game world I don't want to have to delve back into reality to solve a puzzle. I shouldn't have to scan a QR code. That being said, I thouroughly enjoyed this game and recognize some genius puzzle and level design behind it. On the flip side, while some of the puzzles range from being insane, puzzles that involve shifting the 2d environment seem follow a pattern that you can discover within the first 10 minutes of playing. The game also lacks story line, which is fine for a puzzler, but with the amount of exploration and puzzling being done, some character dialouge would be nice inbetween the fourth and fifth time going back and forth between ""worlds"". Great game though, I recommend buying it for anyone who likes indie games or anyone who likes puzzlers, or anyone who likes new and interesting games with a fresh perspective. I only hope fez two gets made."
,Recommended,224760,8949557,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Trystalos,"A very abstract idea for a platformer, but it works really well. I really enjoyed playing this game!"
,Recommended,224760,8448048,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Sergio Alonso,"I thougth the biggest feature of Fez was its screen rotation.After playing it for a while, I noticed the biggest feature are the very intriguing and unique puzzles and the amazingly beatiful biomes. It's a game worth for its exploration value."
76561198037970525,Recommended,224760,8448137,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,darkmagic101,Best Puzzle Game I've played since Braid.  Even after you finish the game for the 1st time there is always something new that you will find.  Learning the puzzles of Fez will open your mind to thinking outside the box.  The puzzles and the story fit together so perfectly.  Its all about opening the mind and seeing the world in a different way.
,Recommended,224760,13330635,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Scylla,"Really fun, cute and smart"
76561198172273498,Recommended,224760,19356046,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Crippling Skeletor,"Very intuitive and original. Up to par with the Portal series in puzzle difficulty and satisfaction in solving them. The game is also extremely open and full of amazing environments in its world. Also, fezzes."
,Recommended,224760,19423550,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,starchboy,"Excellent, but you knew that already.Great mechanics, super well thought out puzzle game.Some of the puzzles are kind of trivia-related and I had to look up hints to figure them out, just fyi--but it didn't spoil the game! I'm just nit-picking here because there is very little to critique."
,Recommended,224760,19404599,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,TuxedoOxide,"Fez is a great game with a gimmick not seen in any other game to date. It's great looking and high-quality sprites, music and background alongside fantasitc paralax scrolling help to create an incredible world filled with great puzzles. The game is great, regardless of how bad a person the developer may be."
,Recommended,224760,10740692,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,SCROGGIN,Really great game with a suprisingly huge world map and an abundanc of puzzles and hidden codes to solve. Consistently keeps a relaxed feeling and the colors + music gives an atmosphere that's fresh and alive. It has a personality that's reminicent but also new and it's own entity. My only major peeve is that some of the puzzles are QR codes which can be annoying if you don't have a smart phone.
,Recommended,224760,19591905,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,Jesse,"Already completed this game once on xbox, I loved it so much I just had to play it again! It's rare I find games like that. It really stands out from other platformer games."
,Recommended,224760,19590075,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,supersnackbros [G.E.W.P],"Basically if you think it's gonna be fun, it will be. Not much else needs to be said. It's worth finding all 64 cubes just for the sense of satisfaction. Perhaps a bit to cryptic at times, but it IS a puzzle-platformer. It's worth your time if you like these types of games."
76561197973218214,Recommended,224760,19623796,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,bob-the-builder,"Like phil fish or not doesn't matter, Fez is a great game."
,Not Recommended,224760,19810270,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,StuartIsGod,"Fez. A game I really, really want to like but just can't seem to. Every now and then I'll re-download, re-Install and give it another shot but I just can't force myself to get into it.I normally like the platformers especially those thriving on the indie scene and Fez has some really nice touches.The Graphics... Ultra cute and reminisent of my era of gaming, the same can be said for the sound on opening a chest, hearing the Zelda like sound never fails to make me smile.The concept of the game sounds good but the reality it fails on so many levels. Simply put I find this game a chore to playThe main down point of this game for me is the ""Galatic Map"" It's one, if not ""the"" most unsensical piece of UI I have ever come across. I hate it with a passion, and using it ruins the explority nature of the game.Pros:SoundGraphicsConceptCons:MapUI in generalThe reality of the concept."
76561198165272219,Not Recommended,224760,19811875,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,ucetincan,"i didn't find the art to be fantastic, nor it's soundtrack to be worth buying a double-vinyl version. i am thinking all this hype and gossip behind the game made it look more than it is.the game flows in a relaxed way and the idea of a rotating the 2d world is purely brilliant. but this game didn't last long for me, as it seriously lacks a story or at least a purpose to follow... if i'm going to solve some puzzles just for the sake of solving, i would expect more from a game. sorry to all fez-lovers but i had more fun solving cross words."
,Recommended,224760,19574711,"Posted: 8 December, 2015",all,Synonym of Cinnamon,Very fun puzzle game. Can be quite a challenge for someone who cannot see things in 3 dimensions.
76561198205065453,Recommended,224760,19671524,"Posted: 13 December, 2015",all,tibbst3r,This game is wonderful. That is all.
,Recommended,224760,19642699,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Alexander,its definitely not even close to 8 or above but has very interesting secrets. 6/10
,Recommended,224760,8686623,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Quasimodo,"Whether or not Phil Fish is a victim of the industry, a massive♥♥♥♥♥♥ or just a man trying to make his way in this world, this game is absolutely beautiful."
,Recommended,224760,8687187,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Nitrohite,This game is so much fun. Really compelling story and gameplay. I really enjoyed how the game puts your brain to work. Really awesome puzzle-platformer.
,Recommended,224760,8515851,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,SSlack's Anime Grilfriend,"I can't even begin to describe this game. It's basically the visual equivalent of a paradox. A place within a place. Inception!, if you will. Just when you think there isn't anything else. Instantaneously! you are proven wrong... This game is so beautiful, so well done. By the mere glance, nothing. But a single MINUTE of gameplay, you KNOW that time & effort was put into this game. This game is time consuming and extremely...worth it."
,Recommended,224760,8829794,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Pomf ==3,It's like learning how to read all over again.. But more fun.
76561198025838564,Recommended,224760,8830111,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,cidgrad01,"Fez is great for anyone longing for a platformer that will evoke feelings of nostalgia without the shoddy controls & frustrating “roguelike” difficulty poisoning so many indie games these days. It will remind you of classic platformers from yesteryear while implementing modern improvements that make it more enjoyable to play.I will admit I have only played Fez for about an hour total, but only because I haven’t had the time to devote to it. This is a deceptively deep game that requires lots of exploration and backtracking to previous areas to find items you couldn’t access on your first visit. You’ll also find doors you can’t open yet which will require you to visit other areas to get more items to be able to unlock those doors. In other words, you will have to do a lot of remembering which area of which world certain things are so you can go back to them when you’re ready. That’s not a bad thing, just not the type of thing you can walk away from for a few weeks then come back to, because you will have forgotten what you were doing and where you were going next.The actual gameplay itself is great. Controls for moving Fez are good and spinning the world around is a very creative touch and makes this more than your typical 2D platformer. It gives the game more depth, too, as it becomes a puzzle game in addition to a platformer. It’s satisfying once you figure out the proper sequence of moves to reach that item which initially seemed inaccessible at first glance.If you like puzzles, platforming & exploration, Fez is the game for you. It will keep you joyously occupied for quite a while."
76561197998543471,Recommended,224760,8831317,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,ChrisJPD,Definitely in my top 5!
76561198050760963,Recommended,224760,9157562,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Mister,"Beautiful graphics combined with compelling music and intriguing puzzles make a masterpiece like this. A simple goal that is hard to reach, this game requires patience, knowledge, and yes, you're going to need a guide. This is my favorite game, but don't take my opinion. Buy it and see how you like it."
,Recommended,224760,9159161,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,Scorch,"I hope you're in the mood for notetaking, because FEZ demands it. There are so many secrets to be found and enviroments to explore that it is incredibly easy to lose your way. The gameplay mechanics are awesome and make me yearn for a sequel..."
,Recommended,224760,9162055,"Posted: 17 February, 2014",all,dyxxon,"FEZ is proof that if a game mechanic is really unique, you can make an entire game out of it that never stops making you think. It's the most interesting puzzle platformer I've played, and the art is gorgeous."
76561198060760163,Recommended,224760,8709023,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,kyina-lok,"Its rare to find a game that stands out quite like this one, starting as a simple platformer you explore, talk to old friends then alter the fabric of reality in ways you could have never expected leading you on a quest to repair the cube and see the world in ways you never thought possible.A solid soundtrack, amazing visuals, an array of simple to amazing puzzles and solid controls. Fez is a game like none other and one I almost wish I never played just so I have a chance to feel that fresh wonder all over again."
76561198096009440,Recommended,224760,8713114,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,kkurbjun,This is a great game - the Linux port is flawless.
,Recommended,224760,8713151,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,RollFizzlebeef,This game is a really great showcase for indie development in Steam. The sound design is top-notch. Level design is stellar. Best $2.50 I ever spent.
76561197999757816,Recommended,224760,8713736,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,LoRdOfThEn0oBs,"This is hands down the best platformer I've ever played. Rich with wonderful visuals, amazing soundtrack, and lots of challenges and puzzles to overcome. If anything you'll buy this game and you won't regret it! Be sure to get the soundtrack too because there are some really great tunes in this game that you'll want to hear outside of gameplay."
,Recommended,224760,8769756,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Deimos,Successfully innovative platformer with some beautiful imagery and great soundtrack.
76561198065607263,Recommended,224760,7685974,"Posted: 17 November, 2013",all,hoohahfox,Super Colorful Y'all
,Recommended,224760,9816697,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,rettshift,"A fun and challanging puzzle game. It looks great, sounds great, plays great, and is hard as hell if you want to get everything. It is definitely worth the price and is a great game. 9/10"
76561198038377857,Recommended,224760,9716502,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,DANK MEMES,"Fett nice spel asså, lätt värt pengarna!!!!"
,Recommended,224760,9741177,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,see.ess777,"This game is very fun. It can get confusing at times and it's easy to get lost, but what can you expect.. It's  a puzzle game and a darn good one!"
,Recommended,224760,9837185,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,Rainbow Flying Unicorn,"The concept of this game is awesome, the game play is smooth, it's cute, and it keeps my attention for hoursssss. The only downside, for some reason it won't run on my laptop. ;__;"
,Not Recommended,224760,9568105,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Sundance Kid,"Extreme lag, want money back.I have a great computer too. It's bad enough i gave money to phil fish but the game won't even work?Don't waste your money because chances are you will probably wind up like 40% of the fez community....but if it does work great game from what i've heard!"
76561198011185973,Recommended,224760,9304977,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Bono,"One of the best platformers I've ever played. The mood of the game is so relaxing, and the gameplay is a nice change of pace."
76561198102349434,Recommended,224760,9309456,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Ricecrispy,really good game. after player only an hour i was solving puzzles and doing alot of exploration. so all you haters on phil fish. SHUT UP! he has made a great game here
,Not Recommended,224760,9793581,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Randy F. Smash,"Visuals and atmosphere are nice, but gameplay is uninteresting. The rotation mechanic doesn't actually make for very stimulating puzzles; it gets repetitive very quickly. Also,, translating messages written in the game's alphabet is tedious."
,Recommended,224760,9797574,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,jRR,Fantastic puzzle game. Beautiful art. Enough story to keep you pushing through the puzzles. And the puzzles themselves are amazingly complicated yet simple. A must play.
,Recommended,224760,6464501,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,soupuhman,VERY GOOD GAME
76561198076832097,Recommended,224760,7677376,"Posted: 16 November, 2013",all,CaptianKiwi,Awesome. Just Awesome.
76561197960434898,Recommended,224760,9146943,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Meow Mix,"A refreshing game that's focused mainly on exploration instead of combat or platforming.  Its graphics style embraces the concept of ""less is more,"" but the creative environments left me more impressed than most AAA titles out there now.Beating the game with the normal ending is pretty straightforward, but getting 100% completion is another matter.  Most puzzles can be reasoned out with enough time, but some are Riven-esque in the worst sense of the word.  There is no way you'll solve some puzzles without having to look for help online.  That and some occasional bugs mar an otherwise perfect game."
,Recommended,224760,5578176,"Posted: 12 July, 2013",all,Frezcodelasol,"BUY IT BUY IT BUY IT, You won't regret buying FEZ"
76561198026318564,Recommended,224760,9327707,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Abdulamite,This♥♥♥♥♥♥is hela trippy bruh. Like c'mon. Get it.
,Recommended,224760,5502210,"Posted: 4 May, 2013",all,satie,yaya 3D waw 10/9
,Recommended,224760,10881364,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Sam,"Great game......weird, wacky, and crazily addictive"
,Recommended,224760,19101781,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Comandeer,!! Masterpiece !!
76561198255992036,Recommended,224760,19100057,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,MrFluffles,I love it
,Recommended,224760,19109999,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Hus,"If you liked Braid or Super Meat Boy, you will definitely Love this game"
,Recommended,224760,7548876,"Posted: 2 November, 2013",all,Red Panda Man,A 3D platformer in which you wear a fez to switch the plains of reality? SIGN ME UP!
,Recommended,224760,18993649,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Lorelolll,Fez oq?
76561198217889581,Recommended,224760,18997696,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,MLG Certified 360 yy No-scoper,"Great game. This game is the GOAT. Its really hard, not so much from the platformer aspect, but the puzzle part of the game. Its really rewarding figuring out a puzzle on your own, but there is no shame in looking most of them up because they are really cryptic and hard. That being said there is still a rewarding feel to this game and the game as a whole just feels happy with the random animals running around on the ground and stuff idk how to explain it. Pretty good port although I would reccomend plaing with a 360 controller. If its on sale get it."
,Recommended,224760,19084722,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,EnderCore2000,"This game is fricking amazing. The graphics are perfect. The music is perfect. The gameplay is great too, with the sole purpose of making you question everything you ever knew about life! Also, your game crashes at the beginning. ON PURPOSE! DO YOU KNOW HOW AMAZING THAT IS?!?!? Just everything about this is perfect. Got it for 2 bucks, but worth the 10. Yup, it's worth it.10/10"
,Recommended,224760,19082906,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,yaqona2,EPIC! It blew my mind.With all its mind twisting puzzles my favorite was the time area. but the weirdest thing the haunted area where you go inside the room and you walk out into a graveyard! What? Also I love the soundtrack.
,Recommended,224760,19049501,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,shark tale himself,Best platformer I've ever played 10/10 - I can see why phil fish went insane making it
,Recommended,224760,19059342,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Coraline 仚,"It has a great soundtrack, great graphics and displays an original story, Fez makes you feel relax and gets you into the atmosphere of the game. One of my favorite games :)"
,Recommended,224760,19080813,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Damie Slacker Dogg,you can calm down after Cs:Go mm with russians. 10/10
,Recommended,224760,19081850,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,ebola-chan,"Colorful, fun, relaxing and cute, everything I could ask for in a nice puzzle game <3"
,Recommended,224760,12008158,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Masterfireheart,"100% this game on xbox, I really enjoyed the challenges I had to face like scanning the QR codes and finding that hidden room as well as the tetrinomi code.40/10 would play a non nintendo Paper Mario again."
76561198257541192,Recommended,224760,19042920,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,June,"If you like decrypting secret codes and mysterious symbols - this game is definitely for you. I was very excited when I decrypted numbers code myself, without using the guidelines.Also it is very interesting and beautiful platformer and exploration game, with lots of different areas and secrets. Although you can miss about 1/3 of them if you can't decipher the game language (but you can always look into wikis and guides :) )."
76561198066942504,Not Recommended,224760,19026220,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Eliakk and Mishka,"Seems like a fun game, but it doesn't work with mac. It runs and everything, but the room views are completley messed up and the graphics aren't quite right. It makes it unplayable because I am unable to see doors or items in rooms."
76561197990592646,Recommended,224760,18982573,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,jandarsun8,"Although this game can be played with mouse and keyboard, I really found it a lot easier with a controller (generally a mouse and keyboard person). I picked up a Logitech F310 which works perfect. Once that was done, this game is addicting. I put in the first hour without even realizing it. There is no actual save button but it auto saves all the time so you don't have to worry about that and it was easy to just jump in and go. For how cheap it is and how addictive it is, it's diff worth getting."
,Recommended,224760,18976116,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Kaddy,One of the best games I've ever played considering it was made essentially by a one-man team.  Unbelievable job!
76561198207998808,Recommended,224760,19008371,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Aefre [Taco],"Amazing. Cool art style, animations, and most of all, the gimick. Its all so creative and fun! Maybe one of the best games on steam!"
76561198036081246,Recommended,224760,17835656,"Posted: 1 September, 2015",all,S90KID,AMAZING !!!!!!
,Recommended,224760,1071924,"Posted: 1 May, 2013",all,kevinvwonderen,"This is art! Everything is intertwined in some way, truly an amazing game!"
,Recommended,224760,16388664,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,TheMaddiePistol,i quite like this game! it has fun game mechanic with the rotating perspectives and its quite pretty. If you're into open puzzle games i highly suggest it!
,Recommended,224760,16067904,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Vriska the Spider Serket,A little guy who runs around with a Fez on his head <3 happy to play this game
,Recommended,224760,16057529,"Posted: 29 May, 2015",all,Milk,Best ending scene I've ever seen.
76561198026699200,Recommended,224760,16251149,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Arrospide,Great game. Real little gem!
76561198100723893,Recommended,224760,16253700,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,clockwork0730,i love this game. i havent played to much of it but it has a wonderful feeling to it. there are so many places and things to explore anf its like ever new veiw is a new world. i give thanks to the maker for sacrificing his happiness to make this game possible :)
,Recommended,224760,16256528,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,DarkSalmon,Great but still having AMD graphics issues with 1.11. This games graphics are stunning with a lot of creativity and colour however in saying that the AMD graphics flicker issue that was meant to be patched still isnt fixed for me. The game itslef though is a great puzzle game but does leave you wandering a bit and also you can get lost pretty easily.
,Recommended,224760,16326731,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Feel the Bern,The only game where I had to take notes.
,Recommended,224760,16332522,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,SurrealGrimm,"Cute, creative and plain fun."
76561198080455499,Recommended,224760,16345181,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,LILPUMP - csgoroll.com,This game is AMAZING!! There is so much to explore and the gameplay and mechanics are phenomenal! The art is beautiful and the music sets the mood for the intricate world of FEZ. HIGHLY reccomended!!!--------
76561198101603478,Recommended,224760,16351232,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Roki,This is an awesome game. It's very beautiful. It will keep you buisy for hours.The design and the whole idea are briliant
76561198058897086,Recommended,224760,16353311,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,kylekohinga,FEZ is not only one of my favourite games. Its world is one of my favourite places to be.
,Recommended,224760,16566348,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,XODraco200732,"6.5/10This is a very clever little puzzle game. This game is a 2D platformer with a twist. The world is 3D and you can spin the environment around in order to re-arrange platforms to progress. It is very asthetic as it is filled with various bold colours which build preety locations. Everything in the game has a very pixelated style. The bold colours and pixel style make very memorable environments which is useful as you spend a lot of the game going back and forth through all of the different environments.There is a cute little story in the background, but at it's heart it is a diffucult puzzler.The game itself is very difficult. Not just because of platforming but the puzzles were difficult to work out. Do not let the look of this game fool you it can be very difficult (especially if you want to gain 100% of achievements).One thing that I was not too keen on was how easy it was to get lost and how often you had to return to previous environments. I will admit that I found some of the puzzles and achievements so hard I had to use a walkthrough quite a lot of the time.Overall a difficult, but cutsey and pretty little puzzler. I would reccommend this to people who love very diffcult, but engaging puzzle games. Especially for people who really want a challenge. I cannot really give it more than 7/10 as the game had me turn to walkthroughs a bit too much. I prefere to work things out for myself, however some of this game was just so hard to work out I did not have much of an option."
,Recommended,224760,16571711,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Secopree,"Some have asked the question: Can a video game be art? I myself at first didn't know the answer to the question.But after playing FEZ, my answer is a firm YES."
,Recommended,224760,16573774,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Big Man 27,"When i first launched the game, i thought it was a normal platformer. I was wrong. This is something special, The power to look behind mountains + buildings was pretty dang cool.8/10"
,Recommended,224760,16322810,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,El Jenso,Great 2D platformer with a cool 3D twist.
76561198110496229,Recommended,224760,10930365,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Jibbles,"I believe this game was overhyped.  That being said it's not a bad game.  My only complaint is how the levels are laid out (too scattered).  It get's a little repititive having to go back and forth which is why I took a break from it.  It's a simple beautiful game, grab it on sale.  I feel that there are many other games that I would prefer in the 10 dollar price range."
,Recommended,224760,16280481,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,max-soul,"FEZ is one of the best games i've played in my life. I hope you will love this colourful inspiring pixel world, tetris-like mythology and it's symbols, various mechanics, ways to interact with game and unforgettable puzzles as much as I did. This game surely will surprise you from the very beginning till the end.And beyond."
,Not Recommended,224760,16311692,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,think of a name later,"It's not really a puzzle game. You walk forward until you hit a dead end, press the rotate button until a new path appears, and repeat until it's over. The big puzzle that got most of this games original publicity is crypto in nature and serves to artificially inflates the game's length.It's pretty, but it's barely a game."
,Recommended,224760,16313492,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Ezra,"This is one of my favorite games ever. First off it has an amazing world with some of the best pixel art you will ever see. The main mechanic is super clever and in my opinion never loses it's charm, being fun until the end of the game. The game can be beaten fairly quickly, but to get everything you'll need to play a reaaally long time (also it's hard as♥♥♥♥♥♥ you should try to solve the more complicated puzzles on your own but there is no shame in getting help)"
,Recommended,224760,2624821,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,ZEML,"Amazing. If you like platformers or puzzle games, this is for you."
76561197963182936,Recommended,224760,19942639,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,S. Pibbles,Flatland: the Game.
,Recommended,224760,19924175,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,j r bolton,"This game is an amazing multi sensory delight and perfectly captured my itch for exploration and discovery. The visuals are consistently captivating and the music is a raw oscillating synth bath. I wish there were more and better puzzles, as most of them require random esoteric side knowledge, and the actual gameplay doesn't compare to something like Braid. But a great experience overall, 9/10"
,Not Recommended,224760,19944674,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Squidward-desu,"Pros-Potentially interesting game mechanicsCons-It's buggy and poorly optimized, for what it is."
,Recommended,224760,19990131,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Multiblake101,"I have found this game very fun. Not only has it enamored my 3D self, but also supplied a satiation of my 2D thirst. Definitely worth a try, and if you don't love it, then I'm sorry."
,Not Recommended,224760,20007649,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,aesthetic quest,"This game is really pretty and fun! But half of the time I have no idea where to go or what to do. There's also a lot of backtracking, which gets tedious after a while."
76561198025137573,Recommended,224760,11526784,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,anniey,.
,Recommended,224760,19953045,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,FearTheSheep,My brain hurts. This game is amazing!
,Recommended,224760,19953110,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,aksfjh,"I 100 percented this game, which is rare for me. It was a lot of fun. Excellent music that is light-hearted and adventurous,  puzzles that are challenging but not impossible (and there's always the internet), and mechanics that are fun to play with but not overwhelmingly hard to pick up. If you like puzzle platformers, I recommend getting this game."
,Recommended,224760,19953335,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,Jumblé,"Makes you think about how to figure it out, its like a huge puzzle, getting more complex and complex as you go. Get this game."
,Recommended,224760,19962101,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,HARU,10/10
76561198033605690,Recommended,224760,30661147,Posted: 21 March,all,animal,"I freaking adore this game. I'm not far in, but it feels like a masterpiece. Could easily go down as one of my favorites ever."
,Not Recommended,224760,19994150,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Reap,Indie game the movie funded this game in truth. Its actually more frustrating than fun. No replayability either
,Recommended,224760,13074176,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,lanatir,"FEZ is a quality modern platformer with a few nods to nostalgia for good measure. The polish is evident in the music, art, variety of locations, and the hidden riddles found in the world. There isn't any combat to speak of and death is inconsequential so the game is focused on exploration and puzzles. Don't expect to be challenged by difficult platforming and know that you will have to revisit locations after you've figured out certain aspects of the world of FEZ. The in-game map is quite useful for this as there is no hiding when you've left behind a secret."
,Not Recommended,224760,20012325,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Cowmanjoe1,what the hell the screen keeps glitchingwon't do anything when i press buttonsI can barely movei love this game but please fix this so my money isn't wasted
,Recommended,224760,20016472,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Paturages,"Stellar gameplay. Stellar soundtrack. Stellar graphics, if you like 8-bit. A true work of art, in every sense of the term.Do keep in mind the difficulty is quite a bit higher than average. Also, just Google the QR codes."
,Recommended,224760,18121018,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,=(eGO)= toxiclaw_,"MAKE SURE YOU HAVE A BEEFY COMPUTER BEFORE YOU PLAY!Edit (Note: got a Nvidia graphics card, game works like a charm):This game is amazing.Pros:Amazing graphicsWell composed music and VERY dynamicAbility to rotate 2D world in ways which let you solve puzzlesYou need to think through EVERYTHING you do because you cannot go back (music helps with this)There is much more, but I cannot put my finger on itCons:Need graphics cardControls are hard to get used to fullySuper stressfullI highly recommend this game to those who can play it. I have problems spending 10$ on games but maby you can spend that much money. I need a job. My life.Tip: ALWAYS check your map."
76561197968330774,Recommended,224760,309944,"Posted: 2 May, 2013",all,SuperJoyJoyFuntime,"I thought this would be stupid, but it's amazingly awesome.  I've never seen anyone implement 3D like this game has.  The developer must have taken some Steve Jobs acid or something."
,Recommended,224760,20337135,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,fenic8,"Adorable characters, raffinate visual design, intriguing game mechanics. I enjoyed it."
,Recommended,224760,20341070,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Reiclag,How to beat the game in 4 steps:1. Jump around.2. Collect every floating yellow thing you see.3. Repeat steps 1 and 2 until you can't reach a platform.4. Bend spacetime until you can.8.9/10
76561198035059511,Recommended,224760,12502446,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,SquidWeft,"Set in a world where there are villagers that make weird sounds and a main character who wears a Fez (Fez are cool), it's an enjoyable game where you literally have to twist the world around to be able to get cubes. Yes, cubes. As you go along, it becomes more challenging and treacherous. Not to forget the amazing soundtracks it offers. A great game that i would definitely recommend"
76561198085008662,Recommended,224760,16230211,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Galaxamus,This game makes me look at life in a whole new...point of view.
76561198053976398,Recommended,224760,16230415,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,[ betadot ],The music is really good and the gameplay is fun. It is an effective idea.
76561198042359813,Recommended,224760,16234218,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,skatingat,cool
76561198027154531,Recommended,224760,16281396,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Tim,"Phil Fish may be an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, but this game is great.  Both the music and art style are epic, and the gameplay borrows a myriad tropes from the ""collect-a-thon"" genre (along with drawing inspiration from classic platformers).  I still have yet to 100% the game.  I need to do that... someday... in the next 30 years."
,Recommended,224760,16283159,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Dylan,"Most confusing game Ive ever played, but still fun"
,Recommended,224760,16284084,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,ReplayMVP,"10/10 would play again and I actually am playing it again to get all of the achievements.The gameplay is smooth and straightforward. It's an adeventure full of mind boggling puzzles and hidden secrets. What more could any indie gamer want?! As a lover of old school 8-bit gaming, I found the graphics in this game to really be incredible, especially in terms of perspective shifting. It was visually aesthetic and mind-blowing."
76561198152231431,Recommended,224760,16284751,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Eukaryotic,"Teacher: Alrighty, class, let's learn about math!The board has an equation :2d platformer + 3d perspectives + awesome puzzles + just a cute little protagonist named Gomez =ATeacher: Class, can you answer the equation?Class: Fez!Oh, yeah, there are water levels. Reminisce to Zelda Ocarina of Time's Water Temple..... *groan*"
,Recommended,224760,16285954,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Gamer4Life137,"FEZ is a difficult game to put into words. Brilliantly unique. Masterfully crafted. Wonderfully beautiful. Could not recommend this game more. If you have not played it, PLAY IT. If you have, PLAY IT AGAIN. It's worth your time and your money (especially if it goes on sale)."
,Recommended,224760,16286384,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Galbutorix,Get this game! If you enjoy indie games then you have found a masterpiece. Easily worth $109.5/10
,Recommended,224760,16270237,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,Cornotiberious,very good
,Recommended,224760,16270936,"Posted: 8 June, 2015",all,ChaoticGOD,"FEZ is one of the best games I have played in a long time. It's a great game that really opens your mind up with hidden little puzzles and secrets in every single level and has a story that is absolutely amazing it will blow your mind. I would suggest this game to everyone no matter what genre of games you play or like. This game has gorgeous scenery, amazing gameplay, and a brilliant storyline that would make anybody want to play it. This will go down as one of my all time favorites in gaming. If you have not played this game, please, buy it and check it out for yourself. You will not be dissapointed."
,Recommended,224760,16819993,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,IceyPie,"FEZ is one of my favorite 8-bit platformers, the music and graphics is beyond what i expected before i first got it.Im giving FEZ a 78, that is really good"
76561198079737794,Not Recommended,224760,16820121,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,The_Nick_Gurs,good on console just realy confusing controles on pc
,Recommended,224760,16828376,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,BurroMocho,That's the way we will feel if we land in a 4 dimensions world. And the music.
,Recommended,224760,16483361,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,BdB,This game has some really well made puzzles that require quite a bit of thought other than just simple platforming. Haven't finished the game yet but already have 7 hours on record and am trying to get every collectible in the game. Definititely worth getting if you like puzzles/platforming.
,Recommended,224760,16489497,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,samfro,"Beautiful visuals, soundtrack, and gameplay. Do NOT pass on this game!"
,Recommended,224760,3277534,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,[ FAP ] xARCT1CWOLFx,An awesome puzzle platformer. It's neat because you view the world as 2D but you explore the rest of the world as 3D by rotating the view. So you can find ways of climbing or getting objectives. Definitely check it out if you like puzzle platformers.
76561198197009499,Recommended,224760,16538302,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,flixology,"A Magical ExperienceFEZ is probably the first game I think of when I think about video games as an art form. True, there are other, more experimental games or interactive media out there which do a lot more in terms of mechanics (or lack thereof) to stretch the very idea of what a game is, express a more philosophical theme, or tell a more detailed story. For me, though, whatever FEZ lacks in innovation, it more than makes up for in execution. While FEZ does have an interesting and somewhat (though not entirely) unique core mechanic, I don’t even think of this as the game’s defining aspect. To my mind, FEZ is pure atmosphere. Every other piece of the game is subsumed to this one key goal: to evoke and gradually develop different moods over the course of the game. It does this flawlessly, and takes advantage of some unique features of the medium to achieve this goal in a way that not many other games in the “atmospheric, artsy indie game” genre do.The fact that the player can essentially explore the whole world in a non-linear fashion means that they get to tell their own story, and craft their own unique experience. The game constantly and creatively comes up with new ways to use its unique mechanics in order to keep them from feeling stale or one-note, and the puzzles themselves are woven into the texture of the game in such a way that they serve to both intellectually and emotionally involve the player in the game’s world, pulling them into the incredible atmosphere of mystery and wonder that persists throughout the game. FEZ is, on the surface, very bare-bones story-wise, but in such a way as to leave many of its deepest secrets up to the player’s imagination. You have to be of a particular sort to like this type of story-telling in the first place, but it’s particularly rewarding once you immerse yourself in the game’s world. All of this is delivered with a refreshing sense of humor and self-awareness. FEZ is very much a game that looks both forward and backward, acknowledging and embracing the history behind it, while at the same time poking fun at or putting new twists on old gaming concepts and paradigms. This allows FEZ to largely remain unencumbered with the sense of self-seriousness that pervades many another “atmospheric” title, and explore a very different emotional landscape. This all culminates to make FEZ a singular and unique gaming experience, one which filled me with a sense of mystery, wonder, and magic that I’ll never forget!I’d certainly be ignoring the elephant in the room if I didn’t at least briefly touch on the game and its’ creator’s troubled history before, during, and after its production and release. I’ll only say that the game is marvelous regardless of what one thinks of the people behind it, or the events that transpired after its release, and that any prejudices are best checked at the door when playing this game.On a more practical level, my one main criticism is that I did run into several bugs over the course of my playthrough, mostly minor, but some fairly severe. Be warned.The Bottom line:If you’re the sort who loves mystery, wonder, whimsy, and a sense of humor in a game that creatively and brain-bendingly manages to evoke an amazing atmosphere, I can unequivocally recommend this game to you!"
76561198080806638,Recommended,224760,16549808,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,ManaIV,"FEZ is a cute little character that is SUPER Fricken Awesome :DThis game is awesome to play and tests you a bit, letting you think of ways to minipulate the surroundings!Defenitly Worth Buying! but $10 is a bit pricy but still worth and Especially Worth it when on sale!!!I suggest best opion wait till sale :D"
76561198097675823,Recommended,224760,20784050,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Izumi Sena,"FEZ is a great game, its a 2d game in 3d, if you use the power of the hatyou can change the 3d layer you are playing, and it works flawlesslyyou believe it like a dream, a easy new perspective, this is a puzzle adventure gameand I recommend, a very good game+awesome unique gameplay+beautiful graphics+and I love the ending, so awesome, it reminds me the 20/20 ending from super hexagon+and that soundtrack wow you must hear that soundtrack, I love the soundtrack10/10 I love the idea of mixing 3d with 2d, if this sounds cool to you, give this game a try"
76561198085052093,Recommended,224760,20800951,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Gaming_cml,Awesome Game!!!
,Not Recommended,224760,20808618,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Menel,"Crashes on startup, can't play."
,Recommended,224760,20805616,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,Onomono,"This game is awesome, puzzles are intense, graphics are catchy, and it's really addictive tbh. In this game, you are gathering little yellow cubes to combine them into a ""big"" yellow cubes and with these big yellow cubes you get permission to the gates and enter some new adventures. I really recommend you to buy this game, you won't be disappointed :)"
,Recommended,224760,20807040,"Posted: 28 January, 2016",all,DatsonBatson,This game is a good game. You may have heard terrible things about the developer. They are true statements. But some ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ made a cool game. Let's just forget what he did after making it.
,Not Recommended,224760,17064573,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,aids,"Fez sucks, just like the developer.Gameplay- Somewhat interesting concept that quickly becomes boring and nauseating. Levels are nearly all the same, with hardly any new additions or challenges, making the game boring very quickly. HE PUT FALLING DAMAGE IN HIS MOTHER♥♥♥♥ING 2D PLATFORM GAME??Story- What story? I don't think cubes stopping the universe from collapsing is a story.Characters- Thanks for ripping off Navi, ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.Music- Ehhh, I've heard better.Difficulty- Incredibly easy, but pretty confusing, with no map or indication of where to go.Overall- Fez starts out interesting but descends into repetition and nausea. I couldn't even play it for a full hour before deciding that it sucked. Not to mention that the developer, Phil Fish, is a whiny♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥that left the internet because his fans wanted a sequel to Fez.2/10"
,Recommended,224760,20785838,"Posted: 27 January, 2016",all,Couchstyle,"This is one of those games where the gameplay makes you think and challenges you to excel past areas. But doesn't burden you for making a mistake or dying, there are no lifes, no health and little frustration. This game takes us back to when games were purely fun, not for the sake of a competitive nature or skillful abilities.I remain playing Fez because it's a massive puzzle game that doesn't (or shouldn't) make you feel frustrated about playing it. Diasterpiece's soundtrack helps to make this game a complete immersive world, one in which has a strong cult following for one reason.It's all in all a very great game to play, complete and complete again."
,Recommended,224760,5440739,"Posted: 30 July, 2013",all,Reginald Thundercrackers,MUST BUY ALL THE INDIE GAMES!!
76561197999280165,Recommended,224760,20497703,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,I love you,"I enjoyed FEZ thoroughly. The number of goals in the game was a substantial and satisfying amount, especially considering the low game price.  The fact that the game doesn't punish the player for making mistakes is refreshing to me. It takes away some of the old school difficulty I may have enjoyed as a kid, but as a ""busy adult"" I don't have the patience for sequence repetition and memorization. The problem solving in the game is the type that I enjoy, to the point that I played much of the game practically in a state of obsession.There are a few downsides to this game:This is an idie game. As such, I can tell there is less play testing, and fewer producer types saying ""this game dynamic doesn't have enough of a broad appeal."" That makes for a game with an uneven difficulty (especially toward the end). Some puzzles were over my head, and they left me feeling a bit disappointed. But sometimes that is the price of a game that ""makes you feel smart"" (especially when there is less play testing).I think this game is best for obsessive types who enjoy logic puzzles."
,Recommended,224760,20573044,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,^0hR| [^7God^0bo^5y^0^^],"Maybe the BEST 2D game with a hidden mechanic that I've ever played.  Couple that to Disasterpeace's music and it's game, set, match.  Absolutely involving and with a wonderful amount of content- both hidden and otherwise.  Well done.  Certainly one of the most memorable gaming experiences in the last 20 years of computer gaming."
76561198076425292,Recommended,224760,20535930,"Posted: 14 January, 2016",all,KitamuraP,"FEZ is the combination of great game mechanics, music and art style. I would rather call it an exploration game instead of a platformer, you can just casually go here and there, discovering new places and admire the beatiful atmosphere, so vivid yet (most of the time) peaceful. I wouldn't use the word fun to describe the title, for to me, the game is more soothing than fun.But nevertheless the game is fun. The puzzles are clever, some of them hard, but all are rewarding to solve, nothing counter-intruitive or ridiculous.All thanks to Phil Fish that we get to play this masterpiece of a game. Credits also goes to Disasterpiece for their intriguing music, without it the game wouldn't be as good.I just don't understand the Fish hate, which killed FEZ2, good job guys.MURDERERS"
,Recommended,224760,20517624,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,therabbitsquid,SO MANY ROOMS SO MUCH TO DO WITH SUCH AN UN HELPFUL GUIDE! I LOOOOVE IIIIIIIT just when you think you reached the end of a certain part of a map it breaks off into 3 tangents! and each one will have rooms off of it! not to mention the 3 d 2 d platforming is flawless the game is beautiful with transitions from night to
,Recommended,224760,20496721,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,gold magikarp best magikarp,Simple and fancy graphics9.5/10
,Not Recommended,224760,8392358,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Terath,Do not give this baby man more binky money.
76561198129407268,Recommended,224760,20544479,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Deemo,"A charming, inventive little platformer. The 2D/3D perception flip is a wonder to behold. The initial game feels accessible enough that anyone can play and enjoy it without getting frustrated. But the 100% completion stuff is more suited for the achievement hunter who likes a bit more challenge. (A ridiculous amount of challenge.)The visuals are colrful and immersive, and the environments and animation bring a great deal of personality to the game. Overall, it's definitely worth your time."
,Not Recommended,224760,20548869,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,_askmeu_,i would like to like this game i really would but its to hard off the bat and dosen't explain alot of the mechanics and the controls are horrendously bad i swear youll probley get carpal tunnel other might disagree and thats your choice.
,Recommended,224760,20598719,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Basil Grows,Lovely puzzle game. <3 Highly recommend for pretty graphics and interesting problem solving.
,Recommended,224760,20713350,"Posted: 23 January, 2016",all,LeJew,Epic.
76561198160426208,Recommended,224760,20839281,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,EbucKibur,"In the beginning, man invented 2d graphics. He then evolved to produce 3d graphics. This game introduced a tactic I have never seen in a platformer which utilizes perspective to produce a fun but very VERY difficult and puzzling game."
,Recommended,224760,20835629,"Posted: 29 January, 2016",all,Llama,♥♥♥♥ING AMAZING GAME NOTHING LIKE IT I LOVE IT MORE THAN WATER AND BASIC NECCESITIES
,Recommended,224760,16615800,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,furr0w,It's so easy to get lost in the beauty of this game.Stop and smell the flowers. Play this game.
76561197999015480,Recommended,224760,16586341,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,the80srobot,FEZ recreates the child-like wonder I felt playing video games before the Internet was around. Every detail of this game is filled with such joy and love for video games it's no wonder that it took years to make: it's worth it.
,Recommended,224760,16586997,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,Sovadea,"Leaves me speechless no matter how frustrated I get while in game. The scenery, the active backgrounds and music.I've grown even fonder to pixel graphic games such as this.E v e r y t h i n g  a b o u t  t h i s  g a m e  I   e n j o y."
,Recommended,224760,16588281,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,มนากร,FEZปวดหัวดีครับเกมนี้เล่นไป เล่นไปนี้เครียด เอาดื้อ ๆ ได้เลย ๕๕ยากในระดับหนึ่ง แต่ก็สนุกเพลินด่านเยอะดี ความปวดหัวมาเต็ม ๕๕ก็เป็นเกม puzzle อะนะ คือมัน puzzle ในระดับหนึ่งเลยประเทืองปัญญาดีครับ เป็นเกมที่สนุกตลอดจนเล่นจบทีเดียวตัวเกมมีของลับซ้อนด้วยนะ แต่ผมไม่เข้าใจเงื่อนไขเท่าไหร่ (ดู youtube เขาทำกันแต่ผมทำไม่เป็น ไม่ค่อยอินเรื่องของลับ)มี community ที่เป็นจริงเป็นจังระดับหนึ่งนะ ๕๕ แต่ผมต้องมาจริงจังกับเกมแบบนี้เหรอ!สรุปแล้ว สนุกครับ ไม่แย่ ตอนซื้อมาคือซื้อมาด้วยอารมณ์สงสาร Devolop ที่มีข่าวที่เป็นประเด็นที่ผมสนใจแต่ทว่าพอได้เล่นแล้วก็ อเมซิ่งกับตัวเกมที่ทำออกมา ไม่ได้แย่ครับ เข้าขั้นดี ปวดหัวดี ๕๕
,Not Recommended,224760,16636737,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,aSAVAGElion,i like it but it crashed it was in a creepy way this cube broke and my computer changed colors
76561198044203114,Recommended,224760,16636907,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Timmah,Great game! Unique perspective system!
,Recommended,224760,16636974,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Gangzterhamzter,Getting lost simulator 2015
,Recommended,224760,16654037,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Volt Storm,"A 6 hours long atmospheric 2d puzzle platformer (mostly just ""find your way"") set in a 3d world, you flip dimensions when you want. Has a good feel, nice visual effects and a good soundtrack. It's world is divided into many level-ish sections, but it's kind of a metroidvania/open-world."
76561198004007502,Recommended,224760,16662108,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Xlord Pagan Cyberberserker,V GOOD GAME V RELAXINGV 2D BUT SUDDENLY V 3D
76561198067387558,Recommended,224760,10361194,"Posted: 5 June, 2014",all,Raduh?,"This game is creative, puzzling, adventurous, and engaging. I love the mechanics, the gameplay, and the overall story. although the plot isn't very deep, this game kept my attention very easily with its perplexing and colorful puzzles. 10 / 10"
,Recommended,224760,1849519,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,DraGonM,"Awesome sounds, musics, design and gameplay. Awesome game =)"
,Recommended,224760,16710031,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,"mess with Chen, get the horns","Beautiful concept, beautiful platformer. The puzzles get overly obnoxious, so unless you really, really like looking them up and grinding them out, you aren't going to 100% the game.It's a shame the developer was an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, because the game is a very solid, more relaxing style of platforming. If he made any more games I would be interested.The game gets a little tedious when you have to navigate back to areas to try and get more completion/areas unlocked. The levels aren't set up in a predictable way to navigate, so there can be nooks and crannies everywhere. The map does give you information on what you unlocked.Warning: If the save files get messed up, you can't recover them. There is almost an anti-cheat system on the damn saves, so you can't replace them with old files, or get Steam to update the cloud with old files."
76561198053053211,Recommended,224760,16772147,"Posted: 28 June, 2015",all,iMCFC,Brilliant little game with some depth.
,Recommended,224760,7856009,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Squinty John,"This is a neat platformer/puzzle game in which you change the viewing angle to solve puzzles!EDIT: Before you buy the game, research the game's creator, Phil Fish. You should know who you're giving your money to before you click 'purchase'."
76561198061791097,Recommended,224760,18321279,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Officer Nasty,"Even though Phil Fish is a horrible person, he can make a damn good exploratory puzzle platform. Puzzles can be incredibly cryptic at times which might put a few people off."
76561198041037783,Recommended,224760,4713894,"Posted: 5 May, 2013",all,Phany,Absolutely nice game
,Recommended,224760,18410379,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,themeasureoftruth,"For the full review, please visithttps://anguswatt.wordpress.com/2015/10/09/unimated-reviews-braid-and-fez/"
76561197988820366,Recommended,224760,1188840,"Posted: 25 May, 2013",all,Ravior,"One of the best current games. Adventure, puzzles which you can solve on your own if you just think hard enough. Two games for one. Awesome."
,Recommended,224760,18299118,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,LawnBuffalo,"This is by far the best side-scroller puzzle game I've ever played.  Even though I got this during the summer sale, it's worth every penny at full price."
76561198146443591,Recommended,224760,18290348,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Cursed You,"though that this game has been in developement for 4 whole years, it is extremely well designed. The button layout it very unique in some way though comfortable. And the gameplay mechanics are amazing!Also the pixel art has been done very well and you will be suprised how wonderfull this world is while you are rotating9/10 would buy"
76561198082133339,Recommended,224760,17083694,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Blackstar,"I almost didn't want to buy this game because I did not want to support the developer after his very public statements making it clear how much of an unlikeable d*ck he was, but I decided to get it anyway. It is a very innovative, fun, unique, and adorable game, and is deffinitely woth the purchase, even if you don't wish to support Phil Fish. 8.3/10"
,Not Recommended,224760,17085810,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Buksss,So this game is pretty cool but it was ruined in my opinion. The platforming element is fun and I think that if it weren't for some of the dumb puzzle design it would be a great game. At some points in the game you need to input a code ito the controller to advance. I don't know how you find these without a walkthrough but it's kinda dumb. Maybe if there was a little bit of an easier way to find these and they weren't needed to beat the game I would recommend it but unless you want to use  a walkthrough the whole time you don't want this game.P.S. Link to wlakthrough:http://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=144370815
,Recommended,224760,17190116,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Pieland100,"try getting 209% without help, and let me say good luck with that"
76561198114642419,Recommended,224760,17194696,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Sel,"Very Interesting 2D / 3D puzzle platformer. !WARNING! the game will look like it is crashing, this is suppose to happen.It is a very unique take on the 2D platformer. I recomend it."
,Recommended,224760,17194899,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Engifar,"This game would make it onto my top 10 list just for the graphics, not to mention a beautiful chiptune soundtrack. But the addition of intuitive, fresh new game mechanics makes this my game of the year. 10/10"
76561198046672440,Recommended,224760,17197285,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,neuron_kick,Beautiful game with some challenging puzzles and platforming.  You will not stop until you beat this game.  Highly recommended.
,Recommended,224760,17198303,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Coldsteak (IQ: 6),"Great game, super autistic developer."
76561198116911109,Recommended,224760,17227274,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,Odinin soturi,good
,Recommended,224760,17044337,"Posted: 14 July, 2015",all,newagebegins,"Fez is not about fighting or shooting - it's about exploring. You play as Gomez, who gained ability to use third dimension in his 2D world. He needs to find cubes that are hidden around. The game has many secrets. Art, music and sound maintain the atmosphere of a magical place. I liked this game and recommend it to everyone."
,Recommended,224760,6288428,"Posted: 11 August, 2013",all,coolbeansaaron,probably one of the best games I have ever played- the graphics are beautiful and the gameplay is simple and soothing- i highy suggest you get it
,Not Recommended,224760,17068998,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,gilburtgtr,"I honestly do not understand the hype surrounding this game. I found it boring and confusing. Perhaps I didn't play it long enough, but I could barely play on as I had so little interest in doing so. Really feel like I must be missing something, but I cannot recommend it. Plus the dev is an absolute ♥♥♥♥♥♥."
,Recommended,224760,16969232,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Melbelle,"What to say about FEZ that hasn't already been said...? Oh, I know.I just watched the preview for FEZ one day and decided ""Man, this looks like the perfect game for me."" I bought it just like that and played it little by little over the course of a few days, completing the entire game, and falling in love with it in the process.I suppose I am late to the party with this title entirely, but I can say one thing: FEZ is easily one of my favorite games in existence.I don't know what it is about this game, but I already want to play it again. I loved the puzzles and the challenge of discovering all the anti-cubes, maps, and artifacts/relics. I really, truly enjoyed the world and the characters. Gomez is seriously the cutest little thing. If ever there was a game I could see myself playing again and again and again, FEZ is it. c:"
76561198066553474,Recommended,224760,16945191,"Posted: 8 July, 2015",all,Trustno1,"What a cool wee game!EDIT:I take it all back! THIS GAME IS AWESOME!!! ""cool wee game"" doesnt even cut it! i 100% compelete this game with no plan in doing so what so ever but once i had completed it i was hooked!!I really hope they make a FEZ 2."
,Recommended,224760,17497355,"Posted: 11 August, 2015",all,Skantaq,"FEZ is a game that shines as the possibility of what a small team of developers can accomplish given the right inspiration. That's what FEZ is -- an inspired game. Inspired by mathematic wanderlust, the developers have a tale of trans-dimensional proportions to tell. Of a humble villager who leaves behind the only home he ever knew, to find that the world is a much bigger and grander place than he could ever have imagined -- other tribes, ancient civilizations who pondered geometric axioms, the movements of the planets, the nature of time. In their halls lie mysterious glyphs and runes, archives, schematics. All of which are quite secondary to the gameplay, but set FEZ apart from other 2D indie puzzle-platformers. It is set apart also by a catchy, atmospheric soundtrack, vibrant art design, and excellent pacing. The game is centered around exploration and gathering collectibles, an easy task, but harder riddles reward players who seek. FEZ is pervaded by a sense of mystery and wonderment, and the simple gameplay makes it easy to experience the lovingly-crafted game-world. So get on in there and see for yourself, and remember, don't trust the hypercube!"
,Recommended,224760,17320677,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,SheYi,Very good game! I think the idea of playing with dimensions very creative.The puzzles are challenging but unfortunatly badly enhanced for PC.If u wanna play it then better do it in a console or get a controller to get a complete experience on it.
,Recommended,224760,17326849,"Posted: 31 July, 2015",all,Rowlet99012,"A great 2D/3D Puzzle platformer exploration game made by one of the most antagonistically criticised* game developers.FEZ is a great game, No idea why people say otherwise.Let me sum it up...Explore....puzzle....Rotate....Collect....Thats about it.Phil Fish has Jammed this game with some of the cleverest puzzles.†Definitely highly recommended!†(Some of which require a controller as this games first appearance was on the XBox platform)*(For no reason)"
,Recommended,224760,17478516,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,Rook,"I absolutely loved my initial playthrough of FEZ.  Its dimension-shifting gimmick works wonderfully, and I happen to really like collectathons.  The platforming is about as pure as it gets, with interesting environments and no enemies appearing in the entire game.  There is also no handholding whatsoever--you can explore the world of FEZ in any way you choose.  The intro and outro cutscenes are inventive and bizarre, so they were a pleasure to watch.Casual playthroughs like my first one will be somewhat short.  Being a completionist, I returned to my save file and set out to collect everything I had missed.  Unfortunately, I soon became disappointed with the puzzle design, particularly for the ""anti-cubes"", which are supposed to be more difficult to obtain.As it turns out, the solutions are almost always a sequence of inputs that are written down for you somewhere (usually in that level, using an annoying made-up language).  Some of the puzzles are extremely difficult, tedious, and/or involved, and many are impossible on your first playthrough.  Clearly, a few were intended to require a community-wide effort, and I expect it was fun to work together to solve them when the game was first released, but nowadays, expecting players to use the internet to look up solutions is bad design.  Although it is possible to warp to certain locations in FEZ, getting to these puzzles generally takes just long enough that it would be slightly annoying to make your way back later, encouraging you to look up answers to these dull puzzles if you can't immediately figure them out.  I would much prefer more standard environmental puzzles."
76561198043943954,Recommended,224760,18011451,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Lecker Kebap,Fun game. Don't be tricked by the innocent start. This platformer gets quite complex with lots of great surprises. Love it! 9/10
,Recommended,224760,14272643,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Spookies,"I punched my computer when it ""crashed"".Thought that game was broken until I saw the Fez on my head.11/10 fake crashes"
,Not Recommended,224760,14248611,"Posted: 30 January, 2015",all,CyberGhost,I have a win 8 laptop plenty of storage and a good hard drive for games but this is the only game on my computer that crashed about 3 minutes in and i had to reboot my computer. either than that the game looked really fun!
,Recommended,224760,6782972,"Posted: 2 June, 2013",all,KUJO JOTARO,Fun game! :)
76561198031445014,Recommended,224760,14042306,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,sweetandcool,"FEZ is a great game to play in small bursts. The environment is very peaceful, and the puzzles are intricate. Lots of hidden material! Beating the game isn't much of a challenge, it only took me 8 hours, but finding all of the secrets is a difficult task indeed."
76561198123045461,Recommended,224760,14043958,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,The Delhision,"Though Fez itself may not be as well known or discused as the controvesy surrounding it, the game really deserves all the praise it can get.First off, this game is absolutely gorgeous, with incredible color and atmosphere and drop-dead amazing pixel art and animation this is by far one of the prettiest games out there.next, the innovative idea of having a mix of 3d and 2d level design is explored to its fullest with fantastic level design.finally, this game is a challange and a joy to play, with levels getting progresively tougher to finish while staying true to its natural learning curve, making it a great game for everybody.Pick this game up today!! (or when on sale)"
76561198080149132,Recommended,224760,14034538,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,mantistoboggan-md,screw phil fish but this game is great. highly recomended to play before you go to sleep
,Recommended,224760,14038877,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,darkelf2099,Highly entertaining all the way to the end. Puzzles are tricky and the game is sometimes unforgivingly tough but these challenges are well worth at the end.The visuals are top notch with each level having a style of their own together with an amazing soundtrack. A must buy if you like pixel art styled puzzle platformers with deep and vast stories.
76561198078818601,Recommended,224760,13952740,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,autocorr,"I'm not much of a fan for the creator, but I really enjoy Fez. The story is creative and the gameplay mechanics make it a unique platformer. The soundtrack is great too. The more controversial parts were actually some of my favorite. In the same vein as Myst, I love when games make you think so much that you have to start taking notes on a pad of paper. And I thought it was super fun deciphering the script and numeral system, then going about translating various things."
,Recommended,224760,13953138,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,LU1G,"Fantastic, clever and unique game. Amazing soundtrack. Thouroughly enjoyable."
,Recommended,224760,13947116,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,GoDiegoGo#SellOut CSGORoll.com,"When I got the demo for this game for the Xbox I really enjoyed the style of play and the actuall design and sound of the game was amazing. Now that I have the full version on the PC I was not dissapointed, every aspect of the game was great, the only minor complaint and it's partialy my fault is the story is a little wierd and hard to tell what is actually going on."
76561198108401203,Recommended,224760,14234044,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,J. Stonty Zcuflestein,"I'm surprised at what I bought.  It takes a simple concept and gives different perspectives (literally) with interesting puzzles and gameplay. It really nails a lot of aspects. If I had to complain about one thing is that the controls on keyboard are a little tricky to get used to. Other than that, this game is great. I give it a 9/10."
76561198052407238,Recommended,224760,14234783,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,🅑🅞🅧🅧🅨,Good stuff.  I haven't played if for long but am already in love.  Not fast paced and doesn't seem too hard to get the hang of.
,Not Recommended,224760,14167977,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,bandwidthoracle,"I didn't play this the longest, but it wasn't for me."
,Recommended,224760,14168283,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,ThemeParkLand,Is fez multiplayer awnser me noob scrubs
76561198043121932,Recommended,224760,14168464,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Jon Snow,kappa
,Recommended,224760,238374,"Posted: 27 May, 2013",all,Karmada,"Never mind what you may have heard about the creator, this is a fun little platformer  with a neat gimmick.  The puzzles can be weird and tricky though."
,Recommended,224760,14169439,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,★ Unimaginable,"good game, also makes you're brain think or(be a genius)! very fun in all!"
,Recommended,224760,64956,"Posted: 8 May, 2013",all,Ruzgfpegk,"When was the last time you had to get a pen and paper to finish a game?If you play FEZ seriously, you'll have to do it. And it feels great."
,Recommended,224760,14170241,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,CynEater,I shouldn't really write a review until I have finished the game…It’s an Epic puzzle platformer.It looks great plays great. You just need to collect cubes. Get enough and you make a bigger cube and open more levels. The levels all connect to each other.9/10 Fez is fun and a very relaxed game.
,Recommended,224760,14173076,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Quickpull,"Fez is a delightful adventure with a great style and tone that will sweep you up in spite of its simple appearence. The soundtrack is phenomenal, the gameplay is tight, and the puzzles range from east to just hard enough. Perfect for a game that is all about taking it in rather than banging your head against the controller."
76561198037914112,Recommended,224760,14216912,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Delade,"FEZ. What a game! I just laughed so hard the first time playing just because i couldn't believe that this all was happening. At first it felt strange because the game does not use the mouse, but after some minutes it is like you never were using a mouse anyway. All controlling is done by keyboard. The full 360 degrees puzzles are created in an amazing way, something you have never seen or experienced before. It is required to rotate the view of the puzzle to be able to find new ways to where you want and to achieve your goals. It is such a complex part software, nothing is copied from other games, lots of details (even undue the heavy pixel look) and all is working well. The worlds are so big that it is nearly impossible to keep all worlds and doors in your mind making it a bit heavier to complete the journeys. It is an attractive game to play with a nice soundtrack and day and night control and even controlled weather helping you to travel through the worlds. For example when it rains / thunders you can see some of the invisible steps which are leading to rewards.I really can't stop playing this game. It should be an example for every game developer, a game full of creativity and originality. Simple arcade puzzles but with secret harder puzzles for those who for example recognize the QR-code designed on a wall, scanning that brick showing information about how to complete the secret puzzle. A game as i never have seen before. I would recommend this game to anyone! Rating this game is easy: 10+!"
,Recommended,224760,14218869,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,KateJanzo,"Awesome game! Loved the concept, well excecuted. Can't wait to see more games!"
,Recommended,224760,14220637,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,Death Fox,I haven't gotten pass the first level and I love it. I look for secrets and I love turning the backgrounds.I recommend it to anyone who likes to find secrets and turn backgrounds.
76561198049390884,Recommended,224760,14019478,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,caesar40v,"FEZ is a great game!I can't understand the disappointment of some... I guess their expectations were far too high.The system is fun and after a few hours you even get used to the geography of the world.But for me, the thing going on between the gameplay is some of the craziest sh*t I've ever seen!The additional riddles can get quite hard, so I think it's legit  to have a peek on the internet from time to time for the people that don't have too much time for all the good games out there to spare."
76561198080279594,Recommended,224760,7429985,"Posted: 19 October, 2013",all,JU12000,"Good for a playthrough, and I'm talking about all the way through. Intuitive gameplay, sort of like Super Paper Mario on steroids. Fun puzzles, takes some serious logic to solve. Add that to the fact that it has great music and a cool graphic style, and this is an amazing game. 9/10"
76561198087552940,Recommended,224760,15499350,"Posted: 22 April, 2015",all,Ulrard,Hmm... where to start... This game has a verry confusing feel to it at first but once you ge the hang of it you really start to enjoy it more. this game is really like a giant puzzle with its many islands with different regions I myself have not finnished it yet but so far... it's great!
,Recommended,224760,15549703,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,ClockworkNinja,"FEZ is a very great game, and even though the creator does not have the best personality, I would recommend FEZ to anybody who likes atmospheric puzzle games, and easter egg hunting. If you can separate the game from the creator, then get this game now."
,Recommended,224760,15600647,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Raging Plan,one of my favourite indie games
,Recommended,224760,15767382,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,quique_uy,"The game is excellent. Original game mechanics, superb music and graphics.If you like open world adventures with tons of puzzles and secrets, this game is for you."
,Recommended,224760,15280830,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Ace,"This game is ABSOLUTELY AMAZING! The puzzle solving is very interesting, and the core gameplay mechanic (perspective changing) works very well. There are a few parts where you just can't figure out what to do (*cough*owl puzzle*cough*), but once you figure one thing out, everything else just fits.TRANSLATION SPOILERS:Pfft, it's more fun when you do it yourself! :)11/10 Highly reccomendP.S. Ignore my time played stat, I played most of the game offline. It took me 30 hrs and 24 mins to full clear (209.4%) the game."
,Recommended,224760,15708305,"Posted: 5 May, 2015",all,Psychotrome,"I love it!It's beautiful, it's fun, it's challenging, and cute. It's a work of art that deserves to be seen."
,Recommended,224760,15736462,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,PikaKarp,This game is very reminiscent of the old school platforming games on the SNES or NES and it adds a new dimension to it.Also the soundtrack is amazing
,Recommended,224760,15730234,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,d'awwtism,such a cute and fun puzzle game that's super rewarding when you finish it. regret not playing it sooner.
,Recommended,224760,14841232,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Cryo_,"Beautiful game, great artwork, great music and overall a great job on the gameplay and the final product. The game isn't slef-explanatory at all which I really like about FEZ because it makes the player actually use their brains.Great job Phil!"
,Recommended,224760,10939936,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Inquisitor Dankus Bortis,"I hate phil fish so much that i'm playing a torrented version of this game. and i seed it daily. please people, torrent it, don't give this♥♥♥♥♥♥your money. he's literally worse than hitler."
76561198035580869,Recommended,224760,14979131,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,The Simon,"FEZ. A very cheap but utterly delightful indie game. You might think it looks like a bog-standard platformer. I certainly did, until I played it and found out you could switch perspectives. By this I mean you can rotate the angles of the levels left and right.Say you're looking head on at a square, and you rotate it a little and you see its actually a cube. That's how it works in the game.You have to jump about finding glowing cubes which unlock special doors. From one side some are obviously out of reach, But then you turn the camera and see that that faraway platform is now just at your feet. This game has successfully cheated physics and depth. It's extremely clever and trippy. There are many puzzles which take advantage of these designs and leave your mind boggled.But it can be confusing, like those old RTS games where you switch the camera angle then you hardly recognize the place. And there are hundreds of different maps. There is a map hub screen, but it still leaves you guessing which door to go through to get to the place you want.The visuals are nice, colourful, retro. It looks like Minecraft during the 3D transitions. The synth music is nice too. There are some moments which remind me of the film 2001, particularly the ending. I had no idea what was going on but I ♥♥♥♥ing loved it. Definitely buy this. It's both a nice, innocent game for all to enjoy, and one of the essential games for fans of the indie or platformer genres.9/10"
76561198050335239,Recommended,224760,15459239,"Posted: 19 April, 2015",all,poph55,"Fez is probably the best single player game I have played in a long time. It encourages you to explore the beautiful world it provides, without making it an annoying task. The puzzle difficulty ranges from incredibly easy to incredibly hard with some of the hardest requiring you to have already beaten the game. The game looks beautiful and has good controls that allow you to maneuveur each stage however you see fit. The game is famous for its 2d 3d mechanic and it is executed flawlessly. No stage has any noticable problems or glitches and every zone has its own unique atmosphere and style. Although one can play Fez and collect 32 cubes and say they are finished, I highly recommend completing the game fully, 32 cubes, 32 anti cubes, 3 heart pieces. It really makes the game so much more enjoyable and satisfying."
76561198020617510,Recommended,224760,15469589,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,HyMyNameIsMatt,It's good.
76561198108740309,Recommended,224760,15429870,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,wilferd417,Learned what the world would look like in 3D.Got some cool shades.Died in lava countless times.Wore a fez.Loved it.
76561198054081420,Recommended,224760,15677196,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,MistaWhiskas,"A really fun, refreshing puzzle-platformer. Great art style and musical direction, not too hard and not too easy. A couple of the puzzles are a bit obscure and might require a quick Google, and there is one in particular that is really dumb (the clock one, so dumb), but otherwise you should be OK on your own. Took me around 10 hours to completely 100% the game, according to Steam.A genuinely nice change of pace from the hustle and bustle of faster paced games."
,Recommended,224760,11361448,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Suppoze,"Clearly the most amazing platformer I've ever played. The puzzles were clever and solving each one was really satisfying. Not to mention the secrets and mysteries that are still unsolved about this game. It is a true masterpiece, and it's a shame that Phil Fish let go of such an amazing an in-depth world.There is so much content in this game, I definitely recommend playing it. It's a mind♥♥♥♥ and a great exercise for your brain."
,Recommended,224760,11514044,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,Olievar | Indiana,"This game BLOWS YOUR MIND. All you need is the first few minutes of gameplay and you will be hooked unless you have no sense for awesome game concepts. If you've ever played monument valley then this will be farmiliar to you, sort of. I highly reccomend this game to everyone. One of the best games out there and encompasses everything great about gaming."
76561198072566291,Recommended,224760,11692284,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,*****powered.com.antis,"I played it through once, then suddenly it stopped working. Now when I start it, the frame rate is extremely low (around 2-4fps) and gets lower when there's a lot on the screen. It is unplayable."
76561198148147583,Recommended,224760,11682013,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Pocket Raven,This game is really awesome and makes you think. thats why I like it. I recomend this game for gamers that like solving puzzles.
,Recommended,224760,11682896,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,HourLaterJuke,"Fez is the most authentic exploration of the NES-era of games I've ever played, from its sound and visuals to its obtuseness. It uses the capabilities of current systems to take those ideas farther, while limiting itself with specific intentions, deploying scrutability in bits and pieces. It doesn't just love the games it borrows from — it understands them. It knows what it is, what it wants to be, and doesn't compromise on it. And for those willing to bury themselves in Fez's alien world and logic, there are plenty of treasures to be found."
76561198073660844,Recommended,224760,11673721,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Dany40000,Fez is very funny to play.It is a long but hard game that it will keep you entertained for weeks.I also liked very much the secrets areas and items from this game. I highly recommend you to play it!
,Not Recommended,224760,11673834,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Deanobeast,TL;DR - I just got boredLonger story - I bought the game as a follow up to the hype and 'indie game the movie'. To begin with I did enjoy the bright worlds and platformer game play coupled with the 2D/3D mechanic but shortly after progressing to the other levels I found it very hard to navigate back to earlier areas needed to collect earlier bits (read stars for level unloacking) to progress.It just wore thin really quickly after the inital mechanic stopped being fun. It feels like someone did a great job setting the tone for the game with a great opening chapter which loses momentum as it was rushed to completion.
,Recommended,224760,11694043,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,A-Prox,"Great game for people who like puzzles! The symbols are hard to figure out unless you look it up on the internet. Overall, I have to give it a 9.5 out of 10."
,Recommended,224760,11495814,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,BadBad,"FEZ is easily the best indie game I have ever played in my entire life (Bought it for $2.50). The visuals are rich and creative, plus the soundtrack is amazing. The whole concept of a 2-D platformer with 3 dimensions blew my mind at first but the control scheme made it easy to learn and get used to. I rarely want to get 100% in any game, but now I have to in this game because I enjoyed it so much.9.5/10"
76561197985817917,Recommended,224760,1068775,"Posted: 18 September, 2013",all,Stopher,Hyggeligt spil der er gribende og fedt puzzle
,Recommended,224760,11705471,"Posted: 14 August, 2014",all,Ace Pace,"Fez is a fun puzzle game you can sink hours into. Sometimes frustrating, sometimes thrilling. It's rarely ""try again. and again. and again."" which is a fun change from many other puzzle games."
,Recommended,224760,4798787,"Posted: 7 June, 2013",all,Altos,"This game is the perfect combination of extreme puzzles, indie game-design, and gimmicky controls.Overall, it requires a lot of patience and over-analyzation. Is fun though....My head hurts... >.<"
,Recommended,224760,11557582,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,sinodnA,Well ive only played 15min of it because I was waiting for my flight and it passed the time very quickly. Setting the controls to keyboard settings is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥but once you get use to it the game is fun. ill probably continue to play it on my next layover.Definitely worth buying though.good casual game.
,Recommended,224760,11593041,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,DemonOfLoom,Lacks direction. Not sure why I'm jumping around collecting cubes.Get lost.
,Recommended,224760,10525929,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Gallon of Milk,"I've been playing this game for not very long, but I can tell you this game has something special. Something you don't get when playing TF2 or Portal. It's very fun. When I first saw the controls I was like, ""WTF?"" The controls seem like a second nature later in the game. So yes, I HIGHLY recommend this amazing and special game."
,Recommended,224760,11594692,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,Lil Wang,"10/10 tied with Portal 2 for best puzzle game EVER. Portal has a story fun characters and cool mechanics. FEZ has a story fun characters and cool mechanics. However, the stories are completely different, the characters have a completely different personality, and the mechanics and completely different. I would definitely recommend this."
,Recommended,224760,11598820,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Doofus Rick,"I can tell you I only bought this because it was on sale for $2.50 and I was buying Metro and How to Survive. But I can tell you, after playing it, it's very enjoyable and one of the most addictive games I've ever played.FEZ is a retro platformer that has a unique feature where perspective can be changed 90 degrees. It's difficult to explain, I have seen my workmates eyes glaze over when I've tried to explain to them. You're best off watching the embedded trailer.There was a lot of buzz over this game, more because of it's turmoil during development than the promise of the game itself. A schism between the Polytron Corp founders resulted in one of them ejecting his former partner and taking all credit for the game. Pretty ruthless; I don't think I'd ever do anything like thatLexLeathal: Wow this game we made is really awesome isn't it G00CH?G00CH: It sure is BuddyLexLeathal: I hope we're friends forever!G00CH: Me too.... does this rag smell like chloroform to you?LexLeathal was last seen bound and gagged in the boot of a car flying off the Gateway BridgeAnyway, the interesting thing is, FEZ is built in the Minecraft engine. However all notion of perspective and vanishing points is stripped out. All perspective is isometric (teach yourself: Isometric). I think it would have been great if there was a combat aspect (like an ability to shoot or jump on enemies) but the game is more centered around problem solving and using the isometric concept to move from the beginning of a stage to the end.The music is a treat too. Very retro, but after a while I did end up turning the music down and listened to podcast in the background. The only levels I'd recommend keeping the music on are the pitch black, neon colored levels. One, because it's good and two, because the platforms are timed to appear with musical beats.Would recommend FEZ to any platformer enthusiasts or anyone who's looking for a simple little game to pass the time. It's a good 4 hours of gameplay for pretty cheap. Sells on for $10.00USD, I got it on a Steam sale for $2.50USD"
76561198078453504,Recommended,224760,11601445,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,Human,Рекомендую
76561198117771573,Recommended,224760,11602557,"Posted: 8 August, 2014",all,IndieCoffee,Love it
76561198025489872,Recommended,224760,11501398,"Posted: 31 July, 2014",all,"Relyte, relishious rompers",I've heard the modder is a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ but he does create a fantastic experience with his Fallout: New Vegas lighting overhaul. I'd recommend this mod to anyone with a powerful PC to handle the unbelievable amount of shaders he's added!
,Recommended,224760,11628386,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Tears,Lots of fun but I get very lost very easily
,Recommended,224760,11523926,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,Salty_Doktor[Doi]Amirueki,I like fez. Fez are awesome and cute :3
,Recommended,224760,11524408,"Posted: 2 August, 2014",all,teckforce,"Beatiful visuals and audio, great original idea brought to fruition through the hard work of one man: Phil Fish, thank you, too bad there wont be a sequel. We will see what Polytron has next up its sleeve."
,Recommended,224760,11566135,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Kris,"This game is incredible - from the graphics, to the music, to the perfect balance of puzzle-difficulty, and even to the dialogue (as hard to decipher as some of it may be). I love puzzle games, and, though I had to look up a walkthrough for a few parts, I definitely recommend this to anyone who is willing to put a bit of thought into their gameplay. Most of the puzzles are easy- to medium-difficulty, which keeps this game accessible to most anyone, but there are a few extreme-level puzzles for themasochistspuzzle enthusiasts, as well. My only complaints would be that the controls were occasionally buggy/less responsive. However, they were very easy to get used to, and any cases of buggyness after I adjusted were few and far between. As such, I would recommend Fez to anyone, regardless of their favorite genre of game.(As a side note, I highly recommend looking up a translation/key for the Tetris-based language in this game - while it wouldn't be needed at the beginning, there are both funny and thought-provoking comments/signs in this game that are well worth the time it takes to decipher them. Also, it just makes the game feel more complete and provides a bit more insight into what is actually happening.)Happy puzzling, everyone!"
,Recommended,224760,6063290,"Posted: 19 July, 2013",all,Busi,"Маленькая внешне на первый поверхностный взгляд, но огромная внутренне с  глубоким миром, детальная до мелочей. Уделите игре чуть больше внимания и она не заставит себя поразит вас с лихвой. Пожалуйста, сыграйте в нее."
,Recommended,224760,11582352,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Eternal Ruination,"People who aren't simple-minded eventually get bored of the packaged crap that the gaming industry produces....eventually to the point where searching for a decent game actually becomes a chore. Most people have budgets to work with and can't afford to purchase everything that metacritics or any other ""review"" site gets paid to give high marks for (let's not kid ourselves, they think Dragon Age II and every CoD game is great). Thankfully FEZ does not fall under that category, as this is one of the most enjoyable, inexpensive, and surreal games I have ever played.It's a bit ironic that the one game I will, in a moment, rate so highly is the one that I spent a throwaway $2.49 on because it was on sale and I wanted to spend on a whim. FEZ is a 2D puzzle and platformer with a twist: you can change perspective so it plays like a 3D one. To avoid spoilers, I'll just state for now that solving the puzzles in FEZ are immensely rewarding, because you actually have to think, as opposed to mashing a few buttons over and over. Background music, graphics, and visual effects are nothing amazing but good enough to provide the sense of a Sonic racing stage.To end on a concise note, I'd like to think that only a genius could possibly accomplish 100% of the tasks (getting all the treasure, unlocking all the secrets, etc.) with a guide, though I could be wrong and overestimating my own intelligence. The drawback is that you feel like you're cheating, but you're not. The game is designed to give the players some roadblocks and if you don't want to spend 30 minutes figuring it out, since there ARE a lot of these to go through, then google is your best friend.Verdict: 8.5/10 (Disliked a few levels)"
,Recommended,224760,11583627,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Final Boss,"Wow, what can I say FEZ? That you were the best sidescroller I've ever played? No that would'nt do you justice. Best game I've ever played? Quite possibly. Don't miss this game, or you will miss one of gaming's finest moments."
,Recommended,224760,11930286,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,Skexis,"When I played the original NES Legend of Zelda, back in second grade, it was my English teacher that made a hand-drawn map of one of the dungeon levels that I just couldn't get past. (Thanks, Ms. Osbourne!) Later on, I got to be the one that discovered and shared the secret of the lost woods with my dad's coworkers and my sister, all of us playing the game at different times and with varying degrees of success. That notion of knowing something, or being able to find something that only a select number of others have, was a great tool in making games fun to explore in the NES age. Then came game magazines, and GameFAQs, and eventually bit-by-bit video walkthroughs that helped push people away from putting things into their game that could be looked up and immediately solved within seconds.FEZ, however, wears that retro influence on its sleeve. In the very starting room of Gomez's home, a pixellized poster of the Legend of Zelda waterfall hangs. And FEZ tries its hardest to bring back that feeling of discovery and wonder.FEZ is fundamentally a puzzle game, so there will never be bosses, per se, or enemies you have to fend off. It puts the player in an environment where they cannot fail, as long as they take the time to consider all the angles of the problem. Fall off the side of a building, get blown up by a bomb, or get sucked out into space(!), and it makes no matter. You'll be back on-screen within seconds to try again, this time with a different approach in mind. Frustration is kept to a minimum purely through aesthetics, which is a praise-worthy feat in itself. The game's environments and soundtrack work in tandem to keep temporary setbacks from becoming game-souring experiences. When I say the game is beautiful, I mean it in every sense. It pleases, it pays homage while keeping a voice of its own, and it delivers a load of ""a-ha!"" moments purely by its design.FEZ knows its roots, but in contrast to a game like Legend of Zelda, it's the fundamental lack of powers here that helps keep the puzzles interesting. From beginning to end in FEZ, the only powers you need are those of observation."
,Recommended,224760,11974105,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,| R2Shef2 |,best game evs
76561197994408776,Recommended,224760,11975679,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,Spawnfärkäl,"Get it... its worth it, even though it doesnt look like it! :)"
76561198108171481,Recommended,224760,10506969,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,CarniverousPwny,"This game is fantastic. I bought it on sale and fell in love. I love the puzzles and the cool designs of the worlds. Every door is an unexpected adventure. I would highly recommend this game. I haven't finished it yet and it will probably take me forever, but I really enjoy it."
,Recommended,224760,11839922,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,BINGEBOY,I thought this game would be more like PEZ but its not.
76561197985679061,Recommended,224760,1063161,"Posted: 13 July, 2013",all,angstseed,I'm in love with this game.
,Recommended,224760,355534,"Posted: 4 May, 2013",all,Alystair | Barcraft.com,"FEZ RELEASED ON PC! Hours and hours and HOURS of fun puzzles await - the graphics and music really grab you...I initially thought this was just going to be a few hours of play based on the previews, but... holy crap - that map grew fast and finding the nega-cubes will drive you up the walls in the best way possible - the game has an amazing reward mechanism :D"
,Recommended,224760,3617732,"Posted: 2 August, 2013",all,Slow,"Describable as an exploration game with Cavestory-like graphics. Once the initially mindblowing mechanics and impressive visuals wear off and you finish most of the platforming aspects, you're left with... a code-cracking game. You literally have to decipher an alphabet and a number of secret combos to advance. This is not a plot-focused game, so beware."
,Recommended,224760,12179299,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,DaReputableJesus,No matter if you hate it or love it I think FEZ is a beautiful game. It defines greatness. FEZ is not good it's beautiful. Beautiful is the word that sums up the game perfectly. FEZ is not really a game it's more like an interactive eyecandy. FEZ is a metroidvania with puzzle- elements.  You play Gomez who begins to see his 2D world in 3D. Well it's not easy to describe the gameplay of FEZ with words. All I can say is that it plays fantastic. The puzzles are engenius and challenging to solve. The visuals are stunning and the music by Disasterpiece is a blast. I have to say FEZ is perfect. I complain alot about minor things in games but I found nothing that made me feel mad at this masterpiece.FEZ is one of the best Indiegames of all time.
,Recommended,224760,11049789,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,crazy boi,"An amazing game to soothe yourself to. The puzzle element makes this game really fun. But it isn't as fun as other games with friends, I suggest playing this game if you find yourself with no friends online a lot."
76561198116869242,Recommended,224760,12112129,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,ParanoidRacoonoid,One of the most beautiful and inspiring games ever.
76561198096186966,Recommended,224760,12112155,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,jimi0rigi,I love this game!!
76561197974281429,Not Recommended,224760,9723866,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,W. Crispy,"**EDIT** Phil Fish is a complete psychopath♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥nozzle that doesn't deserve any more money from anyone.  He needs to quit the game biz.It's a fun platformer / puzzle game with slick polished graphics.  The puzzles can be pretty tough at times, and navigating can be tricky.  You'll find yourself constantly checking the map screen trying to figure out where you are.  It skirts the border of being counterintuitive enough to where you'll have to look up a clue once in awhile which I don't like doing.  It's not an overly easy game, so while the graphics look cutesy I can see kids having difficulty.  I notice this tends to happen when small teams make games and find themselves getting sick of knowing the game inside and out during the production process.The way a 3D universe is presented in 2D really messes with your brain, so you constantly feel yourself in the protagonist's shoes, struggling to comprehend this new discovery.  Basically it's like humans now struggling to understand the 4th dimension, skewed back a notch, and it's executed just about perfectly.The game and designer were featured in Indie Game: The Movie which offers an interesting insight into the struggles of a small team of one to two designers trying to make and publish a video game.  You can tell these guys went crazy trying to make something great.  The first time I picked up and played this game I looked up and saw that an entire afternoon had gone by without realizing it.  It's pretty addicting."
76561198119112810,Recommended,224760,15620435,"Posted: 30 April, 2015",all,Crazy.Squirrel98,Very Fun! Looking forward to finshing the game!
,Recommended,224760,15639746,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Nord Kitten,"FEZ is a great game, it is beautiful, fun and even if the creator isn't the greatest guy, i don't thing a good game should be punished for that, it is worth playing."
,Recommended,224760,13487764,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Sleepy,A happy story about a white little gnome-thing with a hat who takes too much LSD.I think.
,Recommended,224760,13488882,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,wendypanda,Best Game Ever!! Pretty graphics!
,Recommended,224760,13469318,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Smorky,"This mind-blowing game took my spatial imagination, tore it apart and made a whole new thing out of it. This game is a must-have!"
,Recommended,224760,13473029,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Senile Dog,"Great, amazing game.With a beautifully crafted atmosphere, Fez is a ""stop and smell the roses"" type of game. It puts life into the perspective of a 2d world, the third demension is an amazing mechanic of game play and creates interesting levels. Unlike other puzzle games, Fez is in what seems to be many ancient places, with some history left behind. There are secrets to the game that can be found out with investigation of each level. I do reccomend if you play this game to not look up guides or anything of the sort, for the puzzles CAN be solved and when they are solved you may feel amazing."
,Recommended,224760,13796706,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Bermuda Octagon,"What happens when you mix together pixelated graphics, a fun gameplay mechanic, a unqiue sense of humor, some pop culture references, and artistic originality? Well, FEZ."
,Recommended,224760,13810922,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Spanish Hobo,So many damn doors!
76561197990484397,Recommended,224760,13750578,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Horizon,"Absolutely beautiful work of art.The simple game mechanic of switching perspective yields many puzzles that are just difficult enough to keep you entertained but not so impossible as to require a walkthrough.I had trouble with the language- used a guide for it. After reading online I find that the most difficult puzzles were solved by community effort so on your second play through don't feel too guilty about seeking help. Apparantly a few puzzles still exist unsolved in the game which is interesting.Maybe I'm seeing something that isn't there, but I was questioning my existence by end of this game. Do we all live in a simulation of a universe?"
,Not Recommended,224760,7991459,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Royal_Tenenbaum,"""does what you do better and with infinitely more class. oh and personality!""10/10"
,Recommended,224760,13820892,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Juan,"Other indie game devs could learn something from Fez. If you're thinking about getting it, just get it."
76561197994947653,Recommended,224760,13670784,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Major_TORMENT,"This was something I was looking forward to for a couple of years (for some reason the PC release took ages), and it didn't disappoint. Mostly. It was a fun and innovative platformer, but it does get very samey. After the first couple of hours, there aren't really any new puzzles to solve, or game mechanics to learn. I played it through to the end, but I felt it could have done with a bit more.There's plenty of ""go do things to get your completion % up"" stuff, for the kind of people who enjoy that (children and the unemployed, presumaby?) but the gameplay beyond that is light. Still worth playing, but a bit of a shame that such a great visual and gameplay foundation wasn't developed into something more."
,Recommended,224760,5036121,"Posted: 13 May, 2013",all,NecroQueef,An amazing game.
,Recommended,224760,13703122,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,barry b benson,"I bought this game and then realised I don't have the right graphics card, but can't afford a new one.. What do I do? .-."
76561198091389660,Recommended,224760,13776676,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Fred the Freelo Frog,Music is awesome. 10/10.
76561198078121495,Recommended,224760,13761777,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,phailFlakes,"Already beaten this game on Xbox and Playstation, now I'm not sure what to do with my life.Kept scribbling clues in notebooks, on my tables and bathroom walls like a crazy person. It was awesome.64000/10 , would develop mental disorder again"
76561198115460337,Recommended,224760,13778439,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Cunt,its fez i play fez now fez is cool
76561198057013518,Recommended,224760,12502153,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,Dripdrop_dead,Love it!
,Recommended,224760,13174494,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Skampus,Dear god this game is AmazingTrickyBut Amazing
,Recommended,224760,13335034,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Oblivion (Sederan),GREAT GAME 8/8 IGN
,Recommended,224760,8236565,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,aendrew,"A weird, beautiful, funny, complex and ultimately brilliant game. It's quite possibly one of the more artful platformer/puzzle combos around. Easy to get into, hard to get out of. Fans of puzzlers, platformers, 16-bit nostalgia and indie games will all find something to like.Great Xbox 360 controller support. It's also a really high-quality Mac port."
,Recommended,224760,8237695,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Proleter,You look nice and flat today.
76561198011209709,Recommended,224760,8239057,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,rlcintra,Surprisingly good platform game! I really enjoyed the puzzles and graphics (8-bit). Recommended!!!
76561198114691116,Recommended,224760,8239176,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Morpheanna,a lot of fun!! and super cute.Great strategy game.
,Recommended,224760,8240877,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Holopleather,"The perfect marriage of puzzle and platform gaming, in my own opinion. Fun, addictive, and asthetically pleasing. I wouldn't say it was particularly difficult or easy, but it is certainly a relaxing and satisfying experience for me."
,Recommended,224760,8242169,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,PongoSapiens,"Love this game. Have bought many copies as presents for friends, highly recommended"
76561198035958726,Recommended,224760,7508997,"Posted: 28 October, 2013",all,Gersch,"FEZ is a fascinating quasi 3D platformer, were you control both the protagonists movements and the perspective from which you view the obstacles on the screen.  This game also includes a fair amount of cryptographs and puzzles that are fairly difficult, this game has a great range of difficulties.  Bottom line this game is worth every penny."
,Recommended,224760,8242478,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Killing Melody,"I was addicted to this game until I finally beat it completely, and it was amazing. The way the game mechanic is used is really ingenious and the puzzles in this are perfect. My only qualm is that the last item needed to unlock only appears for five minutes once every week Kind of a let down, but hey, anything to keep people playing right?"
76561198035671766,Recommended,224760,8242575,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Sl0th,It is Awesome! Get it!
,Recommended,224760,8119983,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Cast In The Name Of God (Guilty),"FEZ is a beautiful platformer. The atmosphere created by the colorful graphics and the fantastic soundtrack is inspiring! Its cute, charming, and even a bit of an emotional experience. I couldn't stop playing the game until I could barely stay awake for a few nights until I had finally explored everything it had to offer. There are a lot of secrets to explore, and if you get stuck on them the game has been out long enough that other people have unraveled the mysteries, and you can find the solutions if you need them. I tried to solve as much as I could on my own, but I knew it would be time consuming to solve some problems (mostly the secret langauge in the game), so I got some help with those puzzles. By for anyone up for the challenge of figuring it out themselves, its there haha. And theres sort of a neat, mysterious backstory to the game that unfolds over time. Basically I found it really engaging and fun, and I'd recommend it for anyone. :)"
,Recommended,224760,8123326,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Arkan01d,"Fez is a platformer puzzler game that plays a lot like an adventure title. There are no enemies. It's just you and your decoding skills. Fez is a game that seems meant to be played at your leisure. You probably won't sit down and play this title for hours on end. There is just too many secrets and puzzles that take time to understand and decode.The game itself it huge! I understand now what took the developer so long to finish it. The art work is done very well. Level design is good and varied. The sounds are some of the best. It's close to Swords & Sorcery. My only grip is one level has the worst mechanic I've seen in a long time. Basically you're at a clock tower than reveals cubes at a certain time; so you're presented with a choice. Leave the game for 2 days and play again at the exact hour to get the block, or just change the time on your desktop. Shame on the developer for that one!That one fault should in no way deter you from enjoying this game. Matter fact, you only need half the worlds cubes to beat the game; so you're not required to even get those cubes. I recommend this game for all players. It's a modern take on the old-school 2D platformer. There is enough content here to keep you going for a long time."
,Recommended,224760,16295520,"Posted: 10 June, 2015",all,Kimi o Nosete,"A psuedo 3d platforming indie game by an incredibly talented developer, this game is a must have for gamers of all genres and ages. With its simple controls, fairly linear level design, and lack of enemies, it allows you to explore at your own pace and absorb the content. Its levels are colorful, its music retro yet vibrant, making you hunger for more as you play it. However, the real journey begins when you chase down clues across the world like a madman, solving puzzles, entering QR codes for more clues, and even deciphering the game's own alphabet.Gameplay: 7.5/10Controls: 8.5/10Replayability: 6/10Music: 7.5/10Overall Enjoyment: 8/10Overall: 7.5/10"
,Recommended,224760,16416986,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,James Buxton,"Yeah, it was alright. 8/10"
76561198125183195,Recommended,224760,16420193,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,ElephantOnMelatonin,Fun game
,Recommended,224760,7889917,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,shodan2020,"This game is magic. It's controls are so simple, but the ideas and implementation can get pretty complex. There are puzzles within puzzles. The soundtrack by Disasterpeace is an absolute masterpiece and it really accentuates the beautiful retro-cubist graphics. I absolutely recommend this game! Beware of the owls!"
76561198154623898,Recommended,224760,13440105,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Conn11,fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez  fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez  fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez  fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez  fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez  fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez  fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez  fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez fez. So yeah.
,Not Recommended,224760,16404939,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Bacon,"Great art style and funny writing, but suffers from a very fragmented world difficult to keep your bearings. The world map is of limited help, I got to where I needed to go purely through random wandering."
,Recommended,224760,16405485,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,thequeenster,"If you grew up with a nintendo and love puzzles, buy this game.Fez is one of the most creative retro-style games I have played.  Some of the puzzles can be quite difficult, and while some puzzle games have me scouring the internet for solutions, Fez's puzzles were such that I felt personally challenged and strove to solve them myself.If I had a friend that was getting into PC games, FEZ would be in my top 5 recommendations.I hope there is a Fez II.10/10"
,Recommended,224760,16378980,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,Dad Dreemurr,Learned a new language- 田/10
,Recommended,224760,16379433,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Cushion ^-^,Love the art style and the way it works. It is amazing especially at this deal.
,Recommended,224760,16379808,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,EyeSack,"A wonderful little 2d platformer with the best soundtrack i have ever seen in a game, period."
,Recommended,224760,11848525,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Tengaryen Dovahkiin,NiceBest puzzle game ever!!
,Recommended,224760,16382012,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,MadTux,"This game adds a whole new dimension to platformers (hehe), but even just as a 2d game it's brilliantly made, with an elegant interface, beautiful graphics, and perfect sound effects.Just BUY IT."
,Recommended,224760,16386016,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Zangai,Brilliant game!
,Recommended,224760,16428269,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,4302,"This is the first time I am writing a review so hopefully it will be a good one.I truly love this game so much, maybe its because I appreciate puzzle and exploration games and if you do I think you will love this game too. Also, you must have the patience not to give up and look for guides/solutions online. This will definately prolong your gameplay time and enjoy this game for as long as possible and not instantly ruin the entire game.In the end I decide to come up with a list of pros and cons.Pros:-Amazing cute lovable graphics-Really beautiful art and vibrant colours and the sky gradually changes colour depending if it's day or night.-Great sounds-The soundtrack of the game is fantastic and the sound effects are pretty cute too (like jumping or falling to your demise etc.)-Smooth gameplay-Rotating the view seems to be very smooth and natural. The animations in this game are pretty smooth too.-Challenging-Some of you out there yawns at some puzzle games for being too easy and deem it as child's play, but this game has quite a number of puzzles/secrets that will make you scratch your head, digging out any possible solutions you can think of. Come on, there is even an ancient language and numbering codes for you to cipher.  Well, don't give up and prevent yourself from searching up solutions/hints online.I want to point out that every puzzle/secret is not SO challenging that it is practically unsolvable. Majority of the puzzles should be okay. Secrets are meant to be secret thats why they are difficult to solve.Also, you don't have to cipher the codes to progress in the game.-Unique and original perception mechanic-I feel that it is unique and original as many of the games out there are very different from FEZ.-Friendly respawn point-You don't have to walk miles back to where you died.-Lower-end com friendly-Lower-end coms should be able to run this game smoothly with no problem at all.-Silent Alt-Tabbing out of game-Alt-Tabbing automaticly pauses the game for you and in the pause menu there is no sound, so you can Alt-Tab out of the game to do your own stuff in peace.Cons:-Backtrackking-After completing the game, you will want solve puzzles that you could not previously. It is rather troublesome to travel back to places in this game as you can only teleport to certain map.-Getting lost-You'll find yourself getting lost a couple of times in this game as there are many doors in that single map (not all but a few maps have alot of doors)-Repetitive gameplay-To solve puzzles you mainly have to rotate your screen and although I personally do not find it repetitive, others do.However, there are different things that the game includes for you to play around with.-Little storyline-You are left to wonder and explore around the world of FEZ. Some like it that way, but that means there would be little storyline for you to follow and motivate you. The few thing that motivates you are exploring unknown areas, wanting to know the ending for this game by yourself and the enjoyment of solving secrets.Hope I manage to make informed decisions for some of you people who are interested to buy this game :^)"
,Recommended,224760,16431661,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Ribbs,"I have nothing but love for this game: (And yeah I know, I've only played 2.5 hrs of this game, however, it is not like it is a super complex game)It's cute, I love how you rotate the area, revealing better and easier ways to get somewhere. Love the design. I especially love the music. Oh god and the critters in this game..Oh I died from the cuteness...This game is really great. I guess some people didn't like it. I'm not sure what they were expecting. Controls are very easy to understand.There seem to be SO many ways and places you can go to, so I end up exploring the new areas instead of finishing where I was previously. lol But I like that.Again, gawd this game is cute. I will just suggest that you watch gameplay to see if this is for you."
76561198114892048,Recommended,224760,16424978,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,saodd_a,hahahaha
76561198124252245,Recommended,224760,16427253,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,paran0id_para5ite,Considered possibly an oldie goldie in internet years but if you still haven't got this: BUY IT NOW.think of it as mindblowingly pretty pixels + mindblowingly awesome puzzles. 11/10
,Recommended,224760,16405787,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,weaver,9/10
76561197993329004,Recommended,224760,16410145,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,DaringMoosejaw,"Finished this game 100%, really loved it. Loved the puzzles, the art direction and especially the soundtrack."
,Recommended,224760,16333360,"Posted: 12 June, 2015",all,Teeedor,Do you like directions? This games got 'em.All dialogue sounds like an acid trip nightmare.Great game.
,Recommended,224760,7398341,"Posted: 16 October, 2013",all,Dr. Steve Brule,"Despite the creator of the game being a massive shitheal, this game is incredibly well made. If you like platformers, you will love this."
,Recommended,224760,13913902,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Noodle Town,"The first time I played Fez, I launched the game and gave up after about 15 minutes. I needed to shoot things instead of decipher alien languages and explore a totally new game dynamic.  The second time I opened Fez up I wound up playing for  three hours and finished the game in a few days with the maximum completion.Fez is a brilliant game if you're interested in a puzzle solving platformer that actually requires you to extensively explore to even begin to understand key elements of some of the more difficult puzzles (for example deciphering the alien language or numbering system). If this type of thing (think engaging puzzles similar to those in Myst, Riven, etc.) excites you, then Fez might too. The music, graphics, and general feel of the game are compelling in the same way that exploring the world in a game like FF7 was for me. The graphics are faux 16bit as is the music. Even if 16 bit ""retro"" games aren't your thing, you might be surprised by how emersive the game becomes.In short, if you devote a sizeable chunk of time to trying the game you'll either get bitten by the Fez bug or get sick of it. The game is cheap enough to warrant trying it out and if it is your thing, you won't regret playing.Also, the puzzle solving requires a great deal of work on your own but try to hold off consulting the web no matter how frustrating that may be. If you do, look for hints instead of outright spoilers."
76561198017794519,Recommended,224760,13262179,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,ittarter,"If you like Retro and Puzzles, this is the game for you! If you prefer killing things with the latest graphics, AVOID this game like the plague. Also, I'd recommend reading as little as possible in terms of guides and walkthroughs. It's much more satisfying to figure it out yourself. The puzzles are hard, but as you explore you're given everything you need to figure them out -- except a pen and paper. Definitely keep a pen and paper on you while playing FEZ or you'll never figure out the biggest puzzles."
76561198063534634,Recommended,224760,13907024,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Redbrute,"I have been playing this game for about 7 hours. This game is hard and complex. Solving the puzzles for your self is really exciting. This game has one of the most best endings ever. but some of the puzzles are coded to words in hidden language. This game has you looking for clues left and right. There are two endings, I have only seen one of them but once you beat this game, you will be playing it for another 7 hours."
,Recommended,224760,13919952,"Posted: 9 January, 2015",all,Daniel Devito,"Over this game is ""jam"" packed."
,Recommended,224760,1671962,"Posted: 18 May, 2013",all,DG Marluxx,A great and very unique puzzle platformer game.
76561198076823675,Recommended,224760,13836764,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Aryashi,"I bought it because of the rave reviews. Ultimately it was a good game, but considering that the only way to beat this game is to walkthrough almost all of it I'd say it's people who want their games to make them bend over and ask for more. If that sounds like your bag go for it, the art was basically worth the price of admission and the mechanics worth smooth as butter."
,Recommended,224760,13842529,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,mulciberxp,"Wow what to say about Fez. I only beat the 32 cube ending, I didn't spend all the time solving the meta game puzzles, but this game was still a joy. The mechanics are novel and enjoyable, the puzzles were never so tedious that I wanted to give up. The graphics, sounds, and music were beautiful and charming. Basically I love this game."
,Recommended,224760,13859540,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Maxsterpiece,FEZ is a great little indie game with beautiful visuals and an amazing soundtrack. Absolutely worth ever dollar.8.5/10
,Recommended,224760,15966747,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Hem,"VERY interesting game. Beautiful art design. Very smart concept. If you like indie platformers that are smart, different, not pretentious on their concept with no meat, you will enjoy it. It is beautiful, surfs on the vibe of deep and honest gaming indie creations like Cave++ and all, not that to finish, easy to lone oneself in its world, impossible to collect everything and understand its universe and hidden concepts, so, good stuff, yeah, I do recommend."
76561198085174047,Recommended,224760,14801908,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,McButts,"If you enjoy Platformers with a twist, shut up and get this game. I'm not much of a platformer myself but was stunned to see all the work put into this game. It is freaking beautiful! I expected the game to be broken into levels, and maybe it is, but everytime i think i've completley explored a place I find a door bringing me to a whole new area. This game is well worth the $10, and there is really no reason to not buy this game besides hardware constraints."
,Recommended,224760,14803020,"Posted: 8 March, 2015",all,Boltte,Good!
,Recommended,224760,14805112,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Wiggycat314,"I found this game through indie-game the movie and it instantly caught my eye.  I first purchased it on xbox, but purchased it again through the indie game bundle last year.The beginning part of the game with the main story is fairly simple.  It focuses more on collecting cubes and finding keys to unlock doors to advance to the end.  The challenge in this phase is mostly learning how to navigate the world and using the map.  Once you make it to the end, the story is over.  Sadly, that is when most people either put down the controller or walk away from the computer and say ""This game is easy, boring, and overrated"".  If you were to keep playing, you'll learn that you are not even close to finishing the game.The next part of the game starts to focus less on navigating, and more on figuring out puzzles.  Because the story is over at this point, the only point to keep playing is to try to solve all the puzzles.  Some of these puzzles are simple, but some of them are nearly impossible to figure out.  If I remember correctly, there are either puzzles that still haven't been solved or have been solved but they don't understand the steps to figuring out the reasoning to the code behind it.At this part of the game, most of the remaining people playing become impatient and look online for answers and quickly lose interest in the game.  The appeal of this game comes from figuring out the puzzles yourself.  It's the sense of reward that keeps you playing.  It makes me sad to come on here and see negative reviews because they say it's boring even though the only reason it is boring to them is because they looked up answers.Anyway, I'd recommend this game to people who love an intellectual challenge over a good story.  If you're here for an amazing story that leaves you speechless, don't buy this game.  Other than that, this game is very visually appealing, has an amazing soundtrack, and is very thought provoking.  I loved almost every second I played this game, 9.5/10"
,Recommended,224760,14864624,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,NoOutlet,"FEZ is a great game concept and execution. It is beautiful with an amazing attention to detail. I loved beating the game the first time and the first kill screen is possibly my favorite game ending ever. Getting the completionist ending is basically impossible without looking up hints online which is a bit annoying, but the detailed implementation is again impressive."
76561198093732368,Recommended,224760,14910916,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,bobsled312,"If you like parkour, good music, and pixley graphics buy this game like I did. You play as this little guy  named ""Gomez"" Running around collecting stuff avoiding black holes, and stuff that looks like glitches. It sometimes may have 1, or 2 glitches (Real ones) every now and then."
,Recommended,224760,14883736,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Duanetastic,"I enjoyed about 80% of Fez. The rotational mechanic provides some interesting puzzles, and the graphics are very pretty. What I didn't enjoy were the rest of the puzzles, which require the player to decipher arcane codes based on very little in-game information. That may be very old-school in some respects, but I don't have time to spend hours figuring out what some random thing might mean. I wound up just looking up a bunch of the answers online. One puzzle (albeit one not required to finish the game) was only solved by the collective Internet via brute force, which is just plain terrible game design. There is also one frustrating section of the game that requires very precise platforming, which wouldn't be a problem if Fez didn't have very loose platforming. Overall, I think Fez is worth checking out for puzzle/platformer fans, but it's not as solid as some of its contemporaries, such as Braid."
,Recommended,224760,14846666,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,poopballs,"I've seen alot of people who refuse to play Fez due to its creator, Phil Fish. Those people are missing out. Fez is a masterpiece. Not a game you could play everyday for hours on end, but a nice, peaceful, relaxing game to enjoy every once in a while. The main mechanic of the game is fun to play around with, and the visuals & music are superb."
,Recommended,224760,14874779,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,stroncis,"Marvelous. Starting from mechanics and puzzles, up to music and visual style, with quite unique story and FEZ lore.There are some frantic moments, full of frustration, but that's maybe just indication of your limited ability to grasp this immense project, hiding under short name FEZ. Almost everything is interconnected, wired, solving one problem, in many cases, related to another solution, directly or not. So, if you stuck, don't let be strangled, just let it be, maybe later you will find a way, game full of hints, most are right under your nose, but you just miss them. And some puzzles are not solvable in first playthrough...in ""game+"" you will get few new abilities (one is hidden and can be found by accident! such a great idea), which will open new perspective of this world. Paper and pencil strongly advised. And (almost spoiler ahead) headphones, or good stereo separation."
76561198081051327,Recommended,224760,14817220,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Kobozo,"Very good puzzle game, nice soundtrack, and very clear graphics and design. Gomez is kinda cute :)"
,Recommended,224760,14817856,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,TASc,"I think SOME (not all) of the negative reviews here are just rediculous. Sometimes I wonder if reviewers here simply use this space in hopes that some gaming magazine will see their excellent writing skills and in depth understanding of game mechanics, and miraculously offer them a job. I also think some of the people who write these reviews, spend more time nitpicking at every aspect and overanalyzing game mechanics, rather than just PLAYING it and see if it taps into your inner child, and subsequently fingure out if it's fun. It's a game FFS, not some pretentious, deep, statement shaped into an expression of contemporary art.With that out of the way, let me shape this review very simply in the form of some questions that I ask myself regularly after playing a game and either slating it or recommending it to my friends. If this is the millionth review you're reading about FEZ, and you're still ""um'ing"" and ""ah'ing"" about whether or not you should buy it, skip questions 1-6:1. Is FEZ perfect? No. The map navigation is a little cumbersome, and takes some getting used to.2. Is FEZ fun? My opinion, and the general consensus here is yes. Yes, absolutely.3. Is FEZ challenging? Subjectivity applies. If you're the product of your mother and uncle, then you will most likely struggle here and there (as you probably would with most things in your life). If you're the average gamer however, then probably not.4. Is FEZ pretty? Again; Subjectivity applies. If you want one trillion polygons exploding out of your 4k screen with 8xTXAA, 16xAF, and more tessellation than you could wave a game controller at, then move along. If you appreciate the art style, modest special effects, and the pure imagination that went into the games look and feel, then you will probably want to take several screenshots and have them refresh every minute or so as your desktop wallpaper.5. Is the sound/music any good? I, a 33 year-old male, with a fairly eclectic taste in music, rather enjoy the music, and the fitting sound effects (apart from the warp gate sound effect, which grates me to the point of having to mute the sound when I know it's coming). My wife, 35 years of age, with no interest in gaming whatsoever, does not enjoy the music. Apparently ""it's really weird.""6. Is it good value? $10 for a game of this quality and length is excellent value.7. Should you buy this game? Yes."
,Recommended,224760,14943534,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Developer,Great game 10/10
,Recommended,224760,15083009,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Luke Rising,"The Thing about FEZ is the Games Creator, Phil Fish is an Idiot.Of course Indie games on steam sell better on steam that Xbox, You ever tired buying things on Xbox you go through 6 pages just trying find the store page and that’s when you’re looking for it.On the other hand it features a puzzle in which you have to learn binary."
76561198084362855,Recommended,224760,14831064,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,dragongun97,"Incredible game!  Awesome, mind-blowing mechanics that really make you think.  I haven't gotten very far, but I've loved almost every second I've played!  Definitely worth $10!"
,Recommended,224760,14832322,"Posted: 10 March, 2015",all,AbeClancy,
,Recommended,224760,6100691,"Posted: 23 June, 2013",all,Mellow Mike,"Phil Fish, if by some crazy chances (Heck, you might not even have access to this for all I know), but if you're reading this, I'd like to say you've made a lovely game. It's really refreshing to see games like this among the crowd of mass-production games that take themselves too seriously. The fact that you redesigned this game visually several times, unlike games like Duke Nukem Forever, were remade because of the fact there was room for improvement, not because you had to go work on a bit on the gameplay, a bit of the visuals, maybe work a bit more of the gamplay and jokes BUT WAIT A MINUTE, the visual standerd just went up a notch, and have this repeat until there was so much crap on your shoulders that your freaking arms broke off. The gamplay is simple, but still yet awesome (A nice parallel with the graphics). It's a nice collecti-thon, and works for some good puzzles too. And I know, somewhere, although I haven't seen him yet, there's some guy/guys who are complaining that the game is ""just one big mindless 'collect all the things game'"". Screw that guy. If you're doing something in the middle of a level, and someone tells you ""Bring me my hankerchief from the top of that mountain and I'll give you some gold or some crap,"" THAT'S when you can complain. But this game revolves around the idea, so nothing's wrong, in fact, it can be pretty entertaining.All in all, you've made a game that will stand the test of time brilliantly, I hope the money made by this game helps you and Renaud (hope I got the right name) make more....well, lovely games, because you and all of Polytron, my friend, are simply amazing.Now here's to hoping Phil somehow reads this and I haven't been some idiot talking to himself.I feel weird."
,Recommended,224760,14785801,"Posted: 7 March, 2015",all,MaestroBroccoli,"Fez is an amazing game with beautiful scenery colors and gameplay.  I have spent hours wandering the seemingly endless world that Fez takes place in.  And not one of the minutes I spent in this game was wasted.  The bright, vibrant colors combined with realistic shading and design combine to create an area I can explore for hours.  Not only is this game beautiful, but it is very smooth and fun.  The gameplay feels amazing, and the levels and puzzles are perfect.  Overall Fez is a smooth, vibrant world absolutely worthy of the ten dollars needed to purchase it.  Don't let medias opinion on the creator, Phil Fish deter you about this game.  I know you will enjoy it and spend a lot of time exploring the world inside of Fez."
,Recommended,224760,6605447,"Posted: 1 May, 2013",all,Watermonkey,I want a Gomez as pet :D
,Recommended,224760,4543510,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,wandtpag,"Fun game, sometimes confusing, good puzzles!!! Worth the money!!!"
76561198028995855,Recommended,224760,15007409,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,CaptainBlob,"Brillliant game! The game designer clearly had an attention to detail and this attention to detail really made the game great. Some hard and challenging puzzles but there are also a few easy ones. Loads of levels, secrets and little things to work out! Best platformer i have played for a long time."
,Recommended,224760,14509857,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,CalmTiger,not bad starfox
,Recommended,224760,14396989,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,McStumpyToe,One of the most interesting and dynamic games I have ever played. The different areas of the game all have unique artistic styling and I couldn't be happier about the gameplay. Cool concept executed very well.
76561198068909872,Recommended,224760,14398498,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,thatguy_youknow,"Bought this game after watching Indie Game: The Movie, I loved the art style and the perspective shifting game mechanic. Once I got started I couldn't stop, played the game for 5 hours in a row. Absolutely beautiful landscape, with boundless atmosphere and charm. This game compells you to play and finish it."
76561198021840352,Recommended,224760,14375539,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Falcomaltese,"Bored videogamer, FEZ is the game you were waiting for!"
,Recommended,224760,4288125,"Posted: 2 May, 2013",all,Vantier,"10/10 Solid gameplay, Nice Graphics, OCD 100% collectibles, Challenging and Unique puzzle game."
,Not Recommended,224760,14376831,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Sir Frederick A. Nicebutt III,Something about this game burns my sides. I feel like theres something fishy about it.
,Not Recommended,224760,14344628,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,amd133mhz,"Not original, boreing, and a waste of time. I got this for around $1 and I kind of want my money back"
,Recommended,224760,14297953,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,mr_rxbxt,"So good, so immersive, so worth every penny. I can see why this game gets a lot of hype in the gaming community. For an indie title at that, it's one of the most original and refreshing games I've played. As a fan of puzzlers, two thumbs up. Cheers."
,Recommended,224760,14300493,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Inkajoo,Well this game kind of changed my life so yeah I can recommend it
76561198120237737,Recommended,224760,14331209,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,craggerz45,"One of the greatest platformers ever.Please someone make a fanmade fez 2, there are crap tons of five nights at freddy's 3 fake games and the actual game is almost out!!"
76561198067011330,Recommended,224760,14334074,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,JAD,"FEZ is an awesome puzzle platformer which allows you to rotate the envirenment to find pieces of a cube that lets you progress through the game.  Duh!  It shows that in the video.  So why aren't you buying this game right now, then?I haven't put much playtime into FEZ, but that's because I've been busy with other things.I really want to sit down and get some playtime out of it because it's such a great game."
76561198170902991,Recommended,224760,14361419,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Lamb27,fez is a great game if you like not so easy puzzles!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,224760,5043835,"Posted: 12 May, 2013",all,Pet Cemetery,"The soundtrack is absolutely gorgeous, and with creative and fun gameplay added on, it makes for a very pretty game."
,Recommended,224760,14173680,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,AdiroDeth,"Totally recommended!!It's a little bit confusing the world map but nothing I could overcome... Nice, graph, original gameplay and sweet music!"
,Recommended,224760,14174074,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Tushonka,"The game is addicting, highly recomend playing with a controller of some sort."
,Recommended,224760,14174132,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Helenyan,"This game is AWESOME!I love it in every aspects!Graphics kind of retro but very coloful!Gameplay just AMAZING, lots of treasures and secrets :DI strongly recommend this game :)"
76561197964090297,Recommended,224760,172082,"Posted: 16 May, 2013",all,ZiGGY^,Great ambient puzzler. Get.
,Recommended,224760,14176107,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,prwnd,"One of the games where I achieved 100% completion including all achievements. Beautiful scenery, lovely music, great puzzles! The game requires different and unusual thinking, I only can recommend it. The discount price is really friendly, grab the chance and explore the FEZ world!"
76561198031490352,Recommended,224760,14176476,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,CoffeeCaveman,"Yeah the guy who made this game is probably an ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥. But y'know what, the rest of the internet are ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥s. The difference is that he made an awesome game. Props to Fez, a cool 2D sidescroller that shakes it up with interesting mechanics. I'm not a huge platformer goer, but I still enjoyed this game. I'd recommend it to pretty much anybody. But when it goes on sale from it's already low price, passing it up would be criminal."
,Not Recommended,224760,14180357,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Salot,This game looks like so much fun but it would be funIF I COULD PLAY IT 3FPS PLS STOP
,Recommended,224760,14210930,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,DMStewart,"For months I watched this game go on sale and each time I vowed that I would never buy it. How could another 8-bit style game be as good as everyone is claiming? I mean c'mon, a 91 on metacritic?!? After playing for just a few minutes I am now wondering how it only got a 91 on metacritic. Its just a lot of fun, super original concept, and more proof that you dont need advanced graphics or complicated gameplay to make create a wonderful title."
,Recommended,224760,9017877,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Deathmist_ | skinup.gg,"Great graphics, but resolution still not changeable :/ (on game screen) but still i recommend this :3"
,Recommended,224760,9021381,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,StevenSeagal,"I really enjoyed this platformer/puzzler game, which was much more of a relaxing experience than getting hammered in CSGO all the time. I don't really know how much replay value there is, but I did enjoy the aspects of rotating the environment around. Very relaxed game (but don't experience the ending on acid), minus the one lava level, and felt well paced. When you discover a door that requires 64 cubes and you only have 32 after playing for what seemed to be a long time, I was sort of dreading having to keep up the same procedure. There's a lot of obscure puzzles in the game that aren't explained very well, and I'm not sure if non-controller users on PCs can solve the vibration puzzles very easily. Other than that, a pretty solid game."
,Recommended,224760,8984784,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Pbjmaster,"Ah, FEZ.The so called ""hipster-game"" of our generation. And arguably so! No game has done (as far as I know, at least) what FEZ has done -- from four 2D perspectives you rotate in between them to navigate a beautiful world. There are no bugs. No crashes. No problems with sound. No level glitches. No problems. Why? This game took 5 years to make, and everything from the music to the design is seamlessly put together in a breathtaking game.There isn't a lot of playing time: I'd say 5 hours if you're going to beat the game once. But then there's that built in alphabet, and codes, which both allow you to get further progress. I'm not going to spoil the story. But total completion requires getting all four artifacts, nine treasure maps, 32 cubes and 32 anticubes, as well as the 3 red cubes -- all in all, total completion is 209.4%, so that's about 20 hours of gameplay. Not bad for a 10 dollar game.I think it's worth every penny and then some. The story doesn't require an enemy, or monsters to kill. It's what I consider a coming-of-age game, about a character who gains a new ability and has to learn to use it to save what's important to him. The character, Gomez, gains the ability to see the world in 3D. The first time that you start the game, you get a Fez (hence the name of the game). The second time, you gain the ability to see in first person. Even more reason why you should play the same save again. The third time, you get to play with 3D glasses! That's right. The world will pop up in your face. If that isn't enough, you can also use your Xbox controller.So there you have it: why not get a beautiful game, with beautiful music and a seamless feel? And the best part? THERE ARE OWLS."
,Recommended,224760,8988566,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,Triumph627,"This is a stunningly well-done tribute/new take on the 8-/16-bit games of yore. The simple gameplay is intuitive, but the increasingly difficult level designs make for puzzle/platforming awesomeness. The mechanic of switching planes within a part 2D, part 3D world is brilliant. Definitely one of the best games out there, everyone really needs to own this game."
,Recommended,224760,8990223,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,SenpaiJon,"A very fun game with simple controls and beautiful graphics, truly a game to be played"
,Recommended,224760,2582785,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,C0co,Juego muy MUY interesante en su planteamiento. Lleno de secretos. Hay que probarlo
,Not Recommended,224760,9616982,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,Tuilalcaron,Looks nice but it's without a doubt the most infuriating game I've ever played. It drives you nuts time and time again and really isn't worth the effort
,Recommended,224760,8259127,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,MatthowTheWizorb [PL],"Phil Fish, You made THE BEST GAME I've ever played! Huge thanks to you :D"
,Recommended,224760,9632325,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,TurkeyKong,"I was very upset to find out I couldn't go back in the game to get 100% once you complete it, but I will play this game in the future once I forget all the puzzles. I did get 90%ish in 4ish hours just by playing it casually but every second of it was enjoyable. I really wanted to find out how to complete that friggin owl statue puzzle and the game didnt let me like how my phone doesnt let me say wut anymore, it autocorrects it and i dont know how to shut it off. i like typing incorrectly, then ppple will correct u cuz no one else cant read it i guess. i was so happy to get this game on sale but if i was over someones house and saw them play it then the chance of me buying it for 10 would be pretty good. every bit of detail of the world is amazing at every angle. FEZ 2 plz :3"
76561198042900338,Recommended,224760,9640926,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,Hollowcreek,I have always wanted to play this game and now that I have it's amazing. I highly recommend it.
76561198068341394,Recommended,224760,6532513,"Posted: 23 July, 2013",all,killer_doggie,Interesting story with great detail in every piece of the game.Very fun and addictive!
,Recommended,224760,15170342,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,YourBoyDanny,"The game is pretty good, with it's cute characters and gorgeous backgrounds. The soundtrack is really good too, and it's nice how each zone has their own respective pieces.A negative for me is that you must use some other aplications (like a QR-Code reader...) to be able to get some of the hidden bits and pieces, but besides that, It's a good game."
76561198068649736,Recommended,224760,15175661,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,mrkdsmith,"This was one if my first purchases on Steam, and till this day I havnt come across a game that has surpassed it. Everything about this game is amazing! THe game play is really unique and original. Its nostaligic for the old 8-16bit platformers, but adds a new dimension (almost literally). I like tha fact the puzzle sare all of different levels of difficulty, but you dont need to solve them in a linear manner, so you need never get fustrated becuase you cant solve a puzzle, you can move on and find another. Some puzzles are simple and are quick to solve, while others are feindishly complex and obscure. THe aethetics of the game are amazing. The vast landscapes are beautiful and enchanting. If you get board of puzzles, its a simple joy just to explore the strange magical world. The game world is huge and theres so much to explore. The music is also spectacular. Probably the best I've ever heard in a computer game and really adds the games magical quality."
,Recommended,224760,15179536,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,hadden18,"Fez is not only a game. It's art expressed through puzzles, level design, challenge, and an intriguing story, that tells more than its platforming is able to tell. When you play this game you can tell the love their creators put into the design, for example in the creation of the fez language, the moments where the game-world resets itself, the animations that react to what is happening in the world, the story and the environment, and other examples.I finished the hardest puzzles with the help of a guide, and without it I may have not been able to identify the concept behind some parts of the game, but even the simple puzzles are more interesting than other games physics based platformers.I recommend this game."
76561198113873822,Recommended,224760,8640948,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,meep,"Fez is, put simply, a masterpiece.What may appear to be a simple, gimmicky indie title quickly unfolds into a sprawling world filled with lush design, a perfect asthetic and minute, albeit intriguing, detail. And while a few puzzles make you feel that Phil Fish is just screwing with you, there is always the wiki. In fact, since some puzzles are built for a vibrating console, PC users kinda have to.But still a small price to pay.Its cheap.Buy it."
,Recommended,224760,16048855,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,joyrock1,One thing you may not know about Fez is that it has a LOT of puzzles. Most of them are very outside-of-the-box. Example: One time I had to use a QR code scanner to find a hidden collectible. I also keep a notebook and pencil ready when I play to solve some of the deeper mysteries. My experience with Fez has been very rejuvenating and satisfying.
76561198091071173,Recommended,224760,16229218,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,Destruct,"Best indie game, got it one sale for 1 euro, worth that euro"
,Recommended,224760,15990435,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,zyrkan,"Fez is a very simple, yet amusing puzzle platformer that takes place in a charming pixel art world. There are no enemies and no traps -- just cubes to find. The game does a great job of creating different atmospheres to explore."
,Recommended,224760,15976643,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Kamina Dies,"This is SUCH a great game. If you like puzzle games, clever easter eggs, and an amazing soundtrack you'll want to download, pleasepleasepleaseplsplsplsplzplzplzpleasepl0xplz buy this game.I played this game first on Xbox. I beat it. All achievements.It came out on Steam and there was no hesitation. I bought it right away.Best 9.99 I've ever spent on a game.The replay value is excellent. The game will trip you up a few times thinking it was the end when in reality.. it wasn't, and once you ""beat"" the game the first time, turns out, you didn't, and you gotta play through certain levels again with new items to help you further advance through the game.Not a game you can beat over night, imo."
,Recommended,224760,16246967,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,REMIIIX,GREAT GAME
,Recommended,224760,16248413,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Kizomaru,Loved the game. Very enigmatic and cryptic. Would recommend a 100% :)
,Recommended,224760,16236085,"Posted: 6 June, 2015",all,DDR SD RARWM,Hard and Fun.
,Recommended,224760,16238752,"Posted: 7 June, 2015",all,Porto,"I was really excited about this game and I had to buy it when it was on sale. I am very disapointed though to see how poorly optimized it is. My old laptop which is perfectly capable of running a game like TES IV at 40 fps could hardly run this game at 10 fps.However, Axiom Verge, another indie platformer runs fine. I really think the devs of FEZ really missed a chance here. If they had put more time in optimizing their game a much larger audience would be able to enjoy this game, it's still a great game if you have a PC that's able to run it smoothly.I recommend it only if you have a good gaming PC that can run Battlefield 3 or something demanding like that."
76561198013088993,Recommended,224760,10997653,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Ragz,"A beautifully crafted puzzle platformer - immersive, positively oozing with charm and blessed with an incredible soundtrack by Disasterpiece.My only real gripe with the game is that a few of the puzzles are a bit obnoxious - and in one particular case actually impossible to figure out.Also, some of the puzzles cannot be solved until you get to New Game+ (which doesnt reset any of your progress, so don't worry too much)Nevertheless, if you like Puzzle Platformers I would heartily recommend you give FEZ a try."
,Recommended,224760,9269218,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Pant0don,"Great game! Because of the multiple outstanding elements, this game is suitable for a lot of different types of players.It has great controlls, the replayability is good, exploration is encouraged and the visuals and audio work great together!The meta-game is also a great aspect of the experience. There is more to the game than that is shown and explained in the game itself."
,Recommended,224760,3204608,"Posted: 11 September, 2013",all,Grape-Lookin' Slut,"Every aspect of this game is beautiful, and deep, and an absolute joy to experience. This is a game that should not be missed under any circumstance."
,Recommended,224760,248969,"Posted: 2 September, 2013",all,DigForRedstone,"Ignore the negative comments made about Mr. Fish, this is pure videogame gold.  Classic platforming action with a twist (Yes, a bad pun, I know), and some down-right obtuse puzzles make this a rare gem indeed.  Something everyone should expereince."
,Recommended,224760,9662516,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,ξ,Very sweet and original game.
,Recommended,224760,734628,"Posted: 7 May, 2013",all,=EBS= Ted,Wonderful little game.
,Recommended,224760,8736034,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,claimer47,"This such a amazing game! love the art style and music, the puzzles are just so well crafted and almost every board you enter is a puzzle. Keeps your mind thinking non-stop."
76561198053392314,Recommended,224760,8736296,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Mai Li,"This is forever one of my favourite games. The game is gorgeous, the world is smooth and bright. I love the day/night cycle, which adds a lot to the experience. Sunsets and rises in Fez are almost prettier than the ones in Minecraft. I enjoyed the game somuch I didn't stop playing til I had 100%ed the game, and I'm still sad theres nothing more to do in it. Some of the puzzles are qiuite difficult, but the ones neded to 100% the game leave you feeling satistfied once you've figured them out. The bonus puzzles are pretty much impossible without ether a walkhrough or being a literal genius. The platforming parts are fun, and you'll want to keep exploring til you've descovered everything. Five stars!"
,Recommended,224760,8743494,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Max Robert McNeill,"It's clever, immersive and groundbreaking with secrets hidden every way possible. And somehow they did it in 2D."
,Recommended,224760,8802366,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,brainhurty,A very inventive and addicitive platformer
,Recommended,224760,8802392,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,Benif,"Great puzzle platformer! The gameplay is sometimes repetitive and a little mundane, but the music, atmosphere, and lovingly crafted in-game language/number system makes you feel like you're in a living, breathing world. I haven't had a game make me want to play New Game+ in a long while, but FEZ managed to bring out the achievement hunter in me, partially due to making it easy to see when you had completed a room (take a hint, other developers!)"
,Recommended,224760,8812138,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,BaNNshEy,"Cute little indie platformer done in sprite art by angry hipsters.think cave story without any action.7/10, get on sale."
,Recommended,224760,8696702,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,defekt,"You know what, this is actually rather good.  The puzzles are tough but logical.  I've not 100% it yet but I'm going to give it a go!"
76561198043882225,Recommended,224760,8321902,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,TheLetterMilk,"Fez brings nostaglia back to the players as it brings both new and old components to a platformer. From simple jumping and worlds, to the aspect of switching perspective, Fez is definitely a game I recommend. Although this isn't for everyone as it is very challenging with endlessly hard puzzles to decode. Even if you aren't up for the challenge and use guides on the interent, the experience you get form this gameplay and story is unexplainable. For the price it is 100% worth the buy if it interests you even at a first glance becuase it never fails to deliver what it advertises. 9/10"
,Recommended,224760,8291804,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,aznkitteh,"Who wouldn't want to wear a FEZ? :DThis puzzle platforming game stars a little guy with a fez who goes around collecting little bits to form a cube and navigating through a fairly large branching map. This game is quite amusing and running through it to complete the game was quite a bit of fun. ^_^ It can become semi-frustrating if you want to get all the cubes and achievements though. To get all the cubes you'll need to crack codes that you'll have to decipher. These can take a few seconds or frustrate you into looking into a guide (*raises hand* I gave up. -_-). The guide, ""A Complete Guide to FEZ!!!"" byDaAwesomeNerdhttp://store.steampowered.comis fantastic and super helpful/easy to follow. But if you think about it long enough and really like challenging puzzles I bet you can get them yourself. :) As far as replayability, I personally think it can be somewhat replayable (because of the codes), but since you have been through everything once you may want to give it some time before you play it again. Definitely worth the ~$4 I spent on it though. :)Hope you enjoy the game! :DThis took me about 10 hours to complete and I'm not a hardcore gamer, but I do like puzzles. I also used the guide for most of the codes because I couldn't get them myself. :( So use that info on maybe determining how long it would take you? Otherwise this section is just useless info and you just read my ramblings. :p Sorry!"
,Recommended,224760,8313931,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,martyd1901,"Excellent Game, i think ill keep an eye on more indie games in the future."
,Recommended,224760,8327130,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,olkjas,"This game is beautiful and is great fun. I recommend that you disregard anything that you might have heard about the dev, and play it immediately."
76561198055788500,Recommended,224760,8327201,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Anime Tiddiz,"Brilliant level design and can rotate 3d tooNice soundtrack and pretty challenging puzzle, It'll defintely worth your time if you like to torture your brain XD"
,Recommended,224760,8327304,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Zasiel,"The most fun you can have with your pants off and your thinking cap on to keep you from ripping out your hair. Seriously, buy it."
76561198111819311,Recommended,224760,8327721,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,cayleyannhamilton,One of the best puzzle games ever! :D
76561198024977877,Recommended,224760,8327804,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,howmanydots,"Overall a very cute game. Tought provoking, original and nice. worth to buy on steam sales."
76561197992964939,Recommended,224760,8302088,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,jharrywhite,Great old school type platformer with a twist
76561197991485075,Recommended,224760,8303332,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Thread,just. yes.
,Recommended,224760,881969,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,zztzed,"Before playing this game, ""amazing"" is probably not a word I would ever have used to describe a 2D platformer.  And, well, I probably still wouldn't use that word to describe other 2D platformers.  But Fez is unique, interesting, and challenging beyond just being artificially Nintendo-hard (unlike, say, Super Meat Boy)."
,Recommended,224760,8304453,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Joshxdaniels,"This is truly a great game.  Great concept, great secrets, great atmosphere."
,Recommended,224760,8260928,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,TheFlippantFlamingo,"Its friendly, easygoing with a simple story and the levels are beutiful, buy it."
,Recommended,224760,8307440,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Scawt,"most beautiful, most spectacular game i have ever had the pleasure of playing. pure wonder..."
,Recommended,224760,8307641,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Jun55,One of the best game on steam!!!Instant buy now!
,Recommended,224760,8308271,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,May' mc Lane,"Zelda inspired, fresh gameplay and graphics. A must have for indi games lovers!!!"
76561198060648271,Recommended,224760,8578908,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Borba,awesome
,Recommended,224760,8579012,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Pedrault,Great and addictive !
,Recommended,224760,402354,"Posted: 23 July, 2013",all,UTZ|OziOn,"Not really sure how I feel about this game. The idea is great, but the puzzles are nearly impossible to figure out on your own. The only reason I got all the achievements is thanks to guides online. 6/10"
76561198024988265,Recommended,224760,8581390,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Franklin Pierce,Great
,Recommended,224760,14190215,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Dotterine,"Wow, I love this game! It's so interesting and it makes me so confused!Brilliant for people who love puzzle games and are adept with their QR code scanners."
,Recommended,224760,14195879,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,PacBacPac,"Beautiful game, great music. Phil is ugly though"
,Recommended,224760,14196227,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Snooky431,"I've only played about 20 mins of this game so far, but it's clear that this game has a depth and intrigue that goes beyond the cutesy graphics of Gomez's village.First impressions: Difficult controls, but that might just be me- am I the only gamer who finds switching controls from one game to the next to be one of the most difficult things ever?Intriguing storyline- having not played for too long, I can't really comment, but the beginning had me hooked. If it continues on this level, I will be very impressed, frankly.I would recommend FEZ to any indie gamers like myself, or people who enjoy platformers but want another level of challenge. In fact, I would say just go for it whatever you play, because FEZ has already got me on my toes."
,Recommended,224760,1639602,"Posted: 12 July, 2013",all,Blue Devil,5d
,Recommended,224760,14215760,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,ENGAW,- Great soundtrack- Switching perspective makes for an entertaining mechanic- Awesome visual style
76561198061192240,Recommended,224760,14118589,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,TheJamaicanMon,This is one of my favorite games.
76561198009990894,Recommended,224760,14119258,"Posted: 22 January, 2015",all,Zed Word,An almost-classic that eventually gets bogged down under repetitive and uninspired level design. A chore to get 100% completion. I recommend getting enough cubes to beat the game once and get out.
76561197980113853,Recommended,224760,14283195,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,We Win Gracie,"Loved it, zen type feeling all throughout the game.  Very creative.  A must play."
76561198151470751,Recommended,224760,14321234,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,Nautred,Absolutely great game. I liked everything about this game and was surprised how well it was made. Can be at times really frustrating (lava hell) and very difficult.
,Recommended,224760,14658571,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,benthic,Spin spin jump climbSpin jump spin spinSpin cube jump fallLather rinse repeat9/10 ate my own fez
,Recommended,224760,7515148,"Posted: 29 October, 2013",all,MrPizza79,"Love the originality, so different from anything I've ever played! But if Paper Mario had a kid with Qbert, this would be it."
,Recommended,224760,14721547,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Giodude,Genius conception! FEZ will make you rethink the concept of space in three dimensions. It incorporates succesfully the features of the reimagined space into a series of creative puzzles. Great game-time/price ratio (10.6 hrs for 76% completion).
76561198145147046,Recommended,224760,14732306,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,Ted Cruz,Terrific game with amazing mechanics
,Recommended,224760,14844054,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Sköll,<3
76561197998512328,Recommended,224760,14843867,"Posted: 11 March, 2015",all,Balthasaear,"Overall, the game has outstanding quality and production values, is a joy to play, and must be experienced at least once.The Good-Imaginative worlds and fun gameplay.-Fluid and vibrant pixel animations.-Creative and mind boggling puzzles.-The Soundtrack is amazing-A game that shows that hey... we don't need a bunch of mindless violence to make a good video game, we can acheive success with a childlike sense of exploration and wonder.The Bad-It's somewhat difficult to travel everywhere, even with the warp zones. A fast travel system would've suited this game well.-The ending didn't really satisfy... it's more about the journey than the destination. Which can also be a good point, because man, it was a journey.-Even though the soundtrack is amazing, you hardly hear the music playing... it's mostly just wind noise. Which is fine,but a person like myself would love to hear more of the gorgeous music played more often.P.S. Buy the game regardless of what you think of Phil Fish. Whatever controversial comments he made does not affect the quality of the game one bit."
,Recommended,224760,14682792,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Ched ][ : The Squeakquel,Great Game
,Recommended,224760,8099420,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Johann,Perfect platforming and the coolest code-language I've seen in a game since... since... since...
,Recommended,224760,8106207,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Stimularity,"This game is incredibly immersive with entrancing, ambient music and gorgeous landscapes. The simple gameplay makes it easy to pick up and enjoy but, it is not easy to master Fez.You could relax and explore while solving simple puzzles or attempt to crack the cryptic symbols and messages hidden all over the world.I have replayed this game multiple times and I highly recommend it. If you enjoy puzzle platformers you may not find a better one."
,Recommended,224760,8107828,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Discardedfate,"worth it, challenging on some parts but hey! you just have fun playing the game"
,Recommended,224760,8109826,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Tipsheda,"By far one of the most beautiful games in video game history, despite being pixelated.  The artstyle, colors, and animations are simply perfect in every aspect.  The gameplay is very addicting as well with a subtle underlying story slowly advancing in the background."
,Recommended,224760,8072644,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,vegetal - Lonely Drivers,Really good game but all the stupid big companies are copying the design and gui's.
76561197963093904,Recommended,224760,8182946,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,={FH}=Sickboy,"Having played this game for 2 hours now, I am very impressed with it.  Its a great game giving the intial impression of a simple 2D platformer then opens up into a 3D puzzling world.Most impressive new idea of gameplay ive seen for a while.Definitely worth your money!!!!"
76561198040819455,Recommended,224760,8183193,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,minimalanimal,Super fun. Good puzzles.Loads of stuff to discover.
,Recommended,224760,3718551,"Posted: 7 September, 2013",all,funny bunny,FEZ
76561198071727647,Recommended,224760,7796614,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Jeffery,ohmygod amazing
,Recommended,224760,7797643,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Famdroid,"Very cool, worth! Nice controller support. Molly likes it too!"
,Recommended,224760,3785294,"Posted: 8 September, 2013",all,gooze,"Beautiful, fun, sounds awesome, cheap, and mind bending."
76561198089411956,Recommended,224760,14182953,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,super mcnasty,"This is what I think about the GAME, not the developer. The game is unique with the way you solve puzzles and platforming sections. I've had a lot of fun exploring the areas the game has to offer. There is certainly variety in the areas and each one feels unique. I like how certain brance off into other ones, and there are more of the cubes to collect; so it makes exploring very rewarding and fun. I got this game for around $2, so I definately recommend you to pick it up for it's price. I would say it is still worth it's $10 price when it isn't on sale."
76561197974242419,Recommended,224760,14186168,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Dr.Procter,I saw this game had alot of bad feedback but i dont think thats the case. Ive only been playing te game for a few hours and i love it. Its a pretty simple game that you can just get on with.
,Recommended,224760,14187891,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Sdchoni,The best puzzle game I've ever played
,Recommended,224760,14413297,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,NPDgames,I Really enjoyed playing this game. Unique gameplay and challenging puzzles kept me entertained. This was a great game!!!
76561198160092050,Recommended,224760,14417973,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,aet0903,This game is Amazing 9.5/10
76561198117901730,Recommended,224760,14392985,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,☭ Ɉλ©Ҡ ☭,"FEZ is a very amazing game with an interesting original mechanic. The biggest problem is that there are times when it is necessary to have to look at a guide or walktrough for answers on certian puzzles. Despite this, I very highly recommend FEZ."
,Recommended,224760,7516664,"Posted: 29 October, 2013",all,Jango,"Cannot recommend this game more. It is such a calming experience, and it has great gameplay to it. I bought it at the same time that I bought Super Meat Boy, and after struggling in SMB for a few levels or so, FEZ helped me calm down. It's music is lovely, and it's environment is stunning. I sincerely wish that FEZ II had not been cancelled, to see this story continue."
76561198071782740,Recommended,224760,7793864,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Supernova,11/10. One of the best indie games I've ever played. A must in every gamers collection.
,Recommended,224760,6099791,"Posted: 14 August, 2013",all,Derynator,"Beautiful, original, charismatic, well-balanced, fun game Fez is. It was really well done. One of the most beautiful game I've ever played. I'm a big fan of pixel art so this game was made for me!"
,Recommended,224760,7564024,"Posted: 3 November, 2013",all,slaw,"The single hardest puzzle game you will find.  Without the use of the internet and a guide, this game is elusive.  The secrets that are hidden within plain view is incredible.  Hats off to Polytron and Phil Fish for designing this beast, clearly a work of art, like a stained glass window, carefully crafted and admired for it's bueaty and intrigue.  This game will be questioned for years.."
,Recommended,224760,1995583,"Posted: 19 August, 2013",all,Sadface,"Phil Fish worked on this game for 5 years; it was ambitious, it was difficult, and it all paid off - this game is fantastic. The gameplay is innovative and fun, the art is beautiful, the puzzles are fiendish and clever, and the music is really nice as well.This game is definitely worth paying money for. Support the devs of this game."
76561198041149581,Recommended,224760,7809320,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Stinkfist,Elegantly designed and beautifully executed.This is the most immersive game I've ever played and I simply love how it is mined with details and more details that make you really feel inside its world.It is one of my favorite games EVER.
,Recommended,224760,1207735,"Posted: 6 June, 2013",all,Igno,"An amazingly fun puzzler. This game has a TON of secrets and getting them all can be annoyingly difficult at times, but the game can be completed without them. The music and detailed pixel art, animations, and sounds that accompany the game make the whole experience feel amazing! I'd recommend playing with headphones and an Xbox 360 controller for the most complete experience."
,Recommended,224760,374139,"Posted: 13 July, 2013",all,Zynon,This game drew me in without me even realizing it. Definitely a good $5 purchase.
76561197969451188,Recommended,224760,355038,"Posted: 1 May, 2013",all,ᴿᴺᴳ Mjølnir,"A very innovative game, that plugs on the nostalgia strings with its charming 8 bit graphics and music.Its a mix of jump'n'run and puzzle game. You need to collect all the cubes spread out in a level to progress to the next map. The key mechanic of the game is the abiltiy to spin a level 360 degrees, revealing hidden pathways, treasure or doors. For example, one treasure seems out of reach, spin the room, and all of a sudden you will see a platform was hiding behind a wall enabling you to make the jump. It forces you to think in full 3 dimensions.If you watched the documentary Indie Game, you will know that the dude who made this game went through financial and personal hell to get this done. Makes me feel good if I can reward his vision and hard work with some money. The game is only 10 bucks, get it!"
,Recommended,224760,1156738,"Posted: 26 June, 2013",all,Tim 'YM' Johnson,"Regardless of what you think of Phil Fish (he's secretly superman), FEZ is a fantastic game. Briliant atmosphere, briliant art, briliant music.The puzzles are a little less brilliant and getting from place to place an be an absolute nightmare as it's essentially one big labyrinth but overall is a very compelling experience."
,Recommended,224760,1914445,"Posted: 5 May, 2013",all,Large Leader,"Fez is a game that takes what was wonderful about video games of the past, and intertwines them with more modern and innovative ideas of our current generation of games. The environments and ambience are breath-taking, the gameplay stays refreshing, and the fez-adorned hero Gomez, is as fun to play as as he is adorable...While Fez may not have a lot of back-story, the heart of Fez lies in the gameplay and environments. While Fez appears to be a platformer at heart, Fez is even more so a challenging puzzle game that encourages ""outside-the-box"" thinking constantly. Simpler puzzles involve manipulating the world in it's 2D to 3D perspective, while more complicated ones require decoding a fictional language of odd shapes and tetrinomos. Be warned, you may become frustrated and be forced to turn to the internet in some cases (at some point, you will need to scan a QR code to find out the button combination for a puzzle, those without smartphones may have a difficult time).Some of Fez's critics say that the game tries to hard to be ""indie"". While some are obligated to say such, I believe that Fez imbraces it's own ""indie quirkiness"" in a way that is enjoyable, and artistic. Even if you are not a fan of older games, Fez is a must buy for those who can appreciate a passionatly crafted and artistic game like this."
,Recommended,224760,5183967,"Posted: 12 September, 2013",all,Hobo Baby,This game is amazing. It's a very tricky puzzler with a lot of polish. Some puzzles seem to be nearly impossible without looking them up on the web. I would overall recommend this game to anyone that can tolerate puzzle games and appreciate the art style.
76561198059966256,Recommended,224760,13097210,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,doorclam,This game is amazing im only just beggining in it and its awesome
,Recommended,224760,13097632,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,anckerboy24,"Great game, just don't look into the developer politics of the game. Just play and enjoy.If you love platforming, 8bit, puzzles, and illusions, then this game is just for you. Fez plays fun and is a unique platform experience. You play on a 4-faced 2D world where you control the world and switch to the other 3 faces to get you where you need to be.Only thing to say about this is you need to do a lot of work outside of the game if you want to beat the game entirely. You need to learn a new font language in order to solve some of the puzzles and you'll need a controller with vibrations to solve some puzzles as well. This game to solve entirely is extremely difficult, but is well worth it.On a side note, if you are sick or have a bad headache, DO NOT PLAY until the headache/sickness is gone (even if it is a small headache)."
76561197960446959,Recommended,224760,13160054,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,brokenlibrarian,"No better word than ""enthralling"". For the love of god don't use a FAQ or a guide or anything, if you're not using a notepad to scribble things down on in the expectation that it will all make sense later then you're not playing it right. It's full of those fabulous moments where you feel like an absolute genius for figuring something out, and using any sort of guide will ruin that completely.Explore without hesitation and you will find something new around every corner."
76561198002510844,Recommended,224760,13345492,"Posted: 13 December, 2014",all,CAsseuS²³,kessé tu veux qu'on Fez??
,Recommended,224760,11062915,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Skyblue,"Developer made a good work but is boring as ♥♥♥♥, people wont play this if it wasnt in Indie Game: The Movie"
76561198052890869,Recommended,224760,14088642,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Ozymandias,"Immensely fun, ingenious level design, a beautifully implemented art style, all set in what I can only assume is a nod to Edwin Abbott Abbott’s Flatland.Definitely one to recommend!"
,Recommended,224760,14072568,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Enginma,"I really liked playing this game.  It's like mixing 3D Tetris with 2D Mario.  I don't know how to describe the graphics, except 8-bit textures, with pretty good 3D shading, lighting, and effects.  And no glitches that I have found unlike some other games I have bought recently.BTW if anyone has problems launching games with steam, it's probably not the game itself.  I would recommend following this because it fixed all of my issues:https://github.com/ValveSoftware/steam-runtime/issues/13(specifically 5 rm commands over halfway down the page)"
,Recommended,224760,14074393,"Posted: 19 January, 2015",all,Jason,"One of indie games finest, so beautiful, so challenging, so special.Up there with Braid and >Limbo (that's saying a lot!)"
,Recommended,224760,13934177,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Enriqué,"FEZ is a quirky little indie-platformer with a simple yet completely fresh gameplay mechanic. Gomez, the little protagonist, lives happily in a 2D world, with 2D folk, until he suddenly comes across a third dimension.Well, pretty much a third dimension. You now have the ability to rotate the world 90 degrees at a time, being able to see and interact with previously hidden objects and platfroms. Initially, the gimmick of a new perspective isn't too challenging. See a platformer too high to jump? Rotate the world to see a platform you can can get to. That ledge much too far to jump? Again, rotate the world and the gap is much less.Eventually, though, the platforming challenge becomes greater, but not impossible. The level designs are ingenious, but not overly taxing. But if you want to solve the more subtle puzzles, and collect more of the cube-pieces scattered about the world, you'll want to break out the notepad and pen.This is where FEZ really calls back to it's retro roots. The codes, passwords, and clues in some areas need to be jotted down to be used in other areas, just like the games of old. It teaches us to be classic gamers again. And the amount of humour that classic gamers will get, is always a treat (what, your companion is supposed to know what things mean?).The integration of modern mechanics is interesting as well. At times, QR codes can be found, and provided you've got a smartphone with the right app to unlock some collectables! I like this because it's not a DLC-aspect thing, it grounds you into reality. Breaking down the 4th wall, which is understandable since in the game they only just discovered the 3rd wall.The pixellated style is fantastic and varied, all of the areas have something different about them.Oh, and just be prepared for a psychedelic ending. I was not, and felt like I was falling through a rabbit-hole. If I were high, I would have been trippin' hard.Regardless, a great small game with many collectables and a fresh perspective on gaming."
,Recommended,224760,14103919,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,FourthToe,Game is legit. Not much else to say. 10/10
76561198038089027,Recommended,224760,14104218,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,cristian.nelson,Eye Candy with a retro/modern fusion. Sountrack matches the games atmosphere and places you in the world of FEZ.
76561198089017217,Recommended,224760,14084484,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,youtube.com,An amazing indie game with a unique art style an a unique idea.You start off as a boy who lives in a 2D world but when he is gifted the almighty Fez he is given the power to rotate his vision to explore the 3d world around him. filled with platforming goodness and a fun but humourous story this game is amazing.9/10
76561198134075452,Recommended,224760,13624449,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,UcMe_6,A great game! I totally recommend it!
76561198095941228,Recommended,224760,13625550,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Aquamanforlife,"MY HEAD IT HURTS SOO MUCH!!!Honestly, i really do enjoy this game, and the entire 3D/2D thing is just mind blowing, but its difficult to play for long periods. Take a break every once in a while.."
,Recommended,224760,10903656,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,david ッ,Most beautiful game i've ever seen.
,Recommended,224760,13628258,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Baphomet,Suck my ReviewChoke on IT
,Recommended,224760,13653643,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Paparazzi`V,"The mechanics are amazing, the soundtrack pretty sweet, and I love most low-graphical games like Fez or Super Meat Boy, etc.  Very much recommended."
,Recommended,224760,13460717,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Rogue Jedi,"This is a great, unique puzzle game. It gave me many hours of fun.A longer review will be written later."
76561198080450156,Recommended,224760,13594850,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,2030 Ultra,"TLDR Review:Fez is a puzzle platformer where you can shift dimensions to get around the world. The map consists of mini levels, each having their own little puzzles and doors to go to other areas.- Cute graphics- Music is nice- The game is very relaxing- Very cheap for the amount of play time it gives you, (8 hr to beat, more to find all secrets & stuff)- Puzzles are not too hard and gives you great satisfaction to beat"
76561197966921756,Recommended,224760,13595348,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Scatterbine,"Fun game.  It's a platformer puzzle game that isn't frustrating and is fun.I have probably 10 hours into it, but Steam says just a few minutes."
76561198084381994,Recommended,224760,13600295,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Likayo,Fascinating interaction between 2D and 3D
76561198163676419,Recommended,224760,13077711,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,three dog,If your into original puzzle games you'll love fez. there are many mysteries to find out and when you do it is anti-climatic. i wish there was a sequel.
,Recommended,224760,13083965,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,( ͡° ͜ʖ ͡°),hard at some points but an overall great game
,Recommended,224760,12998804,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,Ironside451,An amazingly polished game
76561198141339934,Recommended,224760,13035584,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,daut of oregon,"So much fun, absolutely delightful - i just wish there was more!!"
,Recommended,224760,13045487,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Denocan,Interesting game.
,Recommended,224760,14966359,"Posted: 19 March, 2015",all,ayayron,"bought the game without knowing anything about its creatori like this game, its cute & creative and whatnot..do yourself a favor and dont look up phil aka blowfish before considering to buy this game, because you're prolly not gonna want to support that whiny turd"
76561198042224795,Recommended,224760,14970986,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,Mr_Tacco,"Fez is a game where you are able to have discussions about the deep secrets and mystery that Fez gives the players. Curiosity and excitement lead the conversations about brain braking patterns, imaginative solutions for amazing puzzles, and most memorable level design.Fez delivers to the adventurous needs for discovery, and does so in an enjoyable and fresh way. When a catastrophic event adds the third dimension to what is to be believed to be a 2D world, Gomez, the fez wearing hero, finds that he is capable of shifting the dimensional plane.Think of it like this, the world is like a four-sided column. When you press a button, the column left or right 90 degrees. Each rotation shows a different side of the level, each of which has a range of objects to interact with. By doing this throughout the game, it changes where Gomez is able to go and how to get there. Take this experience that I had, there was no way for me to climb higher, but when I rotating the scene it reveal a hidden ladder. Fez further complicates matters when it lets objects like platforms the change your rotation.Manipulating pieces in such a way that they look traversable is all Gomez needs to navigate. In twisting the world to your will, disconnected objects become the literal stepping stones to your success. Perhaps a single platform becomes part of a wall, or positions itself within jumping distance of another platform. If two separate, smaller ladders appear as one long ladder from a certain angle, they act accordingly.Fez in on way apologies for its level of complexities, rather than learning by instructions, players are made to discover possibilities by experimenting what and how at their own pace. There's no threat in this world or consequence for death.The rotation mechanic could have made a side-scroller something far more frustrating, but thankfully the levels are all quite clear. New areas are never out of reach, and have the control of the camera; Gomez has plenty of extra chances to explore. If you are able to see a door, you can always get to it, even if you have no idea where it leads to or how to get to it.The joist tone to the writing in Fez also adds to the overall idea that this game just wants you to have fun. When first starting, before Gomez gets his fez, and ability, everyone in the town is ingrained in their 2D ways. Characters make note on how flat you're looking today (why thank you!) and the nonexistence of other dimensions. They are so sure that 3D does not exists, that it's all they will talk about. But when the cube appears, and shortly blows up, all the towns’ people become frightened of the unknown 3D. Then it's up to Gomez to find and pick up the exploded pieces.Really, Fez's true reward is experiencing its aesthetic. The amazing detail of its pixel-painted universe, the old-school-inspired music, vibrant art, and ever-changing scenery bring the brilliant world to life."
76561197992856964,Recommended,224760,8027956,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,[FOR]mica,"Fez is a 2D platformer that, upon hearing of the third dimension, was instantly fascinated and took it to heart.  But didn't entirely understand it.  This is the best mistake it could have made.   It is also a 2D platformer that takes way too much puzzle inspiration from the Myst series -- in that, there are puzzles you can only solve by noticing and interpreting patterns scrawled on the sky or the walls that are never directly remarked upon.If you like very low-level decryption and have a notebook handy, play Fez.  Explore a frankly gorgeous setting made largely of floating islands, jump from platform to platform, rotate the world, get freaked out by owls, and take screenshots.For ♥♥♥♥s sake, take lots of screenshots.One thing Fez does very well, is there's almost always something new to notice, any and every time you play it, for the entire duration.  Hidden platforms in this area, an actual meaning and use for some of those pylons you've been seeing, realizing that a certain sigil you've seen actually indicates a shortcut is hidden there, and of course the first time you manage to look down or find an anticube.  The only game that I've seen that equals it in that respect is Antichamber.Everything stays very fresh, and if you ever get stuck, walkthroughs exist.  Play Fez."
,Recommended,224760,8028032,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,rflbras,It's a great game that reminds the gold years of plattaform games and the 2d/3d mode is awesome!
,Recommended,224760,8067675,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,freshprince,"Regardless of what you think about Phil Fish, this game is incredible. The artwork, the mechanics, the soundtrack. It's all amazing. If you grew up on NES platformers you'll like this game."
76561198019906160,Recommended,224760,3270927,"Posted: 16 June, 2013",all,NetMoverSitan,"A 2.5D that can be a challenge, but fun to those that want to think their way around problems rather than jump on them or shoor fireballs. It doesn't hand-hold like co-op shooters, so it makes you think about how to deal with problems."
76561198104075501,Recommended,224760,7381249,"Posted: 13 October, 2013",all,Penguinwithagun,it's a fun 3D puzzle game
76561197970953274,Recommended,224760,8074747,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,drhqnril,"To indepth for a person with full time employement. I was having a little fun, this game isn't designed for a little fun. It needs hardcore."
,Recommended,224760,8046288,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Dhat Guy,"I deeply enjoyed several aspects of this game. First of all it's beautful, secondly it's a fun platform puzzler, and thirdly there are just a ton of secrets to find even after you've finished the main story / quest.It's a charming game that I highly recommend to anyone who enjoys platform puzzlers."
76561198073434264,Recommended,224760,8051215,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Baked Goods,Absoultely amazing game!  My personal game of the year 2013.  This game is a must play!
76561198049174620,Recommended,224760,8065853,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,...o0\neralcm/0o...,This game has really taken hold of me.
,Recommended,224760,4399435,"Posted: 11 May, 2013",all,fartbird,"FEZ is fantastic, but it's like being served a 5 star meal by a walking, talking, giant turd that spews diarrhea every time it talks. Basically I'm making a shot at the huge ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ author of this fantastic title."
76561197973675187,Recommended,224760,7954597,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,kham,Immersif challenging and beatifull platformer. Really good casual game!
76561197991263703,Recommended,224760,7955462,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,TruTs,"I have mixed feelings about this game, but I guess I'm leaning more towards the ""I didn't quite like it"" side of things. Firstly, the game's graphics are gorgeous and the sound and music flawless. The game's mechanics are awesome as well with all that turning the 2D world and allowing you to see it from a diferent angle thingy. But unfortunately, I think they made some pretty poor design decisions in some areas, wich made it really annoying for me to keep playing it to completion. I gathered all the cubes necessary to open the last door and finish the game. By doing that you are able to play the New Game+ and finish collecting the rest of the cubes or whaterever you have left unfinished. Exploring a level or solving a puzzle is really satisfying, but navigating through the wolrd is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥and really discouraging. Although you are basically free to roam to anywhere you want, you can't do it quickly and effectively. The problem is, you are not able to go back to a specific location you have previously been at without having to walk all the way back to it. Sure there are a few portals, but mostly are used only as a one way shortcut to the hub area. It also doesn't help that the map is gimmicky and not very helpful. If that wasn't enough, the game has a bunch of different codes, sometimes hidden, all over the world and you can use them to get some of the cubes, which is really a cheat code and one more thing to discourage you to go finish the remaining puzzles. One really good comparison to the attrocity that is FEZ's map and discouragement to do its puzzles, is the game Antichamber. In Antichamber you are encouraged to keep exploring the world, finding new paths and ways to solve a problem, and even though it is as interconnected or even more as FEZ the map is very clear, easy to use and to read. All I wanted was to simply get to the areas I left unexplored, to do all the puzzles and get all the cubes, but getting there was a chore and a waste of time. All I wanted was to play FEZ, but it kept pushing me away. If you don't mind this problems you will certainly enjoy it in it's full form, otherwise you'll do like me and enjoy it until the part where it becomes a chore."
,Recommended,224760,7959406,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,UnlimitedWarrior,"""CANCELLING FEZ 2!!"" - DunkeyGG, would play"
,Recommended,224760,7883911,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,AugustVance,"FEZ is one of the best games I've played.Overall, it is a difficult game, but the difficult puzzles add an element of challenge that otherwise wouldn't be there because of the absence of enemies or other common game dangers. The 2D/3D mechanic is very unique and gives the locations and puzzles a different kind of twist.There are also some parts of the game that, when observed carefully, reveal a larger story behind the game's main plot. I have a theory..but I will not give any of that away. :) I just thought it was really cool that the developers put so much thought into this game.Aside from the puzzles and excellent plot advancement of the game, the gameplay is really enjoyable. Each location is well-made, down to the smallest details, like little animals and intricate textures. The 8-bit feel mixed with the modern graphics can be a bit nostalgic while remaining new and fresh.The music is absolutely fantastic. Most of the locations have their own unique music (most noticeably the main warp gate locations). The soundtrack includes both soft, more ambient-type music like ""Compass"" and ""Memory,"" as well as music with more of a beat to it, like ""Sync"" and ""Glitch."" It also has a kind of an intentional-bitcrushed feel that matches the style of the game.I actually enjoy the music/gameplay so much that sometimes I will find a location with nice music and scenery (like the lighthouse location, for example) and just stand there for a while, looking at the little animals and listening to the music. :)My only critique is that the plot never really resolves fully..the big cube breaks into pieces at the beginning of the game, and once you get all the cube pieces and beat the game, the big cube still is broken after the ending cutscene. However, this doesn't take away from the overall enjoyability of the game. (Perhaps Fez 2 would have resolved this? I'm so sad they canceled that)Overall, I strongly recommend this game. It really is great."
,Recommended,224760,7884473,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,Ken,"Fez is a wonderful game!The graphics made with love and the whole atmosphere looks amazing.At first you may be confused because of the special gameplay, but after some time you'll love that game and can't stop playing it.It's really special how the game combines and plays around with the 2D and 3D world.If you like indie games, this game is a must have!"
,Recommended,224760,7885332,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,dweezler,"A beautiful platformer with a great story, great gameplay and ended up being well worth the wait.  Once again, it's beautiful."
,Recommended,224760,7966048,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,tkromncr,"This is one of my absolute FAVORITE platformers that I've EVER played. Scratch that. One of my all-time FAVORITE games that I've played in my life. The game mechanic was very unique and user friendly. I've never played a game with such a relaxed feel to it before. Having the opportunity to be able to stop and take everything in, is truly awe-inspiring. I know that Polytron and Phil Fish may be gone for good. I really hope this won't always be the case, but if it is, I think I'll be ok, simply for the fact that FEZ is a masterpiece."
,Recommended,224760,8085305,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,amplified cactus,"This game is totally worth the money.  If you don't like platformers, than this game isn't for you. The music is awesome"
,Recommended,224760,8097839,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Rob Gee,"This game doesn't have levels, it has layers, like an onion. I'm still peeling them back. Fantastic."
76561197976673116,Recommended,224760,8099149,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,dhuyberts,Great game. What a unique game play experience.
,Recommended,224760,6957524,"Posted: 15 May, 2013",all,Gentle Mane,"Incredibly confusing, yet impossible to put down."
,Recommended,224760,8129158,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,720,"FEZ is a game that truly deserves a high score. The sound is amazing and the overall look of the game is stunning for an 8-bit platformer. You play as Gomez, a little guy on a huge adventure. Along the way you find small cube bits to create bigger cube bits, to unlock more levels. I haven't finished the game yet, but I will be playing it for alot longer.FEZ has no real cons, but the control system took a little time for me to get used to. Don't worry, you can always edit the controls in the menu. The sounds in the game really bring the game to life, even if it is just the crash of waves at the seaside, to little squeaks from rats and mice in dark corners. Tiny birds fly around you on your journey as well. The story is not hard to get a handle on, and flows with the whole story well. The levels are all unique, but somehow interlock with eachother through the warp gates (I won't give too much away).Overall, FEZ is a challenging, wonderful little platformer, and for $10, you can't get better quality. If you enjoy casual games where you can pick up and play at any time, or if you don't feel like the usual graphic-heavy action shooter, give FEZ a go, I think it was definitely worth it. 9.4/10"
,Recommended,224760,8130543,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Daemon,"Simple, but still beautiful. Stunning graphics & music. A delight of gaming."
76561198112722851,Recommended,224760,8131799,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,the_soviak,"This is the perfect game for a lazy day on the couch.Pros: Relaxing gameplay, beautiful world design, and incredible music.Cons: Keyboard/Mouse control not the easiest for this game, but that's expected.For me, this one was well worth the wait. I wish we'd be able to see more from the mind of Phil Fish. Too bad that'll likely never happen."
,Recommended,224760,626550,"Posted: 2 May, 2013",all,Buster Gonad,"took long enough to arrive, but worth the wait"
,Recommended,224760,8222226,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Wyverald,"A lovely puzzle-adventure platformer with an interesting mechanic and a pretty big world setting. The visuals are around the best you can get in pixel-land, the attention to details is amazing (look at the critters!), the music is easy to the ear, and the puzzles range nicely from piece-of-cake to manageable to really hardcore. The only downside for me is the plot, which the game doesn't really seem to have one; but this is definitely outweighed by the good parts. I really recommend this game!"
,Recommended,224760,8223235,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Garbage Elemental,"This game makes you think, and I love that to death.It's like if you took something on the scale of Myst, no, even larger... And then added in challenging and thought-provoking platforming with a unique and unforgettable twist.If a game can make one ponder dimensions, universes, time, and existance as a whole, then it's certainly something special.This. Game.Play it."
76561198044056818,Recommended,224760,8225864,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Rossage,Great game. Definately worth picking it up at £3.49
76561197965305562,Recommended,224760,8226530,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Minuteman,Excellent!
76561198037456758,Recommended,224760,8184031,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Baribro,"Much good, Very recommend, Wow"
,Recommended,224760,8184218,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,nattysaid,Cool!
,Recommended,224760,8184487,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,jguapo27,Really cool game.
76561198043083643,Recommended,224760,8186597,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Joshee,its great 9/10
,Recommended,224760,8187750,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Brain_User,This one I would recommend for two reasons. You can't go wrong with the price point and it will keep you playing long into the night. I found it hard to put down. Just one more corner.. Okay just one more door... Buy it!
,Recommended,224760,5459230,"Posted: 12 September, 2013",all,shinigami,"Really innovative puzzler, love this game"
76561198097962489,Recommended,224760,8189091,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Nasty Patty,Play Fez so you can expirience a 2D world in a 3D awesome platformer! Or ya know get it to adore the white cute little thing known as Gomez
,Recommended,224760,8230531,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,jake a guy,"This game is a real blast. If you like standard side scrolling platformers, but also like a sense of exploration and freedom, all with a unique twist that reminds me of paper mario in a sense, this game is for you."
,Recommended,224760,8230774,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Very_Game_wow_2x,Sick mastermind who created this piece of software
,Recommended,224760,8231333,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Lunain,very beautiful game and awesome controls
76561198040599777,Recommended,224760,8231643,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Thunda,"This game challenges my brain more than any ""puzzle games"" and it is cheaper than most."
76561198050496995,Recommended,224760,8233075,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,arihaniscool,This is my♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,224760,8233986,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,>Red<,"An Absolute MasterPiece!Love This Game, Love The Story, Love The Colours, Graphics And Pretty Much Everything!HIGHLY RECOMMENDED!!! A Must Buy During The Sale As It Is Incredibly Cheap Also!"
76561198065692473,Recommended,224760,6410168,"Posted: 13 July, 2013",all,TehFancyMan,"Absolutely brilliant. Amazing fun whenever you are bored. Amazing art style, music, sound, ect. and the puzzles are the perfect difficulty to figure out. Absolutely great."
,Recommended,224760,8234727,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Massive Thumbs,I'm really digging this game.  It's a lot of fun.
,Recommended,224760,12366989,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Aesandre,"This game is a fantastic example of compelling story, solid game mechanics, and excellent sound design."
,Recommended,224760,2326086,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,Jarlarko,"If you're gonna grab be sure to use a gamepad to play, its much more intuitive and comfortable with this particular port.Good game, even though I got it in a sale would happily pay full price."
,Recommended,224760,11903487,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Baldrick,"A fun, clever and above all, stunningly beautiful experience. The open-ended, minimal information approach may get you lost or stuck from time to time, but nothing that should worry you unless you're after 100% completion.Also, for those that have been living under a rock, please note that a large number of negative reviews are completely unrelated to the game itself, and are rather just part of a vicious harassing campaign some people never seem to get tired of fueling."
,Recommended,224760,4260977,"Posted: 4 August, 2013",all,Xelios,"In Fez, you play as Gomez, a cute creature who lives in a two-dimensional world but one day encounters a mysterious entity that grants him the ability to perceive the third dimension—allowing you to rotate the 2D environments 360 degrees, in 90-degree increments.The game is a retro adventure through a world brimming with secrets and unconventional puzzles you must solve to earn cubes and open up new areas. Platforming requires you to utilize the rotatable world rather than traditional platforming skill, with each turn repositioning platforms, recalculating the distance between objects and revealing additional exits and puzzle elements.Fez is not a game for the impatient, those who need something explicitly motivating them at all times or who require action to keep their attention; it is slow-moving, requires thinking outside the box and, at times, seems to merge into one giant puzzle. Most puzzles are quite clever even if many hints are cryptic. Only a couple of puzzles turned out obtuse in their implementation.A few things keep Fez from being perfect, including a somewhat confusing map and the fact solutions to a couple of puzzles needed to “100%” the game are not actually in the game and must be looked up; certainly a blemish on what is an otherwise engrossing adventure, thanks in no small part to the great soundtrack.  As someone who enjoys being thrown into a world and left to my own devices to learn how it works, Fez was a psychologically rewarding experience."
,Recommended,224760,12286338,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,Subcomandante Calisto,"Beautifull, inspiring, fun, intriging, this game will take you back to what gaming is really about. You will be enchanted by its poetry and its universe. A true masterpiece!"
,Recommended,224760,12292915,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Daemien,"FEZ apparently has a storied history, one that I am gladly ignorant of. Much like music, I try not to judge an artist on anything except their art; bringing other characteristics into the mix only muddies the water. I'm going to ignore the creator as anything other than an entity that made this game, because that is what we are talking about.FEZ is definitely a game worth talking about, where you love it or hate it. It employs a collection of fairly basic mechanics: move, jump, and rotate the world to solve puzzles. These qualities aren't what makes it good, however, and to be frank, the controls are a bit lacking: the main character is a bit difficult to control at times, especially when attempting mid-jump world rotations. Indeed, even the puzzles themselves are bit bare-bones, hiding collectibles behind objects, or requiring that you spin the world about in a certain pattern, like entering the Konami code with reality. Honestly, the most laudable quality this game has is the willingness to make the player work. It doesn't offer much in the way of solutions for some of it's trickier puzzles, like decoding an ancient language, so you are going to need a notepad for this one. And if you want to tuck into some of the really interesting puzzles, you're going to need a way to scan QR codes, or have a controller with a rumble feature. But it's these features that I appreciate, because like many modern games, modern puzzle games are just too safe. Everything is self-contained, presenting itself as conundrum and solution in one tidy package, and that kind of ruins the experience. FEZ, on the other hand, looks you dead in the eye and says ""you've got some work to do"", and when you do your work and solve the puzzle, it feels good.Does this mean there are some puzzles you might physically not be able to solve? Yes, yes it does. But, you see, we live in the age of the internet, and nothing is truly unsolvable. This is a good thing, though! It means that developers can be a bit more eccentric when they build puzzles, take a few more risks, because ultimately the player will find the answer they need and everyone is happy.Tying this whole package together is the visual ribbon. The style is simple, colorful, charming and varied, making the very act of exploration rewarding in its own right. The locations even elicit emotions from you; loneliness, wonder, and even a sense of relaxation, which helps take the edge off of some frustratingly obtuse puzzles.I recommend that people try FEZ, not because it is a flawless construct, but because it does things that are really interesting, and it deserves to be recognized for its gusto."
,Recommended,224760,4044144,"Posted: 12 August, 2013",all,CronoMaiden,great game 10/10 recommmend
,Recommended,224760,12296844,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,TheDContinuum,Whoa.  Just...whoa.  I think my only complaint is that the map is sort of useless for helping you try to get to a certain area.  But there's lots of things to collect and the concept of a 3D world being accessed by a 2D character makes even the most frustrating areas/levels of the game totally worth it.
,Recommended,224760,601375,"Posted: 12 July, 2013",all,Zaranil,Charming and enjoyable puzzle platformer.
76561197999410439,Recommended,224760,12515942,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Dragonclone,Absolutely love this game..stupidly addictive!
,Recommended,224760,12393655,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,AleSatan,So peaceful. So charming. Play Fez and let the warm fuzzies wash over you.
,Recommended,224760,1242803,"Posted: 5 September, 2013",all,LA,"Fez is one of the smartest platformers ever made.  Brimming with secrets, Fez will challenge your reflexes as well as your ability to decypher complex coded and spatial informaton.  A+"
,Recommended,224760,12535658,"Posted: 17 October, 2014",all,Mayas,"This game is awesome! Its a 3D inside a 2D game (sounds weird isn't it? but it is.). Great puzzles, loved it!"
76561197970545662,Recommended,224760,426531,"Posted: 15 July, 2013",all,ZooC0d3,Perfect game for chillin out to.
76561198014922770,Recommended,224760,2944623,"Posted: 26 September, 2013",all,Rebootcomputa,"This has to be one of the most surprisingly epic Indie games of all time, briliant mechanics, good story, great feel. gameplay and very clever! MUST PLAY!"
76561198097394220,Recommended,224760,12436969,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,gilbertaoe,"Loved the game, artwork, and the soundtrak!!"
76561197973186528,Recommended,224760,618712,"Posted: 28 July, 2013",all,TuSlayer,Makes one wonder what experiencing a 4th dimension of space would be like in RL.ok brains hurting now...
76561198064590567,Recommended,224760,12432428,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,lukasa,"Good price, great game."
,Recommended,224760,12610153,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,Shirdel,"Absolutely fantastic game; it's one of the few good games that has no enemies. Downsides are the fact that the platforming sections are really easy (for the most part) while the puzzles are really hard (again for the most part), the story is a bit weak and the ending and the fact that some of the game's secrets still haven't been found can be unsatisfactory; but the gameplay, the artwork, the music, the layout and the scenery, it's all absolutely incredible. The feel of the game and its features are unlike anything I've ever played before.If you play a game for the journey and the experience, you'll love FEZ. If you play a game because you want to play something unique, you'll love FEZ. And otherwise you'll still at least really enjoy it. Absolutely recommend."
76561198087067656,Recommended,224760,12599169,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,shock_ez,"There was something about FEZ that at first I didn't like; it actually sat unplayed for months after I put 15 minutes into it. Something about it being confusing and not all that gripping.Then I picked it up again and realized what I'd been missing. Once you can get over that initial confusion and into the huge mazelike world, the immersive music, and the puzzles, you're hooked. You want to unlock it all!But that will take you a while. Maybe I'm stupid, but a lot of the game still baffles and frustrates me.Great for short casual sessions...if you can tear yourself away."
,Recommended,224760,7987720,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,InkPilgrim,9/10Gorgeous piece of art.
,Recommended,224760,7988816,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Faggot Salad,"One of the rare gems I've played in the past years.I loved the music it plays, it relaxes me as I solve the puzzles no matter how frustrating it is.The colours used are lovely.Also, this serves as the longest indie game I've played.10 hours of gaming enjoying getting lost and finding pieces and looking for maps.Though it could be frustrating getting lost, but I just admired the environment.Encourages me to think outside the box.One of the most innovative games out there.Very clever puzzles.It such a stunning game that everyone needs to play."
,Recommended,224760,3124888,"Posted: 16 May, 2013",all,DaMan,good gamejackass dev
,Recommended,224760,7995374,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,robertoxmed,This game is so addictive!!!! Recommend it 100% if you like puzzlesSick pixel art too :)
76561198014388581,Recommended,224760,8884810,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,HOT MEMEY LOADS,"Great game, engaging plot and lots of exploring."
76561198075770940,Recommended,224760,6805280,"Posted: 21 September, 2013",all,Backup_sound,great inde game i love it
,Recommended,224760,8957930,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,TheFroMofo,"There are no real words to describe this game. It is beyond original, amazing pixel artwork, fluid controls, great story, fantastic gameplay, an amazing feature that gives the platforming genre a new persepctive, and puzzels that will really make you think. More people seriously need to play this game. It's only $10 too. Wow. Just wow."
,Recommended,224760,8357103,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,fiveeyes,"You should play this. Fun puzzle game, doesn't do anything mindblowing, but does involve a large variety of puzzles. I really enjoyed the background and how it told a story through the atmosphere (i.e. through pictures, random tidbits)."
76561198055462935,Recommended,224760,8358253,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,SIgnalslouch,Crazy dimension changing makes this an awesome platformer.
,Recommended,224760,8346186,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,BadBannana,"I have mixed feelings about this. As a game it's a pretty good platformer with a unique twist. On the other hand Phil Fish helped develop it. He's basically a troll who was allowed to see sunlight. However there was other people working on this and I'm reviewing the game not the people who made it. 3/5 Phil, you let the team down."
,Recommended,224760,8346301,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Hossssssssssss,Just a great puzzle game. Innovative and unique.
76561198082393057,Recommended,224760,8347073,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,KDOT,"This is one of the best indie games on the market. Sucks that FEZ 2 was canceled, i give it 10/10"
,Recommended,224760,8370803,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Mantrid,"I had so much fun playing Fez. Art style, game dynamics, and puzzles are all top notch. Thanks Phil Fish."
,Recommended,224760,8347653,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,キクヒメ,"You know, when i first bought this game i was charmed by the art style, the puzzles are clever, the music is simply stunning and the atmosphere is always chilling and mystic.I found myself playing it for a few hours before realizing this was a good game...But... every good thing has it's flaws, and i mean BIG flaws, as you might have noticed by my lack of game hours (if you are a creep that just watches people's game hours) i found many bugs, glitches and freezes. Sometimes i wondered if it was my computer or just faulty programming... and it was faulty programming. I get it, ok? It's a indie game, but good lord, i played many Indie games and i didn't had this many issues. I saw the Polytron forums and they were FILLED with bug reports and crash reports, i asked for help, and they didn't know what to do.This has to be one of the worst X-Box port that i have ever seen in a long time.If you want to play this game and you enjoy it, then enjoy it, it's your money and your time and you choose how to spend them. I, sadly, should had waited for the steam sales and get it cheaper, because the HUGE amount of bugs that this game has are not worth 10 bucks.P.S: F.uck you, Phil Fish."
,Recommended,224760,4628882,"Posted: 8 May, 2013",all,sfiq,One of the best indie games I've played.It's about Perspective.You've collected all 64 Cubes?You've beaten the game!?Wrong.
,Recommended,224760,8428548,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,FarJek,I ate a taco and died 10/10
,Recommended,224760,8429131,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,FranzMan,Indie game at its best.Little bit overhyped but still a very good game.
,Recommended,224760,8431236,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,TheMonkeyLegacy,Great game and pretty cheap too. :)
,Recommended,224760,7385338,"Posted: 14 October, 2013",all,festival_noodle,gooooood~!
,Recommended,224760,8418972,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Lijax,"Oh god, Phil Fish, you're so hot."
,Recommended,224760,8419332,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Aero,Expanding your mind one cube at a time.-fez
76561198057973745,Recommended,224760,8412828,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Fox,"Beautiful Game, the pixel art is incredible and the gameplay is super fun. The Story Is super creative and catching. 10/10"
76561197987202969,Recommended,224760,1121712,"Posted: 28 August, 2013",all,kreegdog,"I find it very sad that Fez creator Phil Fish allowed internet trolls to cause him to cancel the development of Fez 2! Why? Because I loved every minute of Fez! I think I had a smile on my face for every second of the nearly 30 hours I invested in this game. Part platformer/part puzzler/part ""what do you mean I have to devise algorithims to 100% this game?"" but pure joy all the time if you love throwbacks to old 8 bit/16 bit NES and SNES masterpieces. This more than does those games justice and is a masterpiece in and of itself!"
,Recommended,224760,2621597,"Posted: 2 May, 2013",all,Argentum,"Being one of those ""must play"" indie games, Fez exploits the same familiar ""8-bit nostalgia"", as many other titles of the genre (Superbrothers: Sword and Sworcery being a notable example), while having its own, unique charm, both visual and audible. Those looking for a platformer will find a couple of interesting game mechanics throughout the game, but will probably end up beating it only partially. The real fun starts with the game's cryptic puzzles, compelling the player to crack its internal language and gather the whole picture, though sometimes tempting them to look up the solution on the Internet (spoiling the joy of revelation, of course)."
76561198034183127,Recommended,224760,4227092,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,YottaJoules,tHE THIRD DIMENSION?!?!
,Recommended,224760,4349668,"Posted: 17 May, 2013",all,Jealson,One of the greatest games I have ever had the pleasure of completing.
,Recommended,224760,7885836,"Posted: 2 December, 2013",all,BasicJohn,I would recommend this game to anyone! It was a fantastic playthrough.
76561198040898902,Recommended,224760,10674247,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Wavefunction,On of the best games exploration/puzzle games
,Recommended,224760,10674940,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Era Amunet,really fun game!
,Recommended,224760,10675236,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,JustTurrible,"Fun game that engages you in an intellectual way whilst making your eyes explode with silly 2D graphics, loved it!"
,Recommended,224760,10675665,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,ninetoyadome,"Very good and fun game, some tricky puzzles"
,Recommended,224760,10675837,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,OmniRemix,"One of my favorite games.Everyone should play this ingenious experience.It's beautiful, awe-inspring, creative, fun, and thought-provoking."
,Not Recommended,224760,10677274,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,inhyeon,"This game is for masochists, but you can't tell that right away. Oh no, it entices you with its cute graphics and adorable fez-sporting hero, Gomez, who lives in a 2D world which suddenly opens up to him when a whole new third dimension is revealed. He goes on to explore it and solve various puzzles along the way.Some of the puzzles are easy, but the further you progress, the more difficult they get, and honestly, some of them are simply unfair in that they are nearly impossible to solve using normal methods - some were only solved by gamers via brute-forcing (or knowing the answer in advance and trying to find a solution that resulted in it). This is not acceptable for me in a puzzle game and only serves to frustrate and anger... and waste a ton of time. Unsolvable puzzles scream bad design to me. Moreover, there are a few QR codes that you have to scan throughout the game, giving you easy answers to otherwise much more complicated puzzles... unless, of course, you cannot scan them, which was what happened in my case - my phone simply refused to recognise them (perhaps the contrast was too low, as QR codes are meant to be black and white, not light purple and slightly darker purple).As such, I can only recommend this game to people who enjoy the dissatisfaction of NOT winning the game entirely through their own efforts. While the price (especially when on sale) is very reasonable, it's just too painful a gaming experience - I expected enjoyment when I bought it and got rather less of it than I hoped for!"
,Not Recommended,224760,10469724,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,∫,"I watched the trailer, and, thinking it was a very interesting game, I spent some money on it. I was not really happy with the decision.Pros:- Interesting gameplay mechanics with the switching of views.Cons:- Bad grammar and/or English. However still understandable.- Very, very, very reliant on ridiculous puzzle solving and cryptography.Overall I would give it a 6/10. Not recommended, but still slightly interesting nonetheless."
76561198061509877,Recommended,224760,10680007,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,TheTheorox,"Vibrant, charming and unique, Fez is a game that gives you a real sense of adventure and, occasionally, wonder. A beautifully realized and lovingly crafted puzzle platformer with plenty of secrets. I can't think of many games that make me feel so happy and at peace as Fez has."
,Recommended,224760,10783319,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Mazi,I recommend 100 percent!!!
,Recommended,224760,11512673,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,NanoDrive,"Fez is a game where you can just escape from everything and immerse yourself in a new enviroment full of peace and curiousity. It could be classified as a puzzle game, but I think it would be better to call it an adventure game. You experiment, you solve puzzles, and you explore the world of Fez as you please with no distractions or hand holding. I highly recommend this game if you have a spare 9.99. If you love puzzle games, you won't be disapointed.PS: I wouldn't recomend boycotting this game because Phil Fish made it (For those of you who don't know what I am talking about, look up 'Fez 2 Cancelled'). I do not care about the person who made this game, nore should you."
,Recommended,224760,12405026,"Posted: 7 October, 2014",all,Such Fast,I love this game it is my favorite puzzle game i have not got through it though it is definitly an awsome game and i recommened it to people who like puzzles and pixle based games.
,Recommended,224760,1737307,"Posted: 17 June, 2013",all,Gilthanaur,"Yes. Yes. And more yes! Your mind will get ♥♥♥♥ed at times, but you'll like it."
,Recommended,224760,12247226,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Myev,"A truly amazing experience, both visual and musical. I recommend FEZ to every pixel art, 8-bit music, platform game lover."
,Recommended,224760,550062,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,Supreme Disillusionment,"Fez breaths life into a truly beautiful world and invokes a sense of wonder I have not experienced in games since I was a kid.   It's a blast to explore, and its puzzles are both challenging and rewarding.  I love this game!"
,Recommended,224760,12257589,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,maddabbo,this is a fantastic gameI love playing this with my daughter
76561198000789793,Recommended,224760,12226608,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Bwinks,Very creative and captivating indi game with a storyline. Lovin' it
,Recommended,224760,12229144,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Supercoil64,"One of the most creative little games that I have seen in a long time. Lots of fun to play, and tons to explore. It's also a very laid-back experience but still requires some heavy problem solving to make your way through some of the more ridiculous puzzles."
,Recommended,224760,10934037,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Attrition - Man,.....The most amazing game I have ever played that show an unique ability to express a quality game without the aid of super extra graphic's. This game proves that all you need is a great idea wow.............
,Recommended,224760,10935492,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Bill Clinton's Bee Farm,fez is a pretty cool guy. eh lives in 3d world and doesn't afraid of anything.
,Recommended,224760,3680743,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,donotcare,"I watched the documentary ""Indie Game"" which follows the developers of the game ""Super Meat Boy"" and the developer of ""FEZ"" before I played this and I'm glad I did. Not only did it make the game even more interesting, it was nice to know what the developer's intentions were. He wanted to make a game that was simply relaxing and he succeded. It's a great game to♥♥♥♥♥♥around with when you don't feel like investing in an engrossing story and/or intense action. It's also easy to leave and come back to with out having to remind yourself what is going on. The controls are very simple and refined (using an xbox controller) and the difficulty ranges from trivial to extreme but somehow never manages to be frustrating."
76561198002009022,Recommended,224760,12612030,"Posted: 24 October, 2014",all,ZarquonReturns,"Brilliant! Puzzles are cool, characters and platforming are fun. But how someone other than a cryptographer with a lot of free time was expected to finish this game without web FAQs and forums, I have no idea."
76561198051451609,Recommended,224760,5533625,"Posted: 17 July, 2013",all,静静,That's the one which puts Vedio Game into category of Art.
76561198090560018,Recommended,224760,9114960,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Commander Video,One of my fav games of all time. The concept of using perspective is awesome I love this game and it is amazing. I would recommend to anyone looking for a casual puzzle platformer.Disclaimer: Your space reasoning has to be good to play this game I have friends who can't play it because it makes them motion sick.
,Recommended,224760,5250094,"Posted: 18 May, 2013",all,A Burger to Surpass Burger King,"Fez is a game that will take you away to a far away place where 2D and 3D collide to make one world. A fun quirky game with a brilliant soundtrack, visuals and gameplay. This is an indie game you dont want to miss."
,Recommended,224760,11403544,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,UltraCookie,Looks so cool. Can make you kind of addicted. Fezes ARE cool
,Recommended,224760,11410387,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,yob,"MLG QUALITY RIGHT HERE LIKE TOTALLY ♥♥♥♥ED MY MIND. DORITOS AND ALL THE KIDS GOING MENTAL BECAUSE THEY GOT A NOSCOPE, Oh wait.♥♥♥♥♥♥wrong game. This game is fun."
,Recommended,224760,11412423,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Luke,"Amazing game, looks stunning and it is amazing to play. Only down side is that the devloper of the game is a total d**k head but you can't judge the game by him, still a must play."
,Recommended,224760,4223192,"Posted: 6 May, 2013",all,Taint,"Another great Indie Platformer. Ranks right up there with Super Meat Boy, Cave Story, VVVVVV, and Boshy. Check it out ^_^"
,Recommended,224760,11398544,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,shriramrseee,"Well Worth the money !!!!Ingenius puzzles and jaw dropping pixel art...If you love puzzle platformer, then this game is a must buy...Advice : Get ready with a Pen and Paper for code cracking :-)"
76561198087489126,Recommended,224760,11421060,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Velociraptor Q,This is a game everyone should play.
76561198123448956,Recommended,224760,11423000,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Adolf Nikler,"i have 1 word for this game... AMAZING! the game kept me interested all the way through, solving each puzzle was satifying and beating the game felt acomplishing. if you are a fan of the indie community and you have not played this game yet, play it.fez is artistic, challenging, fun, and extremely unique. i highly recommend this game"
76561198025559096,Recommended,224760,3646339,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,satellite,"Очень классная игрушка! Как приятно иной раз окунуться в игру, в которой не нужно никого убивать =)"
,Recommended,224760,8856474,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Briko Dives,Play some Fez. Enjoy your life!
,Recommended,224760,8861162,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,SPuntte,"Magically mysterious, immersive experience. Audiovisually amazingly beautiful and intact. A piece of art designed and implemented with passion and love."
,Recommended,224760,8864768,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Bobby Flayva,One of the best games I've played in a long time.
,Recommended,224760,178844,"Posted: 22 July, 2013",all,hammyhamm!,Truly delightful
,Recommended,224760,8474016,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,ConorPo,"This game is amazing. The fact that you can turn your prespective so you don't have to take a minute to cross some vines is so cool. The best part for me was getting the achievement ""Cryptographer"""
,Recommended,224760,8448203,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,SaintsFan237,YES ABSOLUTELY YES GET IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,224760,8449792,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Phelpy,"This is a fun 2d platformer with a cool 3d twist. You move around on screen in a game that looks similar to something you might have played on your first nintendo. The only difference is that you are able to control a third dimension. This extra dimension allows you to manipulate the world to discover areas which would have been otherwise unreachable. This adds an interesting dynamic to platforming and puzzle solving throughout the game. Although I didnt feel the game was particularly difficult, I did enjoy hopping my way around all the maps and seeing subtle references to games of childhood past. That being said, puzzles in this game are difficult to conquer ... luckily the steam community can help save time decrypting subtle cluesPros- cool 2d/3d platforming- cool music- retro feelCons- no direction for your character- no ""story'Depends on You- no ""enemies""- hard puzzles with subtle clues- overall casual experience"
,Recommended,224760,8453796,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,DaftGorillaz,Amazing design and soundtrack. A new puzzle style and it is very fun. I recommend this game.
,Recommended,224760,4889831,"Posted: 30 May, 2013",all,GijsSickenga,"The fact that I own this game on both the Xbox 360 and Steam should indicate how much I love it. A beautiful artstyle, a mysterious and lush environment to explore, and increasingly mind-bending puzzles as you get closer and closer to your goal."
,Not Recommended,224760,8442637,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Scara,"From what I played of it, this game is atrocious. It's boring, super gimmicky, repetitive, etc. It actually almost put me to sleep on the first board, so I stopped playing."
,Recommended,224760,8442714,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,💀MᴏʀɢᴜᴇAɴ👻,"Beautiful design, engaging elements; a new frontier of gaming. Though utilizing the all-to-common-amongst-indies 8-bitty-ness, this title truly deserves extra-credation. Wonderful music score, simple enough controls, minimal bugs, and a fun treasure-seeker platformer."
76561198049642752,Recommended,224760,5430198,"Posted: 26 August, 2013",all,snackattack8,"This game's alright. Plays fine, and it's pretty to look at. There's a huge world to explore, but a very unhelpful map makes it super easy to get lost and not remember how to get back to where you were. Puzzles are either really simple, or esoteric as bawllz."
,Recommended,224760,8445644,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,SidFishious,Mindblaster Puzzle game. It goes so many layers deeper than you think.
76561198070858265,Recommended,224760,8485221,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Sonicbeard,Beautiful game! There is nothing more amazing than being released into a world that you can rotate and explore! Thumbs up!
76561197972507721,Recommended,224760,587968,"Posted: 1 August, 2013",all,Kranf,One of the best game I have ever played. Incredibly clever. Rewarding. Relaxing. Play it!
,Recommended,224760,17361,"Posted: 5 September, 2013",all,YaZoR,Great puzzle platformer. Loved every minute. Highly recommended if you're a fan of this genre. 8/10
,Recommended,224760,18758947,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Kira,"For those who have played it, Fez often elicits discussions of deep secrets and hidden mysteries, with the exchange of codes and ciphers needed in order to progress further. Many player conversations are often dominated by elements of wonder, excitement and curiosity, while others concern themselves with the charming visual design, the clever layout of stages, and the level of challenge posed by having to conjure creative solutions to seemingly intelligent puzzles. Almost all of them will be likely to rave about the environmental artistry of a seemly typical platformer game that transforms when the classical 2D world is suddenly turned on its third axis to create a marvel of an experience.Some on the other hand, simply seek to understand the possible deeper meaning behind a game named after a rather odd little hat. Fez seems to have something for almost everyone.Fez was developed by former game designer Phil Fish, who exited the industry in 2014 amongst a furious exchange of angry twitter posts with fans and critics, and programmer Renaud Bédard. With a protracted development history, including a lengthy legal battle between Fish and his original business partner, it is incredible that the ever ambitious Fez ever actually saw the light of day. It was declared vaporware on at least one occasion, despite being consistently showered in praise and awards when displayed at various trade-shows over the years. But eventually it made its way to the Xbox Live Arcade, with its unique take on 3D in a two-dimensional world taking gamers around the world by storm.The plot of Fez is simple enough to grasp, even for the youngest spectrum of the gaming crowd. Players play as the character ‘Gomez’, a short humanoid being that lives in a world existing as a single 2D plane. When Gomez receives a ‘Fez’ hat, he is witness to the destruction of a gigantic golden hexahedron 3D shape that breaks apart the fabric of space-time in the game-world, revealing the previously unknown existence of a third dimensional plane. Gomez discovers that he has the sole ability to move between the 2D and 3D planes of the world, using the four basic movement directions to rotate the world around him like a cube for navigation. Traversing platforms and solving puzzles, it is up to players to ensure Gomez can collect various Cubes and Fragments which form together in order to bring balance back to the world.It is this cross-dimensional navigation where the game-play of Fez truly comes alive. As a 2D puzzle platformer set in a 3D world, the game takes an innovative approach to progression. Using the cube-like rotation mechanic to its greatest potential, the player must rotate the world in order to create new paths that simply cannot exist when locked in a 2D plane, scaling the level and using rotation to create links to what were previously inaccessible platforms. Gomez can jump and climb as well, abilities needed in order to reach points in the level whereupon rotating may then reveal a new path or help solve a puzzle. A ladder that appears broken may become whole when the world is turned, while a series of divided blocks may form a solid pathway when turned in another direction. While there are other clever mechanics present in the game such as switches, pistons, and explosives, it is the novel navigation mechanics that clearly stand out and are the basis of what makes Fez what it is. Perception is everything.But game-play alone can rarely sell a game to players, luckily though Fez is blessed with a stunning aesthetic that will leave most players in spellbinding awe. Fez is beautiful. It features a skill-fully animated and atmospheric world brought to life by a hand-crafted pixel-art style and a vivid colour scheme that brings across the very best aspects of the 8-bit era of Video-games. Every level is unique, with settings ranging from green forests and stone ruins, to urban city backdrops and a lighthouse by the oceans coast. At the same time each is dripping in atmosphere, rewarding player exploration with new discoveries and secrets inscribed throughout. The exquisite attention to detail will leave many players pausing to appreciate the effort that went into even the smallest details, whether it be birds perched on trees to worms crawling along nearby ledges. The retro-style of Fez is common in many games today, particularly indie and mobile titles, but unlike many games on the market Fez executes the formula perfectly.The game's detractors will be quick to point out that the game isn't perfect. Behind its charming exterior it features a somewhat convoluted map system, performance problems, and the difficulty in later puzzles can ramp up rather quickly. But the good points of Fez far outweigh the bad, and coupled with a catchy and memorable soundtrack it is still an incredible achievement. It is a game without enemies where the only foe is the world itself, and one that cannot be recommended enough.This game is a masterpiece.9.5/10"
,Recommended,224760,246353,"Posted: 3 May, 2013",all,fraxyl,"A wonderfully relaxing puzzle/adventure game, it's freaking brilliant."
,Recommended,224760,19061862,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Mr. Green,"My reaction to this game so far.I just played it a few hours, but love it so far; the graphics are so cute and adorable, everything is beautiful in this game: the story, the colours, the characters, the enviroment, the puzzles, everything. It has pretty nice puzzles, if you get stuck you can go exploring and eventually you'll find a map that helps you to complete them.It's like Monument Valley, but better, much better -and I love Monument Valley-Buy it if you can; the soundtrack is awesome too."
,Recommended,224760,18984171,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,Sensual Lettuce,"Fez is one of my favorite games of all time because I feel that the whole is greater than the sum of its parts. It has a lovely presentation style, engaging puzzles, and one of the best soundtracks of any indie game ever made. But these elements together create a truly unique and beautiful game world to get lost in.The only thing that I found unfortunate in this game is the world map. Once you venture out into the world seeking the blocks which open gates and unlock the game, it's easy to get lost and lose your position. This is the only thing that I disliked about Fez though, and I enthusiastically recommend it to anyone who likes platformer or puzzle games. This particular type of game is one that has been done hundreds of times but Fez is the cream of the crop."
76561198085562494,Recommended,224760,19106660,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Nyquil,"Fez is one of the gretest puzzle-platformersof all time. With nice visuals, incredibly peaceful and beautiful music, very intresting mechanics as well as fantastic level design. Plus to top it all off the game gets incredibly vast and difficult. I cant get enough of this game and if you plan on fully completing this game get ready for a long and confusing journey like no other. Fez is great and you should all buy it.*side note* ♥♥♥♥ PHIL FISH"
,Recommended,224760,19107616,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,Cloud,noice
