user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,224740,32050270,Posted: 29 May,all,Silent Hastati,"Devs went bankrupt and nobody picked up the code. Game is dead. Shame had potential, but bankruptcy is bankruptcy."
,Recommended,224740,32357024,Posted: 11 June,all,Rusty Shackleford,Game has gotten much better since a community member took it over and created the CECOMMPATCH. With the community patch I would definitely recommend it since it fixes the plethora of problems that plagued the game including all the weird AI and production nuances.
,Not Recommended,224740,29456714,Posted: 23 January,all,Jabroni Binyot,"I honestly thought Gaslamp Games wouldnt abandon this game after its lackluster launch. I was wrong. Even with the success of Dungeons of dredmor behind them, they still took the easy way out. I doubt they made a lot of money from the game. But they simply dissapeared a few months ago. Last time one of the developers was logged into the game forum was on December 6th...Edit : There is strong evidence that Gaslamp Games actually no longer exists. Dbaumgart has moved on to differnt projects(linkedin.com/in/david-baumgart-02560320(Gaslamp Games Juli 2008 - November 2016)) , Nicholas Vinning twitter bio has changed to ""I once made games, it was awful."" (https://twitter.com/nvining) Thats two out of three founders presumably already gone. The only one that might be still with the company is Daniel Jacobsen. (https://twitter.com/citizen_daniel) But he would be by himself.They all couldnt be bothered to tell the supporting community atGaslampgames.comforums about this. Thats just bad form and poor treatment of loyal customers who supported them throughout the journey."
76561198036050395,Not Recommended,224740,26349013,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Yarblatt,"This game has a good concept with some very nice theming, but the execution just isn't there.  Anyone familiar with Dwarf Fortress will recognize a lot in this game, and you will hear ""Dwarf Fortress"" here a lot because this game is heavily derived from it.  Persistent ""characters"" with their own traits that influence and are influenced by the world around them.  Material harvesting and workshop orders predicated on a limiting factor of work hours available, with those work hours being influenced by worker happiness.  All good concepts that make the base for an engaging little game.It falls short in how it tries to turn these things into a fun game.  It tries very hard to be Dwarf Fortress with a nicely animated graphics package, but it is chained to an all too linear progression system that makes the game drag along at a miserable pace.  You must build a workshop to make another workshop.  You must make planks to make bric-a-brac to make decorations to make better habitations to make it possible to get more workers.  It does this with a very unintuitive set of menus (almost as bad a learning curve as Dwarf Fortress) and a wretched UI that makes Fallout 4 look like Master of Orion 2.It tries to do all of the ultra-complicated Dwarf Fortress interactions, but it just doesn't have the complexity right or the coding to make it all work together.  Granted, in Dwarf Fortress any system seems to lag when the computer has to take into account the wetness of each toe and finger of 100 dwarves when it starts to rain, but CE doesn't even get a fraction of these things running at once.All of the random or sort of random events that take place require you to have certain buildings built and functional to avoid a horrible outcome.  But by the time these events pop up, there is no way you can have such a thing in place unless you have ignored all of the other needs of the colony.  You can't prevent X from happening because you need building Y, which must be supplied with good A and B to function, and thes goods can only be made with ingredients C and D in workshops G and F.  And if you can get that stuff up and running, it's because you've neglected to build a kitchen and all of your colonists have already starved to death.  It's a flow chart of damnation.The micromanagement of keeping the settlers fed/sane/protected/happy is unpleasant and cumbersome and prevents you from doing the exploration, discovery, building and horrible death stuff that is interesting.The take home is that it just isn't fun to play as it stands now.  With massive changes to pacing, UI, and such it could be an enjoyable little game.  It's not there yet and it will take a lot more work to get there.  It needed a LOT more playtesting (ask your gaming parents what that was if you don't know) before being released for money.  I paid retail and feel burned by it.  Not ""No Man's Sky"" burned, but I got suckered by the DF aspects mixed with the victoriana theming.It's a game and games are supposed to be fun to play.  It is not fun to play."
,Not Recommended,224740,30836461,Posted: 30 March,all,pango,"I respected the devs a lot. They were releasing a lot of updates in EA with really slick, amusing blog posts. For years as they developed it I sat on the sidelines not buying it. Then when it was getting close to release and there was a sale on I bought it.Then they called the game 1.0 and not long after they seem to have broken up and all gone their separate ways but not one of them had the common decency to write a single word telling us this.The game is not done, they are still selling it as done.Really angry."
,Not Recommended,224740,32297957,Posted: 9 June,all,Lumos,"Note to EVERYONE: Do not buy into vision. If you're looking for a game, buy a product rather than hoping that someone will follow up on delivery of a bunch of words; this is abandonware."
76561198117391036,Recommended,224740,26235469,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,DustBust,"Update January 18th, 2017Devs have gone silent now for 7 weeks, I had a feeling this was going to happen due to the sudden release of the game and missing a lot of polishing and minor features.Overall, its playable, the bugs/issues do get more apparent late game. On sale, its worth putting some hours in but I doubt you'll sink in over 30hrs total, read below for the rest of the review.The community has taken this lead of silence very negatively as you can see on the store page.Out of Early AccessDeleted previous review.This game has come along way but here's a quick overview to anyone interested in buying:Resource Management Sim: This game does really good in this area. If you enjoy these types of games this one is a great add to your library. Lots of resources and end products to produce with lots of oversight.Survival/Battle: It's in the game, its okay, still needs a lot of work/polishing but its there. Doesn't take much effort, just numbers and influence on the tech of the guns they are using.Town Building: This part still needs work, feels slightly clunky still and there are no ""roads"" as of yet (no speed bonuses to movement) which will get somewhat aggravating as your town gets bigger since the ""slowness"" of the villagers will become more apparent and start to effect production.Pros:Excellent resource managementTown feel and layoutQuirky back storiesLots of depthCons:Villagers still don't seem smooth or have liquid flow to them, lots of pausing (thinking) between tasksNo speed bonus to villagers (aggravating mid - late game)Optimization is good but there is still much to doOverall, controls and UI still feel clunky/not smooth unsure if optimizing will correct thisOverall: Descent game, worth face value and definitely if it goes on sale. It won't disappoint at all but leaves you hoping for a bit more polishing of the game itself. If this game isn't polished by 4-1-17 then I'd give it a ""Okay"" thumbs up."
,Recommended,224740,11751749,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Lieutenant A.Kouassi,"UPDATE POST RELEASE 2: It is with Great sadness that I am updating this review to tell the tale of CE's collapse. Due to reasons unknown to an extent, the developers have had what we could say as an ""internal fallout"" and as a result has caused the development to cease in it's entirety. The game was definitely not a hoax and so on from day 1 and had good promise. As an EA title you could say it was one of the great projects on their way to success that got caught by unforseen circumstances. Not like the many devs that take money and run and other idiotic problems.It really is a shame as the game had so much potential, a great community and backing as well as plenty of interaction with the developers and the project itself. To that end, the community has adopted the game under one gentleman who is currently heading the ""Community Project"" which addresses the majority of bugs and un-finished things to make the game as complete as it will ever be. The game itself is stable, working and what I would now call a ""concept"" in working and a damn good one too to not see it progress.To that end, I WOULD NOT BUY the game as there is no future at all for it any longer. The Community definitely have unaswered questions, many feel let down, and of course some projects unfortunately can come to this conclusion unexpectedly.----------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------UPDATED POST RELEASE: Significant improvement to game overall. Hardly any bugs remaining and the game is functioning as I would have expected. Of course this is not the end of CE. There is still much more content to come! Really pleased with Devs.---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------UPDATED REV 42E: The Devs have been focusing on bug fixing and mainly changes within the User Interface and Farming area of the game. The U.I has had an overhaul in terms of the character selection menu and information panels. They tell you more about each character, their mood, emotion and progress towards desires. Each character's current effects now show bars as to how it affects their mood within these panels.The Farming and Kitchen has been addressed in a sense that instead of mass lists of recipes, the vast majority of standard food you can find, gain from hunting and farming has been condensed into a simple ""Make food"" job where the colonists will use any standard type of food they can find. I much prefer this because it is at the end of the day what you order anyway, all food you can.Militarily, the barracks function and NCO has been fixed so they now properly train into Regular troops from militia.Overall, not a bad update at all however as I have previously stated, the game is very much playable and more of the game ""content"" in that regard, new items, clothing etc, should be coming in the near future because it would seem most systems are now functioning as intended and have been fixed.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------UPDATED REV 41D: Constantly changing and evolving, CE is more stable than ever. So many changes in the latest builds from REV 38. The majority of issues have been addressed to the state that you can pretty much play for however long you like. Once you start getting larger populations however you may still encounter the odd bug or issue. On that note the Devs are reaching what I call the last loose ends. Fixing the remaining issues that people encounter and adding in the systems left.The UI has been updated massively and there are various new systems in place such as the events which are now much more refined. There is a starting property ownership system in place which is going to be built on to eventually include owning clothing, various objects and so on. The workshops have been overhauled and recently just added in is the new Military Barracks which replaces the old system of training. You assign a Military Officer or Militia NCO to the Barracks and he/she will start to train troops into Regulars.The favour system has also been recently amended. For example you can now recieve a prisoner work group which will assist your colony doing various tasks for 3 days. Many now have a time frame. The squad of Regulars led by an NCO also assist for 3 days (or is it 5?) for example.All in all a lot has changed to list, including minor changes but the game has made substancial progress certainly.-------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------Original Review:While this is Early Access.......very very early. I have to say that this game has huge potential. The developers are keen and very open and the game itself is the perfect management game for those who loved traditional city builder games crossed with a bit more things to do such as combat, defence etc.It is based during the Colonial-Early Industrial period and already the developers have nice features set out. The game itself does have a sense of humor thrown in and the like such as having to fight off Fish people and all sorts of creatures. In future they plan to add bandits and all manners of factions and allow you to ally, trade and conduct diplomacy for your newly starting colony. There is also a map set out what looks like it will be a sort of campaign style base in which you choose where you would like to set out your next adventure for the Empire and start to form new colonies.The artstyle in my view fits perfectly along with the current mechanics which are currently implemented it really does look and function well. If you play it you will see just exactly what this game could offer in the near future and even now.The game is one of a kind and unique in so many ways. If you don't mind investing in such games then by all means take it into account but if you want a finished product then you will have to wait. I would say another month or so and this game will get better and better......hopefully :) It really is up to yourself but I can say this certainly. If you decide to invest your money in this EA game.You will not loose out. The Devs are like PA Devs in that sense but even better. They are constanly interacting with community to fix things, release experimental build updates pretty much from 2 days-1 week. Really are making significant progress and fast.EDIT: And I was correct when i said a month or 2. Saves are practically on the table with loading now as are basic defences. Many fixes and performance improvements to allow smooth running of the game and ruled out majority of crashes. Now they can finally give it a few weeks, start working on the games mechanics and content more rather than bug fixing. For now anyway :D---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------On that note: The team plan to adopt a monthly update schedule which will release major build updates to the public. If you would like to assist in testing or just mess around with it early then they have an opt in ""experimental branch"" which as it suggests is ""experimental"" but enough to keep you playing. I can see the team relating to Prison Architect in that sense as they always keep the community interested and up to date and these guys are constantly fixing and addressing issues with their game so very active :DAs I am constanly testing the Experimental builds which are updated regularly with new things to check out and suggest, I will be updating this throughout each build, or when I can :)"
,Not Recommended,224740,26577404,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,nothingpants,"Short review:A basebuilding game with a fun theme, cool events and a great squad system. Unfortunately, monitoring inventory and building stuff is a huge pain in the♥♥♥♥♥due to a very unhelpful UI.I would not recommend this game unless you are a huge fan of basebuilding games and you are very sure the UI won't be a dealbreaker.--------------------Long Review:Good:- Events that pop up are really fun and make you feel like you're in a Lovecraftean world.- You really feel like you're building up a town- Overseers + laborers squad-based system is a great way to manage your population- Dev is actively working on patches to add content and fix bugsBad:- Right clicking moves the camera around instead of bringing up a context menu.- Huge gunfights in town and everyone just shoots like the buildings' walls aren't there. Kinda breaks the illusion.- Minor bugs like two guys trying to level one terrain spot get stuck in an up/down loop, or animals getting stuck in a building and making it hard to click stuff, lots of little stuff like that- (edited) Feels like you can negate most dangers by using tech to ""solve"" events and becoming friendly with all factions, game could use something to add pressure/tension at that point. Harder biomes / expeditions don't really change how the game plays.Ugly:- (edited) If you are building something and missing mats, about 20% of the time it either tells you the wrong mats or pretends you do have the mats and just doesn't build it.- Can't see resources without clicking into a submenu and clicking filters. And you have to check this constantly to see how your colony is doing, for example to catch when your supply chain is generating a given resource too slowly.- (edited) Serious performance issues as your colony size scales up, starts around 40 colonists and gets real bad by about 75 (removed crashing complaint, 3 crashes in 44 hours isn't that bad imo)- The UI does a very poor job guiding you through the process of building objects. There are multiple issues here:--- When you choose something to build, the UI only tells you what workshop makes the item. Each workshop can have 4 or more workbenches that each produce a subset of items, so you still have to figure out which bench to use.--- Figuring out which bench is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ To see what each bench can make, you have to click on each one and scroll through their list. And if you haven't built every bench and you can't find what you want, you have to keep building benches trying to find it.--- Items you can't build because you need to research them look exactly the same as stuff you can actually build. So you might build every bench and scroll through every item and still not find what you want.Suggestions on how to fix some of the major issues:- Instead of having tooltips say ""Made in Metalworks"" have them say ""Made in Metalworks Smelter"". Just saying the bench would make everything so much more clear and save a ton of time and frustration.- Make it obvious when something can't be built because it hasn't been researched. Put a red X over it, make it a different color, put it in the tooltip, anything!- (edited) When I'm missing a component to build something, make sure the UI tells me the right thing.- Maybe this one isn't so simple, but it would be really nice to be able to toggle resources or categories to show permanently in the UI ala Gnomoria, especially when the full submenu does such a poor job of filtering things.I really enjoyed the world and the gameplay elements.  But games like this revolve around building stuff and monitoring your inventory, and it is disappointing that the UI handles those tasks so poorly. Between that and the slowdown (you can hit 40 population quite quickly) I've decided to set this aside until some of these issues are patched.As stated above, I would not recommend this game unless you are a huge fan of the genre and you are very sure the UI won't be a dealbreaker.[edited 4 sections for accuracy after playing a bit more]"
76561197999529427,Not Recommended,224740,29059848,Posted: 6 January,all,Stübi Senpai,"Clockwork Empires is one of those games that I really really wanted to be good. The basic setting, the fundamental idea behind it, is nice. But as is often the case with these Early Access titles, the actual execution crashes miles away from the intended target and then slowly sinks into the ocean.Let's get the good out of the way first, because honestly, there is less pro than con in this case.Settlements do feel sprawly, once (and if) you manage to grow them. You are quite capable of building a very nice looking settlement with some planning. The very basic presentation is also done okay. There's occult events, fish people running around and the ocassional cult going on. House design is up to you, meaning that you get to customize how your places look. It gets fidgety and micro intensive from time to time, especially in larger settlements. But at least you can make the houses you build look somewhat neat.And then we get to the bad. And boy, where to begin.Let's start with the difficulty. Now, what you WANT from a game like this, is balancing growth, people's needs, and safety. Basically, the guy in charge should need to juggle the three to slowly, but surely, expand his little backwater Innsmouth to a decent settlement. The game stumbles over the first one, ignores the second and finally descends, maybe even fittingly, completey into madness at the last one.On easy embarks, the game lacks any sort of challenge and is basically just ""My little Lovecraft"". Enemies are barely present, and if they do deem your citizens worthy of getting buggered, they will get obliterated even by the most basic of militaries. As an introduction, that would be fine. Gives you a little playground to learn the ropes in.Then you go up to medium, and suddenly you are getting OBLITERATED by countless bandit raids. The very first attack on your settlement might be done by more Bandits than you have Dudes to start out with. It's also completely possible to spawn with a couple big animals nearby, that kill some of your folks before you even build your first house.After a couple tries, I realized the best way to actually defeat those odds is just to spam housing. Basically, get as many disposable scrubs in your settlement as possible, and then just drown the enemy in bodies. Yes, the game literally FORCES you, to build a big, ♥♥♥♥♥♥, low quality settlement with as many people as possible, just to survive. It's the only strategy that really works, and it turns the early game into a tedious, boring nightmare.This COULD be remedied, if Defenses did anything and actually offered a strategy to your security. But you can not give your military orders beyond ""Go there"" and then praying that at least half of them survive. And dont count on it, the AI has the survival instinct of a suicidal sloth.So the combat part of the game is a total wash. What about the economy then? Well, the path finding and stockpiling mechanics are awful. People will sometimes pick up random things and carry them into the woods, possibly as a distraction for the invading bandits. They will stack items in a way that could NOT be any more inefficient. With some items being picked up and dropped multiple times, which is especially infuriating for food and raw materials. Your workers also have set schedules and working hours. Working hours that start out minimal, until you make your populace happier. As we established, since the only way to survive on anything but easy is to spam unhappy dudes, your guys will do a MINIMAL amount of work, accentuated by the fact that the inefficient pathfinding and buggy mechanics will sometimes mean your guys will literally do almost NOTHING troughout an entire day.And this applies to everyone. The baber is supposed to be the guy that heals your wounded citizens. Now, for that to work, he needs to be in his workplace and the guy that needs patchin' needs to be there as well, of course. I stopped counting how many times the barber stopped working the moment a very wounded soldier stepped into his place. Or the other way around, people doing unimportant busywork at low hp, while the barber stands in his shop doing nothing.Same goes for workshops. Stockpile management is barely present. And if those ressources are too far away, it's completely possible for a craftsman to spend his entire shift carrying three pieces of wood to a workbench, producing one chair, and then stop working again.Finally, the Overseers being asigned Labourers thing is a cute idea, but ultimately utterly meaningless if not an outright hindrance. In my mind, you should obviously have more labourers than Overseers, and they should be easier to get in large quantities. But firstly, there is very little reason to actually have a large labourer force, as most workshops require one or two at most, and second, the amount of work required to build labourer housing is only minimaly less demanding than just getting more Overseers.It would've been better to just not assign labourers at all and just have them help out wherever they are needed. It would have made stockpiling less of a pain and reduce the general amount of micromanaging motherf**ery you have to deal with every single moment. Maybe stuff would actually get done that way.Then we have nonsensical restrictions on Workshop buildings, increased by getting more Overseers. Making the early game even more frustrating since you cant build all the critical buildings you need, unless, you guessed it, you spam even more unhappy people into your crappy town.I could go on, but why bother. The game should not have left Early Access. it's plain and simply not fun in it's current state. I'd guess it would need a couple weeks of constant patches, adjusting and even some changes on very basic levels to be even considered ""Okay"". And there has not been an update in over a month. Honestly, skip this one and check back in a couple months, to see if anything changed."
,Not Recommended,224740,32521865,Posted: 17 June,all,Illusori,"Fantastic and atmospheric city builder, unfortunately riddled by bugs and abandoned shortly after hitting Early Access.If the game was still under development and had any hope of being completed, I'd thoroughly recommend it; as it stands the developer has folded and the outline of what might have been a great game is all that we will ever see.Still gave me 30 hours of fun, which is more than many AAA games offer."
76561198043233385,Not Recommended,224740,23137846,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Lycan Jack,"-WARNING-  game has been abandoned, DO NOT BUY, DO. NOT. BUY. the game is dead with 0 word from the Dev's, I don't know what happened, I even spoke to one of them and he seemed like a good guy.. something must of happened behind the scenes but none of them have the guts to stand up and say ""Look, its over, it won't be continued"" no.. instead they give us silence, the game is dead and so is much of my respect for gaslamp studio'sAlright Iv thrown about 30 hours in now over a few weeks and I think I can give a fair opinion on it.. the game is alright, it has the essential qualities it needs to be this style of sandboxy-sim buildy-strategy game but it has a few big issues,1 : the game has no grapics settings or ways to modify the settings without knowledge of manipulating the games hidden files and documents,2: the tutorial is borderline worthless  (((The new tutorial is better but I (since I know how to play) can't get a feel for how much more useful it is but it is at least improved on the original)))3: The game is quite buggy4: Removed. **Crashing has been made more stable and one of the causes of crashes, the trade office, has been fixed so I have removed the complaint of instability**5: The game comes with alot of issues of game design, flattening terrain is essential but is so slow and time consuming that you'll be stunted and possible lose the game because of it, enemies are very tough and as of the current patch you cant equip new weapons, so invasion forces, bandits.. fish-people attacks, they will face you using basic pistols and likely wreck you because of it, production lines are slow and not well explained, leading to wasted resources or a lack of basic items needed to collect more basic items (stone.. where are you in my hour of need? )6 (the big one)  : the price.. now they have added a price cut for the duration of the beta-branch being launched but I paid full price for the early access version (which I am fine with) but the price is still far too high in my opinion for something that was in alpha, when its finished I can say the price would be reasonable but as it stands with the issues above, I can't reccomend it.TL/DR   The game has the basics down, has the heart and soul of a good game and has a Dev team commited to making it better but right now, the price, the issues listed and the over all feel of the game.. as much as I badly want it to finish, to work out and be great, I couldn't recommend it to a friend for fear they'd be wasting their money... as it stands, I can't recommend it right -now- but I will be editing this review over the coming weeks and hoping my opinion changes."
76561197981005048,Not Recommended,224740,26241864,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,aubreymal,"This is unfinished.I bought it and gave it a good try but its rubbish.Many, minor glitches. Graphics of items being carried dissapears and reapears.The toons are supposed to fulfill tasks based on the oder they were added. But they don't.the system to transport goods from palce to place is broken. << the game revolves around goods being carried around >>lots of little things that just dissapoint.Not worth the 30$ i paid."
76561198009173373,Not Recommended,224740,33805505,Posted: 26 July,all,Hundred-Man Guts,"As far as I can tell, Gaslamp Studios has been closed and this game is therefore abandoned. I really think they gave this game their all, and I respected them as an indie studio, however at this point I think they are being deliberately unclear that this game is abandoned and are trying to scam an extra 30 bucks from people who aren't aware of it. Not as bad as towns or DF9, but the end result here is basically the same. RIP gaslamp."
,Not Recommended,224740,28587992,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Meme Death of the Universe,"Game very much not ready for release.  Same as Dungeons of Dredmor, the team's previous game. However, DoD got a LOT of free updates and cheap dlc over time, so there is still hope. Right now however, do not purchase. Maybe in a year this game will be playable. Right now the devs have fallen silent for a month, so there is some doubt to that.EDIT as of 13/2/2017:It seems that Gaslamp Games has lost its core members without actually making any of it official. There seems to be virtually no hope left for this game to actually get any more updates."
76561198022402937,Not Recommended,224740,29458798,Posted: 24 January,all,plataoplomo,They discontinued support and it's unfinished. DON'T BUY.
76561197972124310,Not Recommended,224740,29834345,Posted: 10 February,all,RiceMunk,"Well, this is disappointing.I'd been following the development of this game on the Gaslamp Games blog for ages, and bought it as soon as it went Early Access. Kept testing almost every version, and still reading the (genuinely well written) blog of the game development process. Liked the early access stuff, and was quite happy with how new stuff was being added and bugs were slowly being fixed.Then suddenly 1.0 came out, and... there were still a lot of bugs everywhere and many features felt half-finished at best. I guess they ran out of money or something?One more blog post about them working on a bugfix patch, plus some more features.Then the devs disappeared.I'll change my recommendation if the devs actually ever re-emerge and patch this game to a state it deserves to be in. Until then, thumbs down from me."
76561197982544990,Not Recommended,224740,32197487,Posted: 5 June,all,Fooboy81,"This game had so much potential, but realeased too early with game breaking bugs. The development team went under, but earlier builds of this game were more enjoyable and balanced than what we got in final release. Truly heart breaking to see a game which the developers clearly care for be left incomplete."
,Not Recommended,224740,31135251,Posted: 14 April,all,Anderson,"The game concept actually had promise, but unfortunately the developer couldn't finish it due to development problems that were not solved and poor sales during EA so they just decided to call whatever they had at had as 1.0 and release it. It is far from done and will never be finished, don't buy this unless you are curious or interested enough to play a buggy and feature incomplete game that will never be finished (mods won't fix this FYI)."
,Recommended,224740,11743448,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,RagingTeaPot,"I'm voting this up only because the gameplay is actually really good. But I have to stress this game is bugged to hell. It crashes every 10 - 15 minutes, you can't save, so you basically always lose your progress, and if you pause sometimes the workers don't recover from it. A long way to go before we can call this a working game. I've logged  a few tickets, but the game is good in terms of gameplay."
,Not Recommended,224740,30224367,Posted: 27 February,all,The Cat What Stalks Cheese,"Wonderful game that's been abandoned unfinished.It -is- playable but it has serious problems with omissions/bugs that make some features unusable (or require manual patching to fix them) and SERIOUS slowdown/optimization problems that hit you around mid-game.Devs have been in communications silence since December 2016 - most of them have confirmed that they are no longer affiliated with the studio, Gaslamp Games, but NOBODY HAS COME FORWARD TO EXPLAIN. No 'sorry guys, we're bankrupt' or... well, or anything!The game still has great character and is playable to an extent, but sooner or later, you will bog down to unplayable levels of lag, or realize that features for late-game management and expansion are missing.Buy it on a deep sale to experience it, then mourn what could have been."
,Recommended,224740,22015905,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Shad0wRunn3r,"Great management game with a pinch of Lovecraftian feeling.Do not expect a comleted game though... the last update made it more convenient but managing your colonists is a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥ as they often seem to wander around randomly, not following orders or stopping all the time to do something else.In game descroptions are vague, many times it is not clear what an item, building does, what is the connection between them, or some ingredients are still a mistery for me, what are they. (you only see an icon of a red fluid but not even its name)Controlling armies is hell, all you can do is to set a rally point where they will go or not, thus combat is very clunky.But despite all of this cons, it is an overall enjoyable build but I really hope they chisel it much much more. The devs are quite active, the game has a very nice atmosphere, I definitely recommend to play it but with a big disclaimer that if you want a finished, seamless experience, rather just follow the game for now."
,Recommended,224740,13021470,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Moe Torbote,"I would definately pick up this game when it's finished.In alpha it's a whole pile of heart break. After 30 some odd days and 35+ Settlers the game crashed. No big alpha is alpha, and unlike most games the Devs do actually pay attention to comments and reviews. I just DIED inside after losing such a great colony. If you don't mind some early bugs and balance issues (basically alpha in a nutshell) then give it a go. Just don't expect everything to be perfect just yet.On the subject of bugs, since the Devs read this and respond. I may as well throw down some of the things I've come across after a good day of playing.Bandits EVERYWHERE!I love the bandits, the whole Idea is a great addition, especially those bandit camps full of goodies. But too much! During one very short playthrough I had already fended off some fish folk twice, and bandits 3 times. After I watched the walking tank take out the last of my armed forces I admitted defeat. The the same basic thing happened a few more times. I'll be honest, I did rock some notepad plus in the events folder and tone down the number of bandits. It seemed to help make it a bit more balanced. If I was lazy and let the armed forces do their own thing I would still take casualties, but with some decent planning, a few clutch land mines, and fortifications. I managed to hold the line.KILL THE RICH MAN!Sadly after discovering that the upper class was doing nothing to contribute, and THEN discovering that they were also distracting my workers. I was forced to execute my entire upper class population. I'm sure their are big plans for them but damn they are mighty useless. During a situation where everyone needs to pull their own weight, it was just not appropriate to have them around. I mean come on! This is a frontier colony! What are we going to do with Capitalists and Poets!?No Chair for you!I had to basically make the choice of not building chairs or tables. They basically broke my production chains. The time it would take for every citizen to walk to the food stuffs, and then all the way to whatever random table they decided was good. Compared to the time it would take to huff it to the stock pile and scarf it down right their simply made it worth it to save my wood for other tasks.Hunting Bug Maybe?For whatever reason my citzens would not hunt. Maybe a bug, maybe just that game. But whenever I set them to hunt they would drop their current task and remain idle. If I removed hunting from their tasks, they started working again.I pick things up and put them down!Every once and a while a work crew will decide that the building they are working on requires a dance. They begin to pick up logs, then move them to another stockpile spot and drop them. Then begin the process over again. I've also observed them doing it with planks while assembling modules. Usually the same plank or log.Need an ability to cancel/delete/remove anything. The only real game breaking aspects of the game is the inability to say delete the job to build a refinery that seems to bug, or remove a module that's in the wrong spot. Or tear down a building all together. Remove a stockpile. farm, etc.Remember the game is still in alpha, so if you pick it up. Take some notes and send them over to the devs. The game can only get better that way."
,Not Recommended,224740,28193230,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,t895zx,"On paper this game is a no brainer if you love strategy and city/village builders.Unfortunately, the dots just don't connect, there's no connection, the game plays like a chore.It's truly too bad as the graphics are amazing, the potential is unlimited."
,Recommended,224740,17424921,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,zephrim,"Ok, straight off let me say I really really like this game. I love the concept, love the art, just really love this game. What i don't love is the game breaking bugs and glitches, however there is great news, its in Early Access, so these will eventually get ironed out.Now this isn't my first Early Access rodeo, I've gotten burned by some games on here, and I've found some real gems as well. This I really believe will end up being a big hit for the type of game that it is. They just need to get past the usual issues that come with developing a game. And considering the regualr updates I've seen this team roll out, I can say that this won't be one of those cut and run type titles we all have heard about or worse. So know that if you are considering investing in Clockwork Empires you won't be wasting your money.Other than that I'm sure you have already looked at other reviews, pics and vids, and already have a good idea of what kind of game this is. What you may not have gathered is the awesome sense of humor and just the odd otherworldly attitude that this game offers. Which, if its indictive of the story, will just be awesome. Even if your not sure about purchasing it yet, put it in your wish list and keep an eye on it. I have a feeling that this will be a must have game in the near future."
,Not Recommended,224740,26283299,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Sporkmonger,"I love city builders, particularly the ones that borrow heavily from Dwarf Fortress, which this certainly does. But wow, this is still Early Access, not a final release by any means. This shouldn't even be like halfway through Early Access yet. Lots and lots of crashes, weird quicks like, I had a colony with 1 person left. They trigger an event saying the colonist is suspicious of their fellow colonists. The other colonists might be members of the occult! All zero of them. Lots of other weird glitches as well as a tech tree with obnoxious progression. Things that ought to be near the base of the tech tree are late game and so on. Play Rimworld instead. Or you know, Dwarf Fortress."
76561198035697759,Recommended,224740,14714147,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,andyapolis,"A game that puts you in charge of establishing a colony for a steampunk British Empire in a world full of Lovecraftian horrors?  Despite my first thought of ""Mwahahaha! Thank you, Great Cthulhu!  Take my money!,"" I decided to show a little restraint and kept an eye on Clockwork Empires for a while before making another Early Access impulse buy.   At $30.00 I found it rather pricey for an Early Access game as other reviews have commented, but I finally decided to give it a try.  Clockwork Empires is still very much a work in progress, it's features a mix of the impressively well done (production chains function far more smoothly than in games from bigger developers, yes, Tropico franchise, I'm looking at you) and desperatly in need of attention (the Load function appears to be a placeholder and it's just plain ugly).  One thing I found particularly interesting is the colonists personality traits and observing how they influence behavior.  Those with the ""Morbid"" trait, for example, seem more likely to eat ""Long Pork"" (it's people, yes, your colonitsts can engage in cannibalism) even if there is other food available.  Based on the regular update history and developer responsiveness in the forums, I believe that this game will get finished - although it may take some time given the features that haven't been implemented yet - and when it does it will be a great game.  It is most definatley playable in it's current state, which I'd estimate at about 40% if the developer ultimately implements all the features they've hinted at.  A lot of the other 60% is going to be polish.  If you're interested and can afford it, I'd go make the $30.00 investment in supporting developement.  The game as it stands is already capable of providing hours of delightfully twisted fun, but then again I'm the kind of person who laughts while I watch the local wildlife maul my colonists."
,Recommended,224740,21679857,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,jholl9,"So, i'm a fan of city sims and time-management games in that genre. They're really fun, and ridiculously time-consuming. Clockwork Empires is a great addition to my collection of those. It's got a lot of survival aspects, and the game is really customizable in play.First, you've got two- technically four - kinds of settlers - which, i'd like to point out, are all unique; i've never run into two settlers that look EXACTLY alike. There's always some little difference, at the least. Anyhow, a total of four types, technically. Really there are two: Overseers and Laborers. Overseers are further divided into three types: Regular, Skilled, and NCOs (Sergeants). Regular overseers have no special skills, and most starting options just have these. They're useful overall, and the majority type of overseer you'll get, so yeah. Then Skilled overseers start with one or more skills that are higher than the others. NCOs (Or Sergeants) come prepared to be soldiers. You normally only get one when you start the game. Otherwise, you need to make a barracks and assign a regular work crew to it; eventually that overseer will be skilled enough to be called a Sergeant.Each settler - overseer or laborer - also has traits. Characteristics which make them unique - and they really are unique. Some traits are beneficial, others can be detrimental. But it helps you figure out who would be best working in what job, which is really nice. Say an overseer wants to be a farmer, or is a pioneer (Like working outdoors). Then you'd assign them to be a farmer. If they like doing paperwork, assign them to the diplomatic office or make them a scientist. It really helps give you a way to streamline and enchance production capabilities. Laborer's also have traits, but they rarely make an impact; laborer productivity is mostly determined by overseer productivity.Your best strategy is making sure your overseers are comfortable - but you've still got to take care of everyone, or you'll have people going on strike, cults forming, and/or people killing each other. Early game can be difficult, but once you've got enoug farms to support yourself, it's fairly easy to just keep upgrading your support base to slowly accomodate more and more people.Once their basic needs are taken care of, you've got to focus on comfort, and focus hard. Services like churches, pubs, and fancy foods make everybody happy, and both workshops and homes need to be properly decorated. Otherwise, your workers and overseers will slowly get angrier and angrier. Eventually, they'll come to work less often, and for less hours. Then, if it gets worse, or just doesn't improve, they'll eventually just stop working. It can sometimes be ferociously annoying, but the dynamic of it is just fantastic. And yes, it can be counteracted; eventually, they'll get it out of their system, and come back to work. It'll repeat all over again if nothing changes, though.Combat in the game can be...frustrating, at times. Only your NCOs and laborers assigned to their squads will ever fight. Otherwise, your people just run away as fast as possible - which is often equal to the speed at which they're being chased. Then they stop to find direction, and take damage. And the process repeats. So it can sometimes get frustrating, especially if your NCO has been killed, or you don't have a barracks, or such like that. But otherwise, it is fairly nice; though your troops wil ldie easily against Obeliskians. Just saying. I'd advise using at least 2-3 squads per group of them.Overall, the game is amazing. It's not quite gotten finished yet; there are still bugs, crashes, and some lag problems to be addressed. But overall, the quality of the game is that of a finished product; it could just be polished and refined to make it an even better finished product. If you're looking for something well done, and you don't mind the occasional crash, i'd recommend Clockwork Empires."
,Not Recommended,224740,29065227,Posted: 6 January,all,Verbal,"This should have been the perfect colony building game. The concept was genius, the setting brilliantly unique.What we got throughout was a buggy nightmare with half implemented ideas that were a shadow of what the Devs had in mind. I can only assume that the sales weren't as good as they had hoped for and it was better to call it a day than bring it up to its full potential. It was released from Early Access half finished and much more shallow than anticipated.Of all the Early Access 'coulda beens' this was the one that I am most dissapointed it did not make it. Alas.** Edit Review** - My assumptions seem to have been correct. The Developer has essentially exploded with all the major players in the development no longer working for Gaslamp Games almost immediately after the hash of version 1.0 and release. Tragic, dumped out of Early Access way short of expectations."
,Not Recommended,224740,31824198,Posted: 18 May,all,a Toaster,"I had high hopes for this game. It has an interesting style and had high ambitions. A colony management game with steampunk and cthulu-like themes? Sign me up!The game felt like it was a released out of early access a little too early, but I stayed hopeful that the developers would still be working on the game.Haven't seen an update since last year..."
76561198064204947,Not Recommended,224740,28280448,"Posted: 9 December, 2016",all,Truth n'Chaos,"Edit 5/25/17: Apparently this company doesn't exist anymore. Don't buy it! They will never fix the stuff they messed up with all their patching.As much as I liked this game when I got it, there is stuff that needs MASSIVE tweaking now (stuff they tweaked to make it better and failed miserably).You cannot choose how you want to embark anymore, they make the choice for you with where you choose to embark. Not something I like. Now you don't get an NCO at all but have to build barraks and lose one of your overseers to do it. You don't get a decent number of laborers to start with regardless of how you start.The crops are per area and don't grow fast enough. There are fewer choices now.You get attacked early. I got attacked by bandits and fish people at the same time lost 75% of my colony. I went back to a previous save and tried to make sure I had enough people to fight. I still lost most of my colony. I went back to an even earlier save. Then I gave up.Currently my game stalls. It just stopped in the middle of play and will take 3-5 minutes to come back. The toons will move a few feet and stall again. They really should have delayed the release until things were worked out.Right now, I cannot recommend this to others. Unless by some miracle someone comes up with a trainer to get past the crap.I haven't played in a few days. I'm too frustrated. I went back to playing WoW because that frustration is easier to deal with."
76561198019023654,Not Recommended,224740,29735222,Posted: 5 February,all,CavityCommunion,"Abandoned by the developers. Read about it in the Steam forums for Clockwork Empires. Its a decent game, but its not finished. A lot of missing information you have to research online to figure out. Some bugs. Unknown if modders will be able to get their hands on the code and finish the game.Down voting it because they still have it up at full price. Get it 50% off or more."
76561198001684848,Not Recommended,224740,30464728,Posted: 11 March,all,Danotasi,"Unfortunately this game was abandoned, then released as finished. It is very far from finished and is pretty much unplayable as a result."
76561198055343015,Not Recommended,224740,31569379,Posted: 5 May,all,The Illusive Gay,"The company no longer exists, should not be sold on steam."
76561198121470816,Not Recommended,224740,26326862,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,Xander_ForbesJolink,"Buyer beware, not worth the money. The state of this game will serve as proof that it's developers were likely more interested in profiting off this over-priced unfinished science project through release date hype rather than actually finishing the game.I purchased this back when it was in early access and I regret it now. I will grant that this game has come a long way since my original purchase. It was unplayable when I first bought it, however, this game still crashes and it suffers from what I would consider to be a host of design and development flaws.There seems to be no real focus on what they were trying to develop. The UI and control scheme is clunky and unplesant. The resource chain makes no sense. This game feels like the developers just wanted to try and develop a bunch of sim/management game features and this is the end result.Every time I attempt to play this game my game essentially ends right around the time I need glass, because sand is virtually impossible to find and its pretty much essential for progressing into later stages of the game.From material I have read from the people developing this game, they seem to be masking a disinterest in finishing this game behind the guise that ""this is how its supposed to be."" I have read blog posts about problems they seem to be aware are in the game (Including the sand thing) but years later those problems still exist in the game, further adding to my suspsion that this waste of money had no direction, and just benefited off the stupidity of people willing to pay for an unfinished early access game.The idea of a lovecraftian horror element twisted into a simulation/management game sounds like a cool idea, unfortunately this is a terrible manifestation of it.Shame on you developers for charging so much for this trash, I will be boycotting whatever garbage you continue to produce."
,Not Recommended,224740,29948248,Posted: 15 February,all,mcnostril,"Needed a few more updates to be ready (especially since the last couple of patches post-release introduced bugs that make the game unplayable for some and a lot of the late game content is very buggy), but it appears Gaslamp is no more.Damn shame, it was shaping up to be a great niche game, but it seems like in the end a lot of design and business decisions didn't work out.Can't say I'm too pleased with the absolute lack of communication though. The company seems to have gone under without a word, after actually announcing that they were working on another patch months ago, which is disappointing considering their track record up until this point where they'd been very open about their goals and development process."
76561198030934865,Not Recommended,224740,30518889,Posted: 14 March,all,ben,"Followed this game for a while (pre release) and really loved it. Developer was doing a great job regularly updating with new content, however the core mechanics never quite got ironed out.Sadly the developer (Gaslamp games) stopped all communications in December 16, shortly after release, and appear to have abandonned everything without so much as a ""Sorry guys"".Unfortunately the game is in a buggy unfinished state and so I can't recommend anyone actually spend money on it."
76561197971813803,Not Recommended,224740,31456037,Posted: 29 April,all,Tom Selleck's Mustache,"Sadly, this is Abandonware from a Developer i thought wouldn't do that... You fool me once, shame on you, fool me twice, shame on me."
76561198002394860,Not Recommended,224740,26467509,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,Linto1234,"tl;dr Game is majorly under developed. UI + AI sucks, and the whole game is kind of a drag to play tbhGaslamp games made on of my favorite roguelikes in Dungeons of Dreadmore. It was an increadiably rare beast of a game that made a much more accessable and easier game, while keeping all the elements that make roguelikes appealing. Because of this, when it was announced that they would be making a colony simulator game along the lines of Dwarf Fortress, I was excited. Maybe they can take a game that like other roguelikes had been seen as impenatrable to new palyers, and make it accessable, while still maintaining many of the elements that made dwarf fortress compelling.Well, the short answer is no. I bought the game at the first early access release, and while it was bearly a game, I saw where it could go with work. It does not meet any of those areas I felt it could go. Firstly, the games social ""class"" system, which I originally thought was a cool idea, actually takes away from the game. This is because middle class ""overseers"" are the only ones that can actively perform tasks, and the lower class ""workers"" are only able to assist in the tasks that the overseer they are assigned to is doing. This ultimatelly means that the lower class citizens feel pointless as without an  overseer they wonder mindlessly around your colony doing nothing, taking up resources and beds. Secondly, the game originally promised a personality and social system, where people could become friends and the traits would perhaps clash with each other. In reality, I have yet to see a single person make a friend or enemy, and the traits by and large are just window dressing. They seem to have next to no actual bearing on the gameplay, bar from a few annoying exceptions that make your colonists just randomly go made for a day, and then go back to normal. It feels tacked on and pointless. There is a happiness system in game where a well decorated work and sleep environment will make people work for longer hours, but again it feels pointless, or just unimportant. All tasks get done, so it just becomes a nuisance that slows down the entire experience for no obvious reason.Thirdly, the whole game feels clunky and unfinished. Whether its the slightly weird looking buildings, to wardrobes going through the floor, to colonists acting more like robots that people, the lack of roads and so many other issues, the game feels like it needed 6 more months or possibly even a year of development before it would actually feel fun. Right now it feels like you fight the UI and AI to get resources for pointless projects that provide no satisfaction."
76561198007558714,Not Recommended,224740,32185728,Posted: 4 June,all,Havoc13,Never finished. Had a ton of promise though.
,Not Recommended,224740,30973154,Posted: 5 April,all,☭Postal Speed Weed☭,"I got this game back while it was still in beta, which i believe was around two years ago. Clockwork Empires had the facinating concept of a Dwarf Fortress-esque colony builder with Cthullu Mythos hiding within the background, only ever rearing its head every-so-often.Unfortunately, it was just a bore to play after awhile, as frequent bugs plagued the game as a whole. I uninstalled it and waited in the hopes that the 1.0 release would fix all said issues by then.Oh man, was I mistaken.The bugs are still there - once you reach 30 colonists you'll notice slowdown, and the more you get, the slower the game gets to the point that it will crash. Your colonists wont listen to you at times, sometimes they spawn in areas where they're practically isolated from the main group, causing them to slowly starve to death, enemies spawn randomly, the whole sha-bang.Worst yet, though, is the fact that this game had been abandoned almost immediatly after the 1.0 release, meaning that these issues will never be fixed nor will there ever be new content coming out for it.It's sad to say this, but its best to not buy this abandoned piece of programming, as it isn't worth spending 30+ dollars for an unfinished beta that's marketed as a finished product."
76561197971724802,Recommended,224740,26238792,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Pontifex Maximus,"Clockwork Empiressends players as an agent of the Victorian empire to a new land, to oversee a new colony. As you often will in town-builders, you slowly build up and tech up, working the land and trying to survive while improving your settlement and keeping its residents happy. There’s a touch of The Sims in that, a bit of Dwarf Fortress, with people having their own personalities, interests, and mental state. All of which may be adversely affected by the eldritch powers in this strange land.Gaslamp Games’ take on colonization seems pretty routine on the surface. But once you dig (and unearth mysterious artifacts), you’ll find out that things are not quite as they seem.Clockwork Empiresis still buggy, and frustrating, but manages to provide something very fun and satisfying for the right kind of player. There are no easy way to play, but perseverance will be rewarded.THE GOOD- Exciting consept- Great graphics- Rich lore- Lots of resources, production chains, & buildings- Has Fish peopleTHE BAD- No grapics settings- Still buggy- AI is frustrating at timesNote 25.05.2017: Clockwork Empires will never be finished as the game devs have abandoned the game.7/10DISASTER | BAD | MEDIOCRE | OKAY |GOOD| GREAT | AMAZING | MASTERPIECE"
,Not Recommended,224740,31474728,Posted: 30 April,all,tdk5001,"It's a very cool game with very good ideas, variety and character. The depth of the tech tree is really satisfactory, perhaps I haven't seen such a deep tech tree ever - definitely makes it worth playing!HOWEVER, and this is a big however, the game is super imbalanced and there are too many weird events happening all the time which completely push you over every time you just manage to reintroduce some balance in your brittle economy, where workers work sooooo slooooow!There's just too much happening while in economy terms almost barely ever happens due to the slowliness of workers and the day/night routine.. They are constantly unhappy and to keep them happy, it is difficult and every time you do - something happens and ruins it!I just managed to build all the basic necessary factories/workshops and almost was sustainable in my production (was about to research larch tree farm and close the production loop) and freaking fish people, aliens, occult stuff happened - after which the Empire suddenly gave up on sending me people, so I got screwed cuz all of my overseers died! I just managed then to build a foreign affairs office and freaking aliens and other empire attacked me... and then I lost! I lost a game into which I invested about 6 hours of my day!Also, can you not introduce like speed 10??? Instead of just 2??? If it is such an imbalanced game, I'd like to play like 10 times in 6 hours, not 1... : /There's alot of good in this game, but there are a lot of issues in it as well. Which is why I don't suggest people to buy it until these are resolved and it is more balanced!!!"
,Not Recommended,224740,26233503,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,SYI2k17,"Update for ""1.0 release"": devs abandoned the project with most of the interesting features never implemented.  Still very janky (especially animations and placement of buildings).Promising concept, but really uninspired implementation.  High levels of jank and a long slog at the beginning, similiar to gnomoria or towns.  Get this on sale - if you've got several hours to get your town up to a functional level and enjoy boggling at how dumb your colonists are."
76561198045733495,Not Recommended,224740,28810362,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,McPants Act 2,"Wasted potential, I waited for the game to be finished, it never was and probably wont be. Go play Dungeons of Dredmor and ignore this game."
76561197994125600,Not Recommended,224740,29479315,Posted: 25 January,all,Skev,"Clockwork Empires CLEARLY should still be in Early Access, but they slapped a 1.0 number on there and called it done.   Almost a good game, but it seems that its potential is never going to be realized since they're apparently not going to fix some glaring bugs and problems."
76561198016272022,Recommended,224740,18566255,"Posted: 19 October, 2015",all,Gizmo,"A really deep Town sim.Only found 2 bugs where soldiers got stuck, its definetivly worth the price.Everything about this game just really feeds my managing sim needs,pluss you have many types of enemies and cults to kill, and if you do really bad your entire colony might end up eating each-other and joining dark cults.Remember that its a slow game and there is no fast forward button.Sit down relax and watch your colony grow .9/10 even if its in alpah its still feels big, and will only get better from here."
76561198040342008,Not Recommended,224740,29966756,Posted: 16 February,all,PunKnight,I had followed this game for a while. It had lots of promise behind it with an interesting idea behind it. Unfortunately the game was released before it was ready and the developers have abandoned the game. Do not buy.
,Not Recommended,224740,33998919,Posted: 3 August,all,PartTimeVillain,"While I can't say I didn't get my money's worth during the Early Access period of this game in terms of time played, all of that time was spent playing a game that was riddled with bugs and incomplete or broken features. Even with those, though, the game was fun, and it had a TON of potential to become something great. In the end, the devs went from outright promising they weren't going to abandon the game when it went full release, to abandoning the game after it went full release and going into a total communication blackout. No explanation, no apology, nothing. They simply ghosted.As it stands right now, if you're into this type of game, it might be worth checking out if you catch it at a deep discount, but it's nowhere near worth the asking price with the problems that plague it and the deadbeat devteam behind it."
,Not Recommended,224740,32530850,Posted: 18 June,all,Goodfella,Left before it was finished. Bought it in 2014 but the game kept crashing so I just put it away until it was fixed. Now I guess it kinda never will be.
76561198006029397,Not Recommended,224740,30450890,Posted: 11 March,all,Crazyrat,"Game looked great, then it was abandoned without word from the developers. If you buy this you'll get an unfinished game that won't get finished, don't waste your money."
,Not Recommended,224740,26288334,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Xan,"I bought this game when an RPS article announced that it's out of EA soon. Sadly, I didn’t like what I saw. Yes, the premise is fantastic. But as a management game, I disagree with its paradigms.Say you want to cook food. You build a kitchen. In the kitchen, you can build stoves – those serve as workplaces that can be used by an Overseer and his assigned Labourers.And then you learn you can’t queue production up. At all. At most you can set one product and the number you want (I think there’s a “forever” option as well). But you can’t queue up production at a single workplace within a building. This is especially daunting when you need to manufacture things like furniture and crafting stations – good luck remembering what else you needed when the previous item finishes.Several workplaces are a solution? They are not free, and who knows how workers prioritize between them.It’s unpleasant to manage, and for me that kills a management game. I stopped playing very early as soon as I realized that. Decided not to refund (my fault for not researching the game thoroughly), but still left unsatisfied. Back to Rimworld for me.."
76561197970881539,Not Recommended,224740,31266985,Posted: 20 April,all,Badakun,"Absolutely gutted. A clunky, unpolished RTS-lite and I sadly have to say it's really not worth playing. I managed nearly 4 hours and it's just a mess. Imagine if you will, taking a fantastic idea, eating it, digesting it and during the digestion realease an early access, people go wild and the hype train leaves the station. Then instead of the train arriving at a beautiful, polished, fluid, love-craftian affair, they slowly poop out the half digested mish-mash of ideas.It's slow, it feels sluggish and the mechanics, while interesting and unique in concept are meek in practical application.Should you get it?Well that really depends on your ideae of ""worth while"". Like all forms of art, it's subjective but there are things we can all agree are bad design or poorly implemented, for instance; an unintuitive UI, poor performance and while conceptually it works on paper but the practicality of having these great ideas formed in video-game format just doesn't work at all.Don't do it. It's been abandoned like the baby of a prom night romp, in a dumpster."
,Not Recommended,224740,28919156,Posted: 1 January,all,frest,"I've put 150 hours into Dungeons of Dredmor.  I follow Gaslamp on Twitter and read their dev posts on the SA forums.  I was so excited for a new Dwarf Fortress-alike, I bought the game Day 1.  I had a call while doing the tutorial, came back finished the tutorial, started trying to play for real.Game's not done.  Looks terrible, runs terrible, interface is awful, game is worse than Dwarf Fortress in every way.  Would have refunded it right then and there if I could but I ran over due to stepping away.  I've been keeping an eye on this genre on Steam and between this and Spacebase DF-9 I think I have enough data to say:If you want Dwarf Fortress, get it from the source and don't rely on another half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥attempt at it."
76561198010314614,Recommended,224740,25238198,"Posted: 29 August, 2016",all,"Sen. Dirksen, The Wizard of Ooze","I bought this game when it first came out, and let it sit for a while, and I come back pleasantly surprised!The devs have clearly put a lot of consistent work in, and the game is steadily fulfilling the promises made when the game was announced. I'm happily building my latest colony to greatness (while keeping my colonists from sucumbing to Cultish Influences and [REDACTED]) as we speak.As to the recent negative reviews, one person appears to be in a spat with the devs over 1 (one) mechanic which is at absolute most a minor inconvenience (and indeed is designed to be that way), and the other has so clearly not learned to play or paid attention to the game that I'm shocked they had the confidence to write a review.Clockwork Empires is a great game now, and by playing it now you can invest in an even better game to come!"
,Not Recommended,224740,32972171,Posted: 28 June,all,Baron Samedi,Abandonware. Don't buy it.
76561198044877661,Recommended,224740,23409867,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,manamoo22,"I've been playing this game for under a month (a few weeks before it officially went into Beta) and I did a LOT of research before purchasing. I had been looking for a game like this and I'm very meticulous for my research and my pickiness, ask my husband. =P That being said...the video had me hooked...the campy, dark humour with a Lovecraftian tone?! I ended up watching player made video's and decided, despite the higher price, I NEEDED this game. No regrets. Bugs and all I love it!The Dev team is constantly working on things...even on the weekends...and with colds. I've gone through a slew of patches with them. I'm doing the experimental patches, to hopefully help catch some of the bugs. These guys are working their tail feather off, and I think they are getting unjust reviews here. Hence, me reviewing...which this is my first game review, that's how much I am loving this game. The community on their official site forum are really awesome folks, haven't run across a ""troll"". A bit of teasing on my lack of lingo, but I'm okay with that, heck I expect that. It is all in good fun.One of the things I did notice on reviews was ""slow"" pace or the need to speed up the in-game time. I don't think that would work...it is, afterall, a Time Management game. You have to actually play the game, set the tasks, don't over assign so the poor little colonists just get all bottlenecked and confused. I have no patience, again ask the husband, but this game has my focus. I did step away for a bit and didn't pause, came back and well it wasn't pretty...bandits and fish people attacking and slowly eating my people. One by one. It was funny to watch. Yes, I'm twisted. Why this game appeals to me so much.Another thing, it is early access, still. Which means you will have to restart, there will be bugs...big company games release full games with more bugs than this one has now...For me it was well worth the price. Oh another really cool thing with all the restarting I've done...not one single game was the same. Not even remotely. It's a mystery bag full of twisted fun. I highly recommend this game for those that like a good challenge, are willing to work with the issues knowing they are being fixed as FAST as the Dev's can and are a bit twisted...liking and/or loving Lovecraft is just a really awesome perk."
76561198087634668,Recommended,224740,14584754,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,Marasume,"Quite like towns.... minus the developer cheating you out of your hard earned cash and then pretty much telling you to ♥♥♥♥ off.... These guys are currently doing it right and in the two updates since I have started playing they have been more than helpful and acceptive of the players feedback. This game is more than just a Towns ""Clone."" With actual animated combat and a much more diverse set of things that can go wrong. The game revolves around you expanding for the Queen. Dropped off from the airship into a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ you must begin making your mark on the world. There are dangers all over the world from fishpeople and bandits to forgein empires. Building is quite gratifying and when your troops hold off a raid of enemies it does give a smile. Then if your people are hungry they can have a few Manwiches and get back to work.If you are on the fence continue waiting. If you wish to support Gaslamp then HOP RIGHT IN! Help shape this game to be the dark humorous experience that it will be.Update 12/09/15 This game continues to impress me with awesome updates that just continue to get better and better.Update 03/19/17 This game is in a playable state. The developers cut their goals quite short and haven't even patched the bugs created from the final version. Sad, I had great hope for this game and the things they had planned for development. In the end I find myself mixed on it. It is a good game albeit a bit buggy at times."
76561198003261458,Not Recommended,224740,33397563,Posted: 9 July,all,Small Gay Bunny,"Abanonded, plain and simple. So much potential, but has bugs that literally render the game unplayable once you've been playing a certain amount of time. A real shame."
76561197998163412,Not Recommended,224740,27251026,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Neodarkblade,I was so hyped up for this game when I found out about it so I grabbed it when it hit early access and enjoyed it despited the many bugs and crashes it had.Sadly It still crashes sometimes and many of the bugs from the early access are still there.also it has lots of micromangement to a unneeded level such as rallying your troops over and over again to then same place to get them there.Alot of this stuff could be fixed and I feel the could be room for so much expansion like the occult stuff it would be cool to have your guys set up an occult church.But as the game is  now there doesnt feel like there's enough and with all the micromanagement thats needed it's hard to just look at your village and say that everything is working smoothly.I'll probably still play it but I can recommend it as it is sadly.maybe if they continue to work on it I will.
76561198005705060,Not Recommended,224740,26362061,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Wonju,"I followed the development of this, and bought on launch day.  Sadly it runs badly on my machine, the UI is unresponsive and lacking standard things like edge scrolling with the mouse.The game's graphics look like they need another round of refinement.  Graphics aren't the most important part of a game, but if I am going to stare at a screen for 10+ hours, it should look better than this."
,Recommended,224740,26227375,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Matt S,"Been playing this all through Early Access and feel like I've barely scratched the surface of Clockwork Empires and can't wait for the release and any future updates! The setting is right up my street, I love how the colonists are built up with their traits and memories. It's lovecraftian, it can be funny, it's engaging and building up a settlement while navigating the events that crop up along the way is great, there's always several things you want to do and it's your choice what you act on with the accompanying results yours to own!The developers have been great with patches and support and Clockwork Empires has flourished in Early Access."
,Not Recommended,224740,25424944,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,Doomeetrue,"(I've bought this game on May 4th 2016 and it is September 9th 2016 at the time of writing this.)During these 4 months I've had a couple of enjoying runs with the game. Some features are being added and development is moving at a normal pace I think.Even after 85 hours with this game unfortunately I cannot recommend it at this point.Even though there have been multiple stable patches and fixes in these 4 months, some basic game-breaking bugs are still there. As a developer I'm not very encouraged by the fact that these game-breaking bugs are simply not addressed. Like for example the Stockpile bug - delete any stockpile and the game immediately crashes.And even though it was fun to progress on each separate run (even before the 2X speed setting), it got to a point that I'm simply too frustrated.I spend 4-5 hours to build a good colony with a good balance and then things start breaking down around me. Why? Because a certain building simply stopped working: the sims are there, the materials are there, modules and everything are fine, but it simply stopped working. Now you have to demolish a building and re-build it. Then something else breaks down. Then an important item is bugged and cannot be produced no matter what, so you can't progress after that. Rinse and repeat.So even though the concept, graphics and overall gameplay are nice, I'm just too tired of starting game after game just to hit an impassable wall caused by bugs.If the game ever comes out of Early Access - consider buying this, but until then get Rim World."
76561198095478046,Recommended,224740,11774676,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,<Simus>,"It's acutually quite fun, allthough the glitches are everywhere and half of the game are placeholders, plus the optimization is quite awful. But seeing that this game is in Earliest early access and isn't ANYWHERE close to finished development, i'll let it stand. Maybe it shouldn't have been put on steam this early seeing as it crashes every 10 - 15 minutes but the game is still quite enjoyable and is only going to get better once the bugs are fixed and a menu screen is added."
,Not Recommended,224740,26243570,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,mattjpwns,"I want to be able to recommend this - the initial idea was excellent, but the end product (at least out of early access, GLG do have a strong history of post-launch support with Dungeons of Dredmor, so I'll update this if things change) is pleasant enough, but lacking in depth. Just about everything has been done better elsewhere. You have no real motivation to give a particular damn about individual colonists.If you're looking for a colony simulator where anything and everything can go wrong for all sorts of bizarre reasons, Rimworld is still a better choice here in my opinion, and has far superior moddability, workshop support, depth and sense of ""individuality"" of your colonists. It's also only asking for $3 more than this.Tentative ""yes"" on sale, would not recommend at full price unless further patches add a lot more content."
76561198038420560,Not Recommended,224740,29634323,Posted: 1 February,all,hank2839,"This is a fun, unique little game, until you hit the mid-late game where fustration sets in and never goes away. I have waited patiently for a fix to come out, but the studio seems to have gone quiet. Even their website is incomplete (community portal link does not work). I have the recommended PC specs, but the game starts lagging mid game, and there is nothing you can do to speed it up. Your settlers will just walk in place for a few seconds, then move one tile, walk in place for a few seconds, move another tile, etc. It seems to go in spurts as you will have a dreaded 15 second wait for a couple of minutes, but then the wait usually calms down to 3-6 seconds of waiting between tile movement.Overall, it is a fun game, until you get besieged by the lag. I can only recommend buying this game if it goes on sale for $5."
,Not Recommended,224740,33785225,Posted: 25 July,all,Sir_Elm,"Buggy and unfinished, devs are nowhere to be seen."
,Recommended,224740,13022315,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,piratedel,"I like the idea of this game; a group of colonists you can micromanage into building a new settlement in a lavish resource filled world, but watch out for the bandits and fishpeople.This game has a lot of great potential, as far as strategy sandbox games go. But just when you think you're getting into it, it crashes, and it happens a lot. There is still a long way to go before it reaches the final product stage but it may have a lot of potential.Rev33 gets a 5/10. Playable, not worth the full ticket price."
76561198005544725,Not Recommended,224740,26345188,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Ergoban,"Pros: Great concept, interesting gameplay.Cons: Non-functional AI, fidgety micromanagement UI in a game largely consumed by micromanagement.Not worth buying at this point. Might be worth a buy after future patches."
,Not Recommended,224740,26279798,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,Dournsoul,"Great concept for a game, but sadly it is poorly executed. The core gameplay design has steadily gone downhill over the years, in my opinion, bordering on pure tedium at the expense of fun. Numerous bugs, glitches, crashes, and UI problems are also still present in the latest 'release' version of the game, many of which have been around since the earliest days of early access.Someday this may become an amazing product worthy of your time and money, but that day is not today."
76561198006559932,Not Recommended,224740,30103698,Posted: 22 February,all,stannach,"I loved the concept, but its an all too familiar end to a game I started in Early Access.  No updates for like awhile now. I Think its dead and the devs have moved on.  Worth picking up really cheap if you want to try it, but it's not going to get any more love from the devs.  :(  right now it's buggy, and just slightly better than OK."
76561198041325415,Recommended,224740,23116898,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,stevegit,"For the bugs in the game, it is alpha, ignoring those and unfinished features.  I have played on the experimental and main braches.   (50D and 50F)First off, the price is a bit high for an early release, however I think in some ways they make up for it by their working on it.  Several releases come out a month, and not just little tiny patches to fix bugs.  Ofcourse this means they have more bugs, but it also means they will finish faster.The game has a lot of promise and with the development speed I believe they may meet the promise head on.Right now the game is a bit bugy, a bit slow (both in game play and things like save/load).  The later could be solved by using binary files instead of zip, the game play could be fixed by imposing traditional 14 hour work days of the time period (they stand around a lot, lazy freaks).  :-).I have to say the content between 50D and 50F are significant enough that I believe the content in the end of times will be massive.  Who knows maybe I can start building duragibles for my soldiers to fly around and attack those fishy freaks that keep bringing me caviar."
76561197996463886,Not Recommended,224740,26399992,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,entropy3ko,"The idea behind this game is excellent......BUT the execution is lacking.The game is simply unpolished and feels more like an alpha than a ""finished product"". The interface is clunky, you cannot decinstruct modules (objects) you build in the game, your labourers are buggy, etc.The idea of an empire builder in a lovecraftian setting is very original, but as it is the game is simply not good enough.Disappointed!"
,Not Recommended,224740,27987863,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,LEIF,"It was better before offical release, how does that even happen?"
76561198052295625,Recommended,224740,17399111,"Posted: 5 August, 2015",all,zbyhnev,"Great concept, needs work.The combination of steampunk and lovecraftian horror works wonderfully.The actual gameplay bit is shallow, clunky and repetitive at this stage, but the game has potential enough to merit buying and supporting further development."
76561198057176782,Not Recommended,224740,31730404,Posted: 13 May,all,Elsabob,"A bit of a mixed review from me, and a hope that the series will return with Clockwork Empires 2.0?  Please?  With levels and a better interface?Good PointsI love the atmosphere and flavour of this game so much. I have ever got such a sense of forboding from a game (apart from Bioshock), or been yelling at my workers berating them for their cultish tendancies.  There is a real feeling that without you managing them pretty intensively, these people would go mad and start eating each other within a week.Each of your people has personality traits, strengths and a history which you can go in and read, which can be hilarious or warn you about events that are about to happen (feeling the beckoning of the waves anyone?)  I also love that it's quite challenging - it definitely throws a lot of bandits/aliens/enemies at you and you won't be able to get through without some of your villagers dying.  Some tips:- Build a pub as soon as possible, because alchohol will keep your people sane until you can build a church- Bury your dead! (your people WILL get upset if you leave them around)- Don't eat the long pork unless you are prepared for consequences- Keep an eye out for villiagers in robes heading for the forest, because they will be summoning something and it won't be good.  Remove their candles as soon as you can!- Depressed overseers (or ones involved in a cult) won't do any work.  Don't leave them with something critical (e.g. Kitchen), take them off it until they've returned to normal- Make multiple barracks and do keep them manned.- Telling the fishpeople to go away, but not eating their caviar is the best way to protect your town - you'll get some attacks but they won't be too bad once you have a barracksBad PointsThe user interface is very detailed but not really explained nor intuative, so it can be hard to work out how to do things, and when you do it can take a long time to do them.  It's also difficult to get an overview of what all your people are doing and i imagine it would get fairly impossible once you get to a certain number.The speed is infuriatingly slow once you've got the hang of the game.Once you've got the hang of surviving there isn't really much else to achieve that really gets you anywhere - no levels and the achievements aren't really enough motivation to keep getting better. You unlock other terrains but playing on them doesn't feel like a different enough challenge - it's just the same game again.  It would be great to be able to expand your empire after a certain point and build on it??The game seems to corrupt sometimes and just won't go past a particular event - everytime you reload and try again it crashes again. You have to go back to serveral loads earlier and try and avoid the event to get past it.  This seems to be happening more now than when I bought the game. For this reason alone I can't really recommend it, which is sad because I do feel like I got my money's worth - I've played it for 38 hours.The random events that happen give you choices, but they are too repetative, so you learn the best options very quickly and then they don't really do anything.ConclusionLots of awesome ideas and atmosphere but needs better user interface and rewards. If it wasn't for the crashing I would still be recommending it because it's brilliantly creepy and intense when it's working (Leave strange objects ALONE people, do NOT touch them)."
,Not Recommended,224740,34943424,Posted: 13 September,all,Monterico Gaming TV,Anytime you see game development stop right after release you have to really question if the game is not worth post game support is it worth you money. I say no. Better options available.
76561198025994109,Recommended,224740,11795084,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Collimation,"This game is very promising.  While far from finished in its present form there are enough elements present to suggest this is going to be immensely good fun when it is finished because it is already pretty good.  I look forwards with considerable interest to future developments, because so far I have seen plenty to recommend it."
76561198007265967,Not Recommended,224740,32048460,Posted: 29 May,all,Nefas,Unfinished game.
,Not Recommended,224740,28879889,"Posted: 31 December, 2016",all,Xordaii,"TL;DR  Don't buy this if you are coming from their main site and see the promise: Linux support coming soon.One of the few I have regretted getting in early access. Worked fine under wine with the windows version, and on the Steam page at the time Linux was supported. Okay, give it a try.Played the game, had tons of fun. Figured this would be one of my favorite.  Soon after buying it, Steam no longer works with wine, so had to wait for the official support. Okay, pretty patient.Almost two years later, After numerous promises ""we are working on it"" with sparse updates on the thread, it no longer looks like support is serious. Instead of just telling us we are working on it, why not just admit, we paid for a game we will never get to play again?Was fun while it lasted, but really, why drag it out and lead us on?  I get the idea deadlines are more important than bug fixes, that promises aren't important. We say what you want to hear type.  The promised support was ""almost got it, just a few bugs"", ""need log files"", test this... then absolutely no communication except to respond to ""Are we still doing this?"" with ""will work on it after release.""Has been released.  Thread abandoned.  Finally had to give up hope.  I like the idea behind this enough that I probably will keep seeing it in my games list and checking for Linux support. I won't be able to help myself.  It won't be too often though."
,Recommended,224740,26239367,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Raz,"I enjoy this game quite a bit.It scratches that colony/city-building itch quite thoroughly for me, and each playthrough turns out completley different depending on what the game throws at you.Think Dwarf Fortress and Banished,  except with an easier learning curve.Its kinda how they used Dungeons of Dredmor to ease people into the roguelike genre.The UI and layout takes a little getting used to, and even with all the helpful tooltips and tutorials, theres still a handful of things that aren't immediatley given or explained to someone new to the game, which may be a little frustrating at first, but you get more and more of those ""Aha!"" moments as you continue to play and watch your little colony burst into flames and the colonists begin to literally eat each other.Its extremlely satisfying.Having seen this game go from what it was to what it is now has been quite an adventure, and i'm looking forward to another 100+ hours."
76561197990070543,Not Recommended,224740,33933210,Posted: 31 July,all,sharpy,Abandonware....
76561198007406171,Not Recommended,224740,31832513,Posted: 18 May,all,ThaPumpkinKing,"This game hits every interest in my wheelhouse, and stinks at making any of them fun or rewarding. Slow, clunky, expensive...the reason i dont buy early access anymore. Very disappointing."
76561198022006407,Recommended,224740,13612582,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Jakobner,"I bought this game not expecting much as it's in early alpha but already I've seen enough to know I made the right choice of buying it. At the moment there are some quite rough bugs in that are getting worked out but when they are I'm sure it'll be one of the better games in the genre! Kudos, Gaslamp!"
76561198040711515,Not Recommended,224740,30171184,Posted: 25 February,all,mrbunnyban,"Unfortuntely, it appears the company has dissolved and this game will no longer receive updates. It is still very buggy and not in a complete state."
76561198017639808,Not Recommended,224740,29955841,Posted: 15 February,all,Bohemond,"This game is one of the reasons I will never invest in alphas again. It had such great potential, ended up abandoned by the devs.  It is an unfinished pile of♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ Do not buy this!!"
76561198004314912,Not Recommended,224740,11774372,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,rbr,"Really not yet (at least as of 18 August 2014).  Really not for this price.Gameplay is very similar to Towns.  You have the same basic DF-lite build-your-production-engine-even-though-you-don't-directly-control-anyone kind of experience.  There are what appear to be enhancements to the Towns model in the social class system and the work crew composition, as well as an interesting improvement in the way buildings can be customized and extended.  There's no third dimension, which may prove to be a terrible mistake or may prove to be a brilliant simplification.  There's also no documentation or tutorial, so you're sort of left to figure out what all of this stuff actually means yourself.  It's also sluggish and prone to crashes, the UI's full of TBDs, and you can't save your game.The style is engaging, the artwork is promising, the gameplay seems like it will eventually be tunable into something both fun and challenging.  It's worth keeping your eye on this game.  But it really only works sometimes, if you don't look at it too hard.  And it's not a real game yet.You can't blame them for turning to the Early Access model.  I mean, that's money you don't have to pay back after you ship, why wouldn't you do that if you could?  But the 30 dollar price point's going to generate a lot of buyers' remorse."
,Not Recommended,224740,26248800,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,NeT,"Initial thoughts on this game are its clunky, slightly buggy with certain tasks like leveling/flattening the ground where one guy would come and level it, and a guy next to him would come and level it again which made it unlevel so the other guy was like F YOU and he levels again, and it was a constant leveling battle to see who would last the longest. Neither of them got tired and I imagine they both had the will power to do it forever if they had to.The gameplay part of the game is ok, but it all just feels clunky and not polished, its slow progress, hard to understand whats going on at first. They need to work on that. Can I recommend it now? Yeah probably but only if you are able to look past bad animations, clunky buildings, odd task assigning, and such. It works, but in a not very efficient way."
,Not Recommended,224740,15525788,"Posted: 24 April, 2015",all,Sahib,"Edited 3/25/2017My previous review focused on the numerous broken facets of this game.  Most of those appear to have been addressed, and I thought I'd give it another try today, as I still love the concept here.It crashed twice on me. Hard crash, out of the game.What the flying crap, guy? Two years later and I can't play the game without it crashing once an hour?"
,Recommended,224740,18342897,"Posted: 5 October, 2015",all,McBeardins,Game definitely isn't finished but the updates have been getting exponentially better. These past few updates have made the game worth playing and if you're the kind of person with some patience for bugs I would definitely recommend it.Things worth knowing:- It feels like there is enough content to get a good story going but the lack of a fast forward feature means it takes a while to get moving-There's a lack of building/module descriptions so be ready to look at the wiki every once in a while-The devs have a great sense of humor and make significant updates regularly-I've only had a couple of crashes and no game breaking bugs since last update and the autosaving keeps me from ever losing much progress.
76561198006636410,Recommended,224740,17460875,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,(R.I.C)Yuir,"Controls are clunky and menus still need a lot of work, but the game is actually shaping up to be great in comparison to a certain other that I pre-ordered (Folk Tale), which abandoned most of its ambitions. This game had a small release and barely anyone knew it was for pre-access and guess what, it was the right thing to do: it was atrocious when I bought it (I was one of the first), but it's molding to be a feat of a game. Don't buy it yet, but keep an eye on it."
76561198163899820,Not Recommended,224740,26276297,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,matt92179,"I read about Clockwork Empires oh so long ago in some PC games magazine on a flight to Las Vegas. The article interested me so much that I sought out the game and purchased it as an early access game.I know early access is full of glitches so I waited and waited and waited and waited and waited for the CE to be declared complete. Wow was I disappointed when I opened the game up and saw that the same bugs, glitches, and EXTREME LAG were still present from the early access.What have the devs been doing this entire time? The game is lags so much that it is unplayable.As of now, I would NOT RECOMMEND this game. However, I still have hope that one day prior to the apocalypse Clockwork Empires will be playable."
76561198025581192,Recommended,224740,16645161,"Posted: 23 June, 2015",all,Bomtaker01,"This Game has seen alot of Improvements Since i last reviewed the Game i feel as though completely re-doing it was fair, The bugs i had issues with when i first got the game? Gone, the features that were promised in earlier versions? implemented with more proimises on the way. The Gameplay soundtrack that i enjoyed last time i played? Tweaked to make it better! In short the game has made alot of progress since its debut, and theres still more to go. If Early access games should take inspiration from anywhere this is it. That is not a statement i make lightly eitherShould you buy this game? yes"
76561198015014916,Not Recommended,224740,23173429,"Posted: 23 May, 2016",all,V-Lemons,"This is one of those times where Steam needs a ""Mehhhh?"" thumbs rating.Bear in mind that this game is still in Beta so things are always likely to be changed from when this review was written.This is a really good idea for a game, it has a solid idea and is something I'd really enjoy playing, so why am I not recommending it?Firstly, this game is super slow, not just gameplay wise (I don't personally mind that so much), but the game just chugs. The fact that there are no options to either reduce graphics or gamemap to potentially speed up gameplay is a real downside to the game. The other problem is that the recommended processor doesn’t give the actual speed, just a processor; I’m not a computer whiz so saying “Intel i5 Processor or Equivalent” really means nothing to me, so I don’t know if the problem ultimately is my game or my PC.Secondly, the game is just too hard, and not in the good challenging way. My colonists are getting super upset because I can’t provide proper food, because I can’t build a kitchen fast enough, because bandits keep coming to wreck everything. If the game is going to make it slow to start things up, it should give more leeway before the enemies start making things difficult. I don’t mind having to work to get things up and running, but it is just down right frustrating when I can hardly get things started before bandits come to curbstomp me.Thirdly, the UI/issues commands needs some work. This is probably related to the first point of the game being very slow for me, but trying to drag an area of the map to set commands, before clicking to do something like “Cut Trees” is far more frustrating than it needs to be. Either the drag box doesn’t encompass everything I want or, more often, the command doesn’t process as I have misclicked what seems one pixel away to cancel the command. It’s a nice idea with the radial command wheel, but I think have a simple alternative as well (i.e. being able to select an object in another dialogue box to issue commands) would go a long way to solve this.Another point to briefly mention is that other reviews have mentioned the poor tutorial; it wasn’t great but in all honesty I never really use tutorials, I am a firm believer that a game should be intuitive enough for me to be able to pick it up as I go a long, and this game seemed to do that.However, all criticisms aside, this is a game that has the potential to be really fun. If you’re browsing these reviews and thinking if you should buy it, I’d recommend putting it on your wishlist and following updates. If you’d like to give it a go, wait for a sale to pick it up then, otherwise this is a game to really wait for the devs to patch a few problems.I should stress again that this game is still in Beta, so don’t take this “No” recommendation as a sign to steer clear. If I could I would give this a middle rating."
76561198030865678,Not Recommended,224740,33476424,Posted: 12 July,all,[PFU]Migi,Disgusting how early access gets abused once more. Abandoned buggy game.
76561198215461251,Recommended,224740,25453848,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,daduhweewah,"Strongly suggest to anyone that enjoys world building city building colony managing simulation style games. This is definitely a slight twist of those genres but it is addicting.Keep in mind too after reading some negatives- there are bugs in this game sometimes, they patch them quickly and new bugs arise sometimes. This game is extremely complex compared to others of its type. You would be amazed with the character depth on this game. But people saying things STOP WORKING or WONT BE FED , they are not playing the game correctly. Keeping happiness in your colony is EXTREMELY hard and takes a while to figure out. When your colony is unhappy they will not work, thus it truly makes it feel like the game is way buggier than it is. There are a few crashes here and there, I am not denying that. But people going into despair or anger is the biggest cause of negative reviews on this game. I assure you of that. If you keep peoples happiness high (which you wont do for a few runs at the game) you will succeed in building a colony and having it last. If you dont however, they stop working, cults arise, fish people attack, people die, people starve (because your kitchen wont cook, your foragers wont forage and your hunters wont hunt obviously)Its a very challenging game, there is a lot more to it than meets the eye. It is very in depth. I have 111 hours on it and I still go ""OHHHHH"" all the time.**** My review really does not change from EA to post release. I wish there was a bit more late game content, there gets to a point where you kind of feel like there is no reason to keep a colony alive, since the early struggles are the bulk of the challenge. So towards the end of games when you are like ""well I dont really have much left to do"" I liked to build a couple steam knights, and just insult every other faction and have them attack me, kinda made it seem like I had something going on.Dont get me wrong, by the time you get to feeling like I stated above, you will have played enough to get your moneys worth EASILY (unless you are a typical steam cheap♥♥♥♥♥who thinks if you pay more than 3 cents an hour with a game you buy that you got robbed and the game is automatically worth a negative) the late game content is never an issue though in the first 50-75 hours of play, you wont get much late game in 50 hours in this game, its gonna take you 15 hours to have figured out how to start a game and get the stuff you need up and running before day 20 - itll seem impossible but you need to figure out how to have a church by day 20... It will take you 50-75 days on your first run if you keep everyone alive that long, its hard.Also, this game still doesnt have as many bugs as people make it sound, people still are posting negatives about colonists not being fed etc etc, its not a bug... You have to put decor inside the homes and workplaces to keep people happy, you have to feed them nicer quality of food to keep them happy, you have to make sure they have a place to sleep to keep them happy, and if you dont the game is going to feel broken because the carpenters wont cut wood the builders wont build the miners wont mine the farmers wont farm and the cooks wont cook. This game is far less buggier than people give it credit, I havent had a crash since it released (people have had crashes, I personally have not) and also, this game is a 3d game, there is to my knowledge no other game of this genre that is in 3d? (I know there are games probably in this genre that are 3d, but I cant think of one with an open map, tasks assigned like this, just a rimworld/DF style colony builder where it is in 3d, which as you know rimworld will bog down a bit when you have a bunch of colonists, so this game isnt going to run like rimworld obviously, it runs a bit slower and at times can be clunky in the late game)I'd urge people to give it a chance, just look through the reviews and note the one thing you see with almost every review whether positive or negative, they all put 20+ hours into the game (and usually 40 or 50+)... They all liked it to play that much- you'll get enjoyment out of this game, it is really unique and thats why, youll have your frustrations, but youll get your moneys worth when buying this game if you are on the fence about buying it, if you like the genre youll like this game. Just make sure to put some rugs into your homes and workplaces :) And it will take a couple play throughs and failures to have a good long playthrough where you dont die, there is a learning curve to it.Take care"
76561197976522469,Not Recommended,224740,25945367,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,<SG1> Danger Mouse,"Day 1.The empire has sent out us and other groups of colonists to remote savage lands. After an uneventful journey, we have arrived by steam-powered airship, in the middle of an untamed and remote jungle, teeming with exotic wilderness and unknown wonders. Our dozen or so colonists muddled around aimlessly, having not thought this far ahead. As an afterthought, supply crates are then dropped from the skies, all of them bursting on impact with the colonists’ heads.Day 2.None of the colonists have recovered from concussion yet. They lie on the ground, conscious but groaning, with fallen barrels of sausages and piles of bricks and timber still strewn on top of them. Some lizards occasionally wander past, chasing the jungle foul. One of the lizards ate Geoffrey’s face.Day 3.Finally, the remaining colonists have recovered and are set to work building a carpentry workshop and dumping Geoffrey in a ditch. They consumed the remaining food. Without any other accommodation, the colonists packed into the workshop, which was little more than a wooden box, and slept in a pile. Samuel Applebottom did not quite fit, but seemed content to sleep in the open doorway.Day 4.With no food remaining, the colonists constructed a makeshift kitchen and a chilli farm. Master Chef Tobias Blunderdash was appointed as the cook, and given the perpetual task to make all of the food from now on, using chillies as the only available ingredient.Day 5.The chilli farm was raided by giant beetles. Without a qualified naturalist among them, the colonists did not know how to respond to these happenings. A few ordinary sized beetles appeared to emanate out from the large beetles. Suddenly the cogs clicked into place in the colonists minds and they sprung into action, stomping on the small beetles with great enthusiasm. The large beetles however, remained a mystery, and were simply allowed to proceed. Once the farm was cleared, the large beetles consumed all of the kitchen’s carefully prepared food, only to suddenly die of food poisoning. It seems Tobias did not have any cooking knowledge whatsoever, but thought he would “wing it”.Day 6.Starving, and with no food remaining, the population began searching for mushrooms in the jungle. Fortunately, this group of settlers was still unaware of the dangers of unknown poisonous mushrooms, and were happy with their free meal. Sally Oldenburt immediately died, but we calmed the remaining colonists by explaining that she died of eating too few of the poisoned mushrooms.Day 7.A group of bandits led by a Ned Kelly impersonator arrived, setting up tents randomly on top of the empty chilli farm. Suddenly noticing that they set up their camp in the middle of our camp, and becoming embarrassed, they offered us a deal – they will leave us alone if we occasionally let them take items from our stockpile. Since we do not have any military yet and literally have no supplies, this was accepted. The bandits were pleased nonetheless, and spent the rest of the day slapping the colonists for amusement.Day 8.Something unspeakably horrible emerged from the swamp on the edge of the campsite. It was vaguely humanoid, but it had the gills of a fish, and it peered at us with dark beady eyes. Dripping with swamp mud, it shambled closer to the shuddering colonists, who were paralysed with fear. The bandits were equipped with firearms, but they were terrible at aiming – accidentally shooting one of the colonists, Clive Baker. He dropped dead, but at the instant which his corpse hit the ground, the fishperson lept forth and devoured it, leaving behind only a clean white skeleton. Incensed by the taste of human flesh, the fishperson let out an urgent gurgling shout, and soon two more fishpeople came bounding in from the jungle swamps. The bandits put up a valiant fight, killing one of the three fishpeople, but they were outmatched. All of the bandits except their armoured leader remained. The bandit leader wore a metal can on his head, which the fishpeople were hitting repeated with clubs. The bandit leader was forced to flee into the jungle – greatly slowed by his injuries and the weight of his helmet - but otherwise safe. We could hear the clanging gradually fade as the attackers followed him far, far away into the distance. We picked up the dead bodies left behind in our camp and processed them into sausages.Day 9.Geoffrey has returned. His former friends greeted him normally, as if nothing had happened. The initial conversations were somewhat awkward, trying to avoid the topic of why they let a lizard eat his face and then left him for dead in a ditch, exposing him to the physical and mental trauma of being abandoned in a supernatural jungle alone for a week. He seemed to take it well. He even invited some of them to go on a picnic, insisting that in particular they should bring “only their fleshy selves” to participate in a special meal and he would do the rest. What a nice fellow, offering to do all the cooking work.Day 10.The colonists have not returned yet, since they left with Geoffrey for a nice picnic in the jungle somewhere. A replacement colonist arrived, a ‘hale and hearty’ obese chap called Reginald Gunderfist. Sensing by smell that there was food to be had, he went out in search of the others. Soon after, he came running back, hysterically screaming at the top of his lungs, “There is no Cog!” He jumped off a cliff overlooking the ocean.THE END……?----Despite the amusing concept, the reasons for negative rating cannot be overlooked:- The game is unfinished and full of bugs. This might change over time but might not, and reviews should not be about what the productmightbe.- There is no endpoint, apart from repeating on a couple of different biomes.- The full pricing is completely unjustified for what this is."
76561198097489770,Not Recommended,224740,26581079,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,MesserJoe1,"Feels more like an early access game, full of bugs and controls like on PSX.For sure not worth the 30€!"
76561197989965466,Not Recommended,224740,33295678,Posted: 5 July,all,bmw102974,"Too many bugs, and game was abandoned by devs. Was fun the few times I played it until last update. Doubt anyone is planning to buy it at this point anyways."
,Not Recommended,224740,34070938,Posted: 6 August,all,shadooom,devs disappeared with game not even half finished and no communication at all to the community
76561198000295051,Not Recommended,224740,34248386,Posted: 14 August,all,Squirry,"Could have been a fine game if they had been able to finish it. Alas, they were not. The game it could have been was amazing. The game we got has nothing but unrealized potential going for it.A damn shame."
,Not Recommended,224740,11784895,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Lowkey,"Not recommending until: Save Features, fixing common crashes, and smarter workers. Remember this is Early Access though.PROS: Great and open developer who is constantly updating both the game and development blog(http://clockworkempires.com/development.html). Playable up to 2 hours before crash. Witty and fun gameplay with indepth economy/crafting system. Game's price will not decrease.CONS: It took me about 9 hours to exhaust the fun of this game. It probably would be a lot less if it didn't crash constantly and had a save feature. The game is a mix between Banished and Sims if you've played those. Combat AI is pretty good but workers fail to properly prioritize and pick up tasks (I.E. letting crops fail, not helping other work crews, etc.). Buildings are easy to place but hard to edit during placement (sometimes crashes on renovation too). Population and supplies mostly come in the form of ""Immigration"" and ""Colonial Ministry"" events that are somewhat random and frustratingly slow at times. Once jobs or objects are ordered, there is no way to edit them. The price won't increase upon release so no harm in waiting until it's better."
76561198024468796,Not Recommended,224740,30222269,Posted: 27 February,all,Babby Legs,"This game looked like it had some amazing ideas But sadly the state of the game is dead. It is not worth buying, unless the game becomes more complete. Controls are just pure♥♥♥♥♥♥and things are just so buggy and stale. It's like eating a month old breadstick with no mold on it. Looks ok but taking a bite, you really relize that♥♥♥♥♥♥you just got yourself into. Worth buying for 5$ thats about it."
,Not Recommended,224740,22468113,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,saltmummy626,"Unfortunately, gaslamp overstepped themselves. Sad really. Since the last update, communication from GLG seems to have stopped entirely. From what the community has gathered, the company has either been dissolved or gutted with three of it's main people leaving. Even more unfortunately this leaves us, the customers, holding an overpriced and unfinished product. It doesn't look like a case of ""TAKE THE MONEY AND RUN!"" Rather, it seems to be a case of ""WE HAVE THE BUDGET! PUT IT ALL INTO DEVELOPMENT! WAIT! WHERED THE BUDGET GO!?"" Very sad, since GLG had a great deal of integrity, all things considered. They just stretched themselves too thin and aimed too high. Ambition should be tempered with realism, if it isn't, you end up with projects left unfinished with an inability to complete them.And so clockwork empires goes dormant and sinks, yet another unfinished hulk on the seabed of the early access ocean.[OLD REVEIW]See below for developer response. It's not a bad response. In fact it is the kind of friendly response I expect from gaslamp games.I like gaslamp game, and a steampunk dwarf fortress clone is a cool concept, but for 30$? No... I'd rather buy gaslamps other game with its expansions (dungeons of dredmor) for three of my friends. It would cost about the same. The main issue is that Clockwork Empires is a glacial game in which nothing you want to get done, gets done. A friend of mine told me to not assign lots of tasks all at once, but even with one job that needs to be done, it just doesn't get done. The reason for this, as I see it, is the ""work crews"" system. None of your colonists will do anything that another work crew has decided it wants to do. If you want them to cut trees, only one crew will do it while the others sit on their thumbs. Building a workshop? No, not if someone else is doing it. The only place where this system works is in the workshops themselves. The work crews will dutifully attempt to fulfill whatever task you set them within the workshop you have assigned them, BUT they won't usually do anything except work within that workshop and even when they are assigned the workshops they tend to do the tasks you set at a fairly casual pace. Another issue with the work crews is the overseer. Each work crew has one. The overseer is basically the leader of each work crew. Even the military squads have overseers (called COs). Why is this an issue? Well, losing one of your workers to a bandit attack is no big deal, except that it will slow the work crew down a little. Losing the overseer though means that the workcrew is immediatly disbanded, leaving all the workers in that workcrew jobless. Workers who are not in a work crew DO NOT WORK. They don't do a single goddamn thing when they are not in a work crew. This is mitigated in military squads by a recent change by the devs which makes military squads automatically assign a new CO when it dies. By the way, you can't create new work crews. You need to wait for overseers to immigrate and then they start new work crews. This game would be fine if it weren't for the work crew crap. If every worker had his or her own will and could do tasks independantly of one another, but they can't. In Dwarf Fortress, losing is fun. In clockwork empires, losing is often tedious and frustraiting. Why? If it weren't for the work crew mechanic, you might actually be able to prevent whatever it is that caused you to lose.The graphics are nice, and the music is appealing. Hell, the controls are way easier than DF or other DF clones. but the workcrew stuff makes Clockwork Empires far too tedious. All the flashy lights, pleasant sounds, and simple controls in the world will not make up for bad gameplay though, and at 30$ you are really better off buying something else. I'll throw this in the bin where I put other massively overpriced games."
,Not Recommended,224740,34904699,Posted: 12 September,all,valuial,"The game is broken, promised platforms - that were available earlier in the beta (Linux) - are no longer available.They call it released but in truth its still someplace between alpha or beta, but the devs have given up.It was a promising project with a nice idea. But currently it's just another broken and unfinished early release that never made it. Don't waste your money on it."
76561198059194958,Recommended,224740,29735609,Posted: 5 February,all,peter.huebner,"I've been playing this game in early access for around 480 hours. Love sandbox games.Now here's the thing: last October (2016) it was suddenly announced that the gamewas about to be officially launched.The sad news is - the game was nowhere near ready. The developers were tinkeringand tinkering, constantly inventing new mechanisms, abolishing existing gameplayand while hunting bugs, introducing new ones.Then, about a month after the release date, a total blackout. We know that 3 maindevelopers have left. We don't know if anyone is left working there, they havebeen completely absent from the website and forums. We (the people who havedone the bug finding and reporting) have the impression that the game is nowabandonware. Abandoned Ware, if you want.I personally like the version they left us with a lot less than version alpha 0.3 -there's a lot less sandbox, a lot more 'must dos' and 'can't dos'.  A lot lessoption to specifically select items and open an context menu, and generallythey have thus made life much harder to get off the ground, some of it throughpretty absurd conditionalities.A lot of early content like interaction with the fish people and adventures inthe science laboratory has just been taken out with out any reason orexplanation, leaving the game the poorer for it.Even so, I say: give this a shot -but for crying out loud, do not pay the full pricefor this game. It isn't worth it. Get it when it's on a $5 special on Steam. If youpay full price, you'll probably end up angry and disappointed to have boughtwhat really is a partly broken beta version of a wonderful concept that's goneoff the rails."
76561198060238017,Recommended,224740,14272414,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,Drunkcowboy,"This is a great game but is still in alpha so it will be buggy . The game has that sort of dark humor and can be very funny at times, also it takes place in a steampunk world . The game is getting better by every update and if you like the survival/ city building you will love this game."
76561198008085753,Not Recommended,224740,26289536,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,thersen,annoying crashes were causing a lot of unsattisfaction. I decide to give it back - for 25EUR I will expect stable game at least.
76561198047839317,Not Recommended,224740,19343710,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Shrek,"This game is quite enjoyable and I'm sure many have already in other reviews specified the same pro's that I would have included in this review. To say I don't recommend this game isn't implying that this game should never be bought and supported through it's development. As an everyday gamer who expects a finished product, you will end up disappointed.Clockwork Empires is realistically ambitious for what is to come. I will point out the cons of what should be worked on/improved/fixed to create an absolutely fun and intriguing game in the future.Con'sNot optimized well at all so despite an I7 processor and 12 GB of RAM, this game has a low framerate averaging around 30fps.Can't delete the building plans of placed Gabion fortifications. Also can't remove buildings as well once they have been placed and built.I have personally experienced issues with soldiers not always responding to bandit threats near my settlement, I assume this is because they attack and there is no notification deciding what to do with a raiding party of bandits.I've found that the difficulty of fighting opponents isn't too hard as their frequency is either not often enough or the mental stress is has on my settlers is minimal and easily removed with a single bottle of beer.Also this is a preference, having at least two story buildings would vastly help with customizing buildings and developing a more realistic atmosphere to the game.As a development to the previous point, colouring buildings or modifying the actual structure after a building has already been created would help.Once I have over 10 work crews it's painstaking to try and find a specific crew if I wish to view their skills to assign them to a different job. So possibly when the search bar appears to select a crew for a building, there can be a button that will directly view the crew.Despite the low fps and jittering of my fellow settlers, the most brutal experience is waiting for my game to finish saving.A glitch I've noticed is that once a high population has been reached, when people go to bed sometimes they will simply stay standing while sleeping right beside the bed.When the mouse is hovered over the day counter, it will always say ""Day 1"".Conifer tress will appear in the ocean and sand areas.But as a personal message to the developers, I hope this helps in any way. Thank you for the effort you've put into making a Lovecraftian game. I enjoy it very much and can't wait for all the additions you plan on giving the game."
76561198030785862,Not Recommended,224740,26567723,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,THE2k2000,"Has potential but trying to get enough of a population that can do all the basic jobs needed and defend the colony seems impossible. Have played it several times and get to where if I had a few more just workers, I could do it. Don't these colony people ever breed? Not woth the $30.00 that's for sure."
,Not Recommended,224740,31850614,Posted: 19 May,all,Shagie,"Short version: Looks neat. Might be neat if its ever complete. Don't buy until it is complete.Apparently, I've got the ability to pick the games with great promise that get released incomplete.  I love the other game this comapny has released and still play it on a not infrequent basis.  Surely this won't be another unfinished starbase game. Right?  Nope.The game looks neat and could be. The steam punk, strategy, simulation, city builder? Sign me up.  And I did in early access. As the game inched closer to the number 1.0 without the necessary polish, it became more and more apparent that this was going to be another dissapointment.While the game has unique points and ideas they were never fully realized.  Its buggy. It crashes. It makes you want to unistall and ask for a refund.  The company appears to have mostly dissapeared (last activity by various staff on their forums is November 2016) and the game is what I would consider abandoned. Not stable, no fixes, no activity.Do not buy."
76561198034171721,Recommended,224740,17867213,"Posted: 3 September, 2015",all,The Corgi Pupper,"<1/30/2017 UPDATE POSTED AT BOTTOM>It's Spacebase DF-9, if it were set on a planet with Steampunk humans and occasional lovecraft references (that being said, the developers have proven to be much more involved and caring than Doublefine.) Enjoyable to expand your colony and build things, but the game's pace can be extraordinarily slow. Everyone walks at almost all times, and there's no fast-forward. Everything in this game is an investment of time and patience, which is good-ish in that there's something about it that keeps you interested, but the AI just isn't there yet to ensure that workers actually WORK. They really need to work on optemization, AI, and a bucketload of random events and content. Also the addition of roads, lights, and fences would be nice.Anyway, it's early access, and fairly satisfactory for at least a few hours... And I just realized now while typing this that the price is $30. I'd reccomend this game if you're excited about it, just wait for a sale.6 to 7.5 out of 10 or so.UPDATE: 1/30/2017Well, the game's still very poorly optemized, but it's more functional than before. The work system has been simplified, and many issues with workers simply standing still until they die have been fixed. Work gets done now for the most part, and there's even an option to speed things up to 2x time! On top of that, there's an options menu! I personally wish they would add roads, or optemize the game.The game is very laggy even on a 64-bit SSD with 8 gigs of RAM. Developers, If you ever see this review, know that I like this game but I find the poor performance a sufficient deterrent to keep me from playing the game for an extended period of time.If you really want a number, I'd say 7.5/10, wait for a sale and play on a good gaming computer. If they fix the performance I'd bump it up to an 8/10 at least.PS: I find it hilarious that the game crashed in the pre-game configuration menu while I was AFK. What exactly caused the crash? I don't get it. (It was an out-of-the-blue crash, not a trend.)"
76561198095249733,Recommended,224740,11853451,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Voivod Pure,"Being in very, very early access I was suspicious. This game is incredibly fun, and  I find it exciting to see what the company has layed out for the game's future.I like Sim City and Ceaser 3, so this game is my style. While there is no instruction and some learning is necessary, I find it worthwhile.The art and humour are my two favorite elements so far. At $30.00 Canadian it is insanely expensive for a game that has a long time before being done, but hopefully my 30 bucks will speed that up. I am confident that this title will blow me away.I've played for a few hours already, and love the ""feel"" of the game. The music is really dynamic and fitting. The player will see a farmer start jigging in the field, yet another citizen will be arguing with a soldier about the monarchy. Many interesting elements are going on, and as the beurocrat in charge you only influence the outcome. You do not decide it. My only real concern is how nothing is focused as one scrolls the screen, which irritates my eyes.Mine the metal, make the pipes and weapons. Grow the pumpkin, make the stew. Your followers have different prefernces, histories and political affiliations, which determines what they do more than you."
76561198051362470,Recommended,224740,18851180,"Posted: 2 November, 2015",all,miinnii9,"As of now, Clockwork Empires is still alpha and as such is missing a lot of the features one would expect of a game in it's genre. However, each update sees a slew of improvments and features.The game plays out EXTREMELY slow. As a matter of fact it's more of an idle game at this point than anything else. While buildings take forever to build and characters move sluggishly without the much needed addition of more time controls, you are given random events that you must respond to depending on a few factors of your colony such as your prestige. If those don't keep your attention, checking in on your colonists may.Each little person has a full panel where you can check every thing about them including their desires and memories. The latest update gave them ""mood bars"" which includes a gauge of how sane your characters are at any particular time. Keep a close eye on them, and you may even see your little people start a cult bent on what? ... Well nobody real knows.Clockwork Empires is all good fun, really. That is until you watch your entire colony gorge on each other's remains. And then it's just a really morbid good time.10/10 would sacrifice to Cthulhu again"
76561198018854408,Not Recommended,224740,29014426,Posted: 4 January,all,elalberk,"the game mechanics are awesome, very interesting indeed, but, it keeps shuting down at any time without previous warning which makes it extremely anoying to play in the end. What a pitty, the idea and general frame of the game is worth much better performance."
76561197982891913,Recommended,224740,16727023,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Tony Montana,"Like Banished, Tropico, Anno... ?Then this could be for you :-)Right now the low performance is a bigger problem then appearing crashes.I hope the developer will soon spend an entire month improving performance and stability.When that is done, then please also implement 2x &4x game speed. Thanks.For the asking price I would say the game is right now 20% content complete.Positive outlook for this title"
76561198002965588,Not Recommended,224740,29929726,Posted: 14 February,all,Horus,"Game is dead, and clearly not in a 1.0 version"
76561197970329457,Recommended,224740,26237926,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Al Paradise,"EDIT: Had some time to try the game a bit more and I feel people should know that it's glitchy as hell.♥♥♥♥♥♥ pathfinding, unoptimized UI, and poor task assignment clunkiness seem sort of fair with an early access indie type game. But the game crashing and fundamental stockpile problems seem pretty numerous. Alongside with late-game stuttering once you build a large enough population.I had fun roughly 70% of the time.Original Review:It's clunky and relatively bare-bones but it's a fun settlement builder.Good if you want to build a town with production chains, with a lovecraftian/victorian/steampunk twist.Similar to Banished or Planetbase, though on a more ""zoomed in"" scale complete with colonist moods and behaviors. The humor is pretty grand, too.You harvest crap and use it to craft more crap. Your colony grows and you need to fend off hunger, despair, and occasional fishmen incursions.If you've played Spacebase DF-9 before Tim Schafer ran off with the cash, this is basically the steampunk analogue to that."
76561198033323688,Recommended,224740,16878395,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Audie Murphy,"First of all, I want to say thank you to the developers; and to avoid boring everyone with my praise, I will leave it at this: Clockwork Empires brings me great joy and I constantly look to the gamelapse to see if new content and articles are written.Now to the suggestions:I am not a tech guy, in fact I am taking the BAR soon, so my line of expertise is so far from game development that I wouldn’t dare scrutinize things I cannot understand. Instead, I want to limit my input to conceptual matters based on my love for H.P. and the macabre in general.1.	RNG: One of the best parts of this game is the RNG, or as I understand it, inability to break the game (not terribly) by exploiting. My main suggestion on this matter is to expand SUBSTANTIALLY is this department.a.	Add more variables to the variables. You are all on the right track, by implementing things like “should we kill the crybaby who doesn’t want to keep the suspicious goods” or “only teach the fishpeople not to damage crops.” However, it seems as though there needs to be more choices and more random occurrences/events within the colony (we can call them pop-ups for now). Even something so, seemingly mundane as “Jon Smith has been harassing Jake Doe by waking Jake up to try and get him to leave the cot. Usually Jon proceeds to harass until Jake gives up the cot in favor of trying to fall asleep on the floor unmolested rather than in a cot being constantly berated.” (Sorry that was a longer description than needed, but I hope you see my point.)b.	We also need more difficulty in the game…I am not entirely sure how or even where to increase the difficulty—but I definitely am NOT suggesting that it become more difficult to gather resources or take longer to turn nodes into bricks. Instead, I mean there should be more difficulty in what events occur. As some others have mentioned, I can currently get way too far in the game without anything bad really happening. Even the Obelisks only killed two of my people before leaving, never to be seen again. It’s not that I feel having a totally random event kill your entire village in a frequent manner is a good idea, but I try to think in terms of the entire premise of H.P. Lovecraft’s mythos and world. This is a world of doom and the never ending struggle against the ancient ones (and more as you all know). It just doesn’t seem like the game is difficult at the moment. As a last point of clarification on this issue, I DO want more difficulty, in part, as a result of RNG; but in a form akin to Call of Cthulhu tabletop games. I suggest that the developers act more like GameMasters of CoC and don’t allow players to go 30 or more days without consequence and little decision making (that likely leads to consequences).P.S.: Yes, this is a copy and paste of my discussion. I did this in hopes of Developers and other players will read it and chime in."
76561198020959898,Recommended,224740,26598882,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Boop,"I have played this game since it first came out on open alpha release. A lot of people have been writing that this game is unplayable, crashes constantly and has billions of bugs still and that simply isn't true. When I first bought the game years ago, it was impossible to play, but now I can happily spend hours and hours building up my little colony without any issues. There are still a few things to work on, and if you want to help with that I advise you go to the gaslamp forums as they seem to be used a lot more actively than the ones on steam. If you're on the cusp of buying this game and you have the money to spare, I would really recommend it, but don't expect a vast city builder. This game is about micro management and SLOWLY building yourself up, planning so as to keep disturbance down until you have a strong military. It's a clever and unique game, and I love it. Props to the developers!"
76561197982530266,Not Recommended,224740,23144512,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Jimmy James,"It's out of alpha but still needs a ton of work. I wouldn't recommend this until there is serious work on the UI and the ability to speed up time. There are no graphics options other than resolution in the launcher, and bugs that really make playing difficult, like the deleting parts of a building button being broken. I was tempted with the sale but it's really not even close."
76561198001740846,Recommended,224740,17764864,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Texan214,"Fun city builder/steampunk/survival game at times, but highly buggy and most things in the game at the time of this writing, alpha 42A, do not work as intended.Given enough time, patience and proper bug fixing this will be a great game. I have yet to play one game that has ran smooth for more than a couple hours. Crashes are frequent, building modules bug out, colonists do random things, items are lost... etc. It's an alpha. Not worth the price tag, catch it on a sale, or if you're a fan of early releases.Great dev team that listens and patches frequently.Current state 5/10Potential 10/10Hope this was helpful.Cheers."
76561197995131845,Not Recommended,224740,31749043,Posted: 14 May,all,Maxson,"Unfinished, buggy, slow and horrible game design.  Fair warning."
,Recommended,224740,18517246,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,Rambo,"Updated 9/19/2016So i sank my teeth into the newest build and let me tell ya im in love with it! they added a 2x button which lets you get past some of the not so eventful parts. The implementation of weapon lockers is brilliant because it frees up more stockpile space instead of having 24 pistols laying aroound(That no one wants or needs) , it also adds a uniformed feel for the military squads. The cult events keep things engaging as a thriving colony can be turned upside down by the pestellence known as occultic heresey and must be purged immediatlely to avoid more damage . (chapels are a must) Still kinda miss the days when your colonists would become cannabals. Everyone likes cannabals. If your on the edge about getting it i personally would recommend it. ive put more than enough time in game and have stuck around though most of the builds ( some were unplayable for me but were fixed) this is by the most stable build ive tried and im far from dissapointed. Keep up the good work Gaslamp Games!"
76561198006226984,Not Recommended,224740,31575569,Posted: 6 May,all,Snownova,"I really enjoyed the gameplay, this game had so much potential. But then I had 3 crashes to desktop within an hour of playing and I noticed there hadn't been any updates for months, so I refunded it and never looked back."
76561197970716397,Recommended,224740,16750732,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Cent3rMan Sky3,I will recommend Clockwork Empires only to the people that know what beta testing is like. I like this game but it can clearly be seen that this is an incomplete and unfinished game. I noticed immediately that there are only 2 video resolutions to choose from and no ability to configure the preset keyboard and mouse controls. Game play and saving are slow. Graphically it's got a nice art style and I look forward to seeing the interface and visuals improve.  Like others have said this has tons of potential but buy in its current state only if you're prepared to be a paying game tester.
76561198121891415,Recommended,224740,12632305,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,dylandrummer,"Great game for an early access! tons of upcoming features, and if you like the sims, space colony, or simcity this is the game for you."
,Not Recommended,224740,26569287,"Posted: 12 November, 2016",all,Silom,"This game should at this point not be playable by the general public.Even if it is EA, we are not talking about missing features. The game is clunky and broken.Maybe in a year, I will update my review then."
,Recommended,224740,26236018,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Jacq,"THIS REVIEW IS REALLY LONG. TLDR: I recommend it.The thematic:In my last game, a colonist framed a fishperson for the murder of an occult inspector from the mainland.I was nurturing some of my colonists with a bit of an eldritch bent. A handful of beetles now and again seemed a small price to pay for religious freedom! One of those stodgy old occult investigators was sent from the Parentland to root out any nefarious activity. Ugh. Between you and me, and I’ll deny it if anyone else asks, but I told Zora Bronzehewer it might be best if the investigator had a little… accident. Those mainlanders can be so clumsy pulsing dark daggers. So Zora goes out to deal with this investigator, and stabs him a good one, and he fleesright into a fishpeson. Now, I’ve got to give him due credit – even injured by dark energies and knowing he had no chance, that investigator did his duty by queen and country and flame-roasted that fishperson on the spot. His finally report (written on the fly, while likely bleeding out), forgot to mention Zora’s dagger. Officially, the investigator had died in line of duty, bravely protecting us from the dreaded sea horror. Unofficially, well, if anyone else saw Zora walking away from the two bodies, they were smart enough not to bring it up.The Good:*	Gameplay is rich, and satisfying. You feel accomplished when you look at some sprawling colony you created.*	Details detail details details: EVERY colonist has a set of hopes and dreams and goals and memories. They affect the way that person moves in the world, including the people they interact with and how productive they work. For someone else, they may get a kick out of making sure they don’t make a drunkard run the public house. For me, I’ll put her there just to see what happens. The best part about the details is that they influence the game but they aren’t game-breaking. Micromanagement at the individua level isn’t necessary, but it’s there if you’re into it.*	Graphics. I dare you not to look at the animation of the little fox barking at a colonist and not zoom in to appreciate how cute it is. Or not to laugh the first time you see someone “dance with frantic joy” or walk somewhere while Maddened. The graphics only get better when [REDACTED]. (But, ok, the water looks really bad).*	Lots of events and stuff to do. I can’t imagine someone getting bored of the options in game unless they’re already bored with other aspects.*	You can make your colony as ridiculous or as structured as you want. I’ve spelled out my name in buildings. I’ve also created uniform row housing that would make brutalists proud.*	Colourblind mode. Thank you.*	META: The devs of this game are very decent human beings. They’re aware of the “issues” in the genre and time period they’re working within, and they have constructed an experience that lambasts the silliest part of the Victorian era without celebrating the worst bits OR leaving them in there without comment for “accuracy” purposes. If it matters to you, Gaslamp are good people.*	META: Devs are accessible and there are a lot of tools in game for bug-chasing, due to its time in early access. Speaking from Early access, I’ve had bugs I reported fixed within a few hours and pushed to a build.The Bad:*	The pacing can be slow. It’s a sim game, and your people all have stuff to do. Sometimes you’re stuck watching your people do their thing and waiting for more colonists to arrive / jobs to complete / etc. There’s a lot of satisfaction in seeing everyone scurry around at your whim, but it can get old if you just want them to finish building cots or whatever.*	The hows and whys of flattening terrain are strange. I still haven’t figured them out.*	Overwhelming. There can be a lot to take in at once, and you need a few games to comfortable with all the options. This is especially early in the game when you don’t necessarily have the necessary workshops and people set up to do anything about it (like foreign offices or vicars). It’s kinda fun in its own way, but there can be a lot on screen at once with you not really being able to deal with any of it.Final Verdict:It’s really fun and all of these detailed randomized people have the potential to create both a very rich colony simulator, and very strange stories (like Zora and the Investigator).There’s lots of reviews that talk about the game not being “Finished”. It’s not, in the sense that there’s still a lot of room for growth and potential. But right now, the game is already well equipped to tell stories, and occupy you for hours. The stability is pretty good and it’s going to get better. (Heck, it’s already more stable than most AAA games are on launch, fallout 4, xcom 2, etc). If I had written this review 6 months ago, I wouldn’t have recommended it. I think it deserves to be out of Early Access now, as the game itself is complete. I know the devs will continue to add content (Look at their previous game – Dungeons of Dredmor, which had 3 expansion and free content updates throughout).This is a fun game! You should buy it!"
76561198087167917,Recommended,224740,15664126,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,EmperorsWill85,Still alot of bugs to work out but you find yourself loosing yourself in the game as it is as much fun as it is ridiculus.
76561198004393454,Not Recommended,224740,34204017,Posted: 12 August,all,Murderlord Cinnamon Roll,"Don't buy it, just go buy Rimworld and download the cult mods."
76561198125948554,Recommended,224740,22226285,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,leroy.keats,"Great fun - but still rough around the edges. It's a bit like the old Settlers games but has big wodges of Dwarf Fortress thrown in for good measure. It's quite tough, quite slowly paced, but if you like city-building games, you'll be golden.Once it all goes to hell (and it tends to) you just have to sit back and watch your beloved colonists eat each other. Er ... Hurrah!"
76561198007121932,Recommended,224740,22342351,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Benjammin,"This is a fun and quirky colony management game. It has bugs, but by in large is very playable and because of the cool look and funny writing I more than willing to forgive that. A slightly slow development time, but they are a small company and you know what, THIS IS EARLY ACCESS. I have throughly enjoyed watching my village get overrun, by fishpeople angry because I ate their babies or by the cult of cthulu that I allowed to develope."
76561198058033265,Recommended,224740,18438338,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,dgibbs5691,"Personally, I find this game to be rather enjoyable.  The concept is fun and dynamic enough to create some interesting stories for each playthrough.I would like to see some changes:- Pathing needs to be fixed.  It becomes a hassle at times for characters to get to appropriate work stations, and sometimes get confused.- Improving AI job selection and ranking work sites.  Currenlty there's no way to guarantee what your workers will do unless you painstakingly micro manage what work sites are available for them.  For example, it'd be nice if I could rank the importance of building a house over a carpentry shop or kitchen, or if I want stone mined over clay if both sites are selected.- Create another 'job' title for workers.  Set workers to specifically clean up messes or clear terrain.- Creating more infrastructure.  It would be nice to decorate my village a little.  Place roads, build lamp posts, etc.  This could even fall under the job to the workers who clear terrain.I can think of far more, but I'd really like to see this game put more emphasis into growing a user's town.  I feel that 'job rankings' and additional 'jobs' can help to alleviate long bits of code for specific tasks and really simplify what the colonists can do."
76561198022693904,Recommended,224740,17989758,"Posted: 11 September, 2015",all,il.male.illustrato,"short version...buy it.by the cog, you have to buy it.long version.1) addictive.2) Fun3)is an ALPHA, i read  some of the bad reviews, and to me are a nonsense, in 0.5 hours is not enough, not even to do nothing in this game 10 hours is the minimum to have an idea.I've 186 hrs of playing and a lot of things to discover... so...4) is an ALPHA so there's bugs (some), there's crash (yep but the autosave is working).5) develpers are working hard, the concept is good, the game is fun, too much fun...i mentioned is an ALPHA? But this alpha put in shame a lot of released games.i suggest to all to stay in expermental branch,  the changes are a lot from the stable.version in my language.Da comprare, e' peggio della nutella, non lo molli piu!E' in alpha  quindi da aspettarsi bug di ogni tipo (nemmeno molti a dire il vero), crash (quelli si ma c'e' l'autosave), detto fra noi e' meglio sta alpha che molti giochi rilasciati....Gli sviluppatori ci stanno dietro per bene, e ogni release porta una qualche novita' interessante.Ad ora e' veramente divertente.Superate le 20 persone diventa complesso gestire decentemente tutto, e iniziano i guai, come se non bastasse la fame, le strane creature, i banditi.... i mostri...a 100 persone e' delirio.una pecca e' la musica di fondo un po' tanto noiosa, e i suoni  ma conto vengano migliorati man mano."
76561198043353315,Recommended,224740,23409466,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Delgotta,"While I do need to say, it IS early access, and not without it's bugs, the devs are pushing patches and fixes like Cthulhu dishes out cultists. ANY time there has been an issue, a dev is asking for a save file, or info for a fix, and it's usually done in a day or two. I have never seen a company on point like this. As for the content and game itself, let's talk about me instead for a bit.I have the attention span of a ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ gnat on espresso. I am also a game ♥♥♥♥♥. I will literaly download any game, especially if its cheap. I bought this full price (3 days before the sale, but I have no regrets. it's worth the price.) and it has kept my attention quite nicely. The hidden gems of content, the dark humor, the canabalism. It's like playing ""The Sims"" with Hanibal Lector and friends.I know there will be several people calling me a fan boy among other lovely juvenile names, but It won't  bother me, because I will be too busy playing this hidden gem to see those comments."
,Recommended,224740,25454251,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Power Perpetuation Simulator,"This is a colony-builder of impressive depth and flavor.  I should note that this game is in beta, and as such crashes are still an issue.  Autosaves every ten or so minutes allieviate this somewhat, and I believe the game is engaging enough to play despite the crashes.It's also worth noting that Gaslamp Games has an impressively active forum over at their site:www.gaslampgames.com.  The forum recently completed its second Community Colony, which ended in complete, unqualified success and in no way ended in flames borne of heterodox spirituality.Edit - formatting"
,Recommended,224740,25773717,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,STGGrant,"I greatly enjoyedDungeons of Dredmorand so I picked up this game as soon as it came out of Early Access. It had promise in early Alpha, but wasn't satisfying over the long term—not unexpected, since it's an Early Access game.I just triedClockwork Empiresagain (Beta 54C), and the improvement is MASSIVE. The game is rich and satisfying, with an interesting late game, many different routes to success once your colony stabilizes, and increasingly-difficult combinations of biomes (maps, basically) that open up for replayability and challenge. The overall artistic style of the game comes through very strongly and positively, The delightful Gaslamp Games sense of humor is evident throughout, and manages to stay fresh through several replays, which is a particularly difficult task for any 'funny' game. And most importantly, the simulation feels good, and responds well to good player decisions (a big change from early Alpha.)Definitely recommended."
,Recommended,224740,26444892,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Zyxenfryx,"Biased review incoming.Huge fan of Gaslamp games since the early days of Dungeons of Dredmor.Been playing this game on and off for several years and watching its development.Seeing lots of complaints on how ""lazy"" the AI is.  The AI isn't that lazy, but there are systems in place that if you don't notice them, they will appear lazy.  For example the overseers and workers all take breaks during the day.  The happier they are, the shorter breaks they take.  How do you make them happy?  This partially depends on the individual, they all have quirks.  However, there are things that will make all of them happy in general.  Things such as safety (well-armed militia), workplace quality, housing quality, food quality, and public services such as a pub and/or church.Also assigning more tasks than there are roaming (not assigned to a building) overseers, then it will feel like nothing is getting done.As I said earlier, I've been playing this game a long time.  I don't remember having to learn the fairly complex UI because at one point it wasn't that complex.  But that made it too difficult to get things done.  I know it has a steep learning curve, but every failure helps you understand how to do it better next time.  Entire population wiped out by bandits?  Should have worked on militia earlier, built more homes, or taken them out first.  Run out of food?  Make production more efficient by putting the kitchen right next to the farm, or build a naturalist's building and have them hunt for game.There are many routes to go in this game, most are up to personal preference.Also, the game has a pause button (spacebar) during which you can manage multiple things while the game-time is frozen.  Abuse this power.Bottom line:  If you have the time and patience, this game is great for long-term entertainment.  Enjoy the tongue-in-cheek nature and don't take it too seriously."
,Recommended,224740,11823926,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Skipper Tibbles -Aus Der Traum,"Fish people came out of the darkness and stole all my cabbages causing my people to starve to death.10/10In all realness though, it's a good game with great potential"
76561198081962589,Not Recommended,224740,31100180,Posted: 12 April,all,Deathguy7,Would of been an amazing game if they didnt just abandoned the game and there are so many crashes in the game that sometimes its unplayable and that there is so many glitches as well...
,Recommended,224740,26255173,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,AsidMjolnir,"Rather great, entertaining game. Biggest problems are needing a little polish in places, which don't make it unplayable, just sometimes are mild annoyances.Edit: Since my review, it seems the company has gone out of business. While the game is officially ""released"", it's stil lacking reatures that were promised. Which is sad, but the community patch that's in the works seems to be trying to finish the game. So unless you don't mind waiting for the community patch, I really can no longer recommend this game."
,Recommended,224740,15676057,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Deygus,First Off I really want to say I love this game and highly recommend it. It is very fun and keeps you interested with random crazyness for hours on end to keep a good challenge going.The only complaints I have so far are there is an idling and assignment to jobs issue along with disappearing farms and other things on occasion after loading your game but other then that it's wonderful!
,Recommended,224740,14612509,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Jack Marukay,"Inspired by reading a certain article about Early Access Games, I thought about Clockwork Empire and my oppinion of it.In general, as the thumb up indicates, I recommend and support this game. It is though very early in developement. The general concept is similar to other tactical, economical simulations game. Their gratest imrpove though is the idea of not having individuals appointed to all kinds of jobs by the engine, but to have a whole group do the tasks as one. This brings in the dynamic and speed often missing within the games, also it organizes the order of jobs and economoics.The idea and setting of the game is also one I highly appreciate, for it promises to become a very well done steam-punk game, whereof there is way too little on the market in my oppinion. At least in this sort of genre, mind you. Already there are a lot of interesting mechanics in the order of production and economoy to be seen in the early access, and I look forward to see what else they might include.Then there is the studio and their individual personallity, mirrored in the story and character of the game. Their humor is awesome and I loved it all the time when playing Dungeons of Dreadmore. It is because of this former game that I went into early access with a lot of trust and faith in this studio! They might have chosen a more tricky set up of a game here, but their idea - or the one I see from the game - is that of a semi mysterius-industrial culture simulation game, with a lot of humor. Thanks to that I see an interesting game evolve here, that will have lots of things to offer for people who enjoyed to play Dwarf Fortress, Gnomoria, Facturio and the like. At least, in my point of view.Like other Early-Access Projects they do well on including content step by step and simultanously balancing and fixing or repairing priviosly included stuff and mechanics. Also the game-concept itself can be viewed as object-oriented. That is important on a perspective of game developeing: Since it is OO, they >can< take concepts and content of the game and put it into a later phase of the developing. Where other games might fail because the developers have too much to synch at the same time and write together, here there is the option to evolve step by step, which is crucially important.Again, this is just my oppinion, based on what I see as a player, without having actually peaked into the code yet. For anyone interested, all you as a buyer need to have is pacience. So far I had a good nose with my picks, and this is one that will grow slowly but steadyly. Though personally I already highly enjoy playing the game (despite minor crashes and bugs I can ignore), for those who have higher standards the game should have grown enough latest by the end of the year. So far they keep going with their monthly updates, which is a huge plus, so they might be even quicker.To the devs: Keep the work up! You're on a good way and it's definately worth all the trouble! Best luck and finances!"
,Recommended,224740,14100811,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,tarod49,"It's still buggy since it's beta, but it's very fun already and getting better quickly."
,Recommended,224740,28851174,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,MiliaT,"I waited a while to get this game. I was worried after reading the reviews that I would be frustrated and disappointed.Steam Sale to the rescue.This Game IS SO MUCH FUN!Yes it has its problems. Like the game glitching out during a random event here and there, and sometimes your colonists can be so sloooow. BUT even with its problems, I can't help but have fallen in love with this game. Your colonists are quirky, the technology is deep but not too deep to get frustrating, and it's fun to see how each colony will be different. Will you build a barracks on startup or will you wait? A church or not and let the dark forces run amuck.I love the random events (reminds me slightly of RimWorld which I also love, but feels much smaller in scale), though at first I thought they were game destroying moments and got a little frustrated. Then I realized I could come back from them, and it made it all the more fun to figure out how best to deal with the events and what techs and buildings you needed to make survivability easier!I do hope the game gets updated for bug fixes and maybe a few streamlined features (Or at least a tutorial that gives you more information on how to build certain things/research. Maybe an advanced tutorial.) As it sits, this is a fun little game and definitely worth the discounted price. And if I had know how much I would have loved it I probably would have paid the price in full."
76561198053026082,Recommended,224740,17058077,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,BROWN GORILLA,"frequent updates, cool stuff(fishman, cult, bandits, other nations)finally multiplayer which will be added in the futurethe game is really stable now but has no multiplayer yet..this game is really promising if you are looking for the special city building game"
76561198000082025,Recommended,224740,24432991,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,Hillius,"The devs are engaged and involved, the game looks great, progress is steady....If you like management/building games then I'd recommend.  Thus far I'm waiting for the final release to really really dig into this title, but even the suggestions I've seen/made on the forums have been incorporated.  The level of developer coordination and effort really shines in this early access title. This is how it should be in early access!"
76561197997559839,Not Recommended,224740,29068820,Posted: 6 January,all,profitX10,"Wasted potential does not even begin to describe this game.This thing is really buggy and has been just wrecked.  I really am not asking much, I even gave Maia (the game) a pass on it's bugs because most things actually work and are fun.    I really do not understand what happened during the development of this game but they took a fantastic concept and just created something that is poorly implimented.There are many games though that do the same basic concept so much better...  I really wish I could recommened this but as it is this is one of the most dissapointing games ever.  Could have been great but instead marred by a lazy implimentation with a terrible user interface and crashes to desktop."
,Recommended,224740,25077696,"Posted: 22 August, 2016",all,Night-Sky,"love it..  in overal its a great game.. it got more depth and story then any other games of this kind i know :)i dunno where the bugs are.. besides the ones crawling on the ground destroying crops !!what i did found that it is hard.. i always get over run by some aliens or fish ppl aafter 1,5 hr playing.so im hoping for a sandbox option :D"
,Recommended,224740,13302718,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Dozer Sempai!,"Does it have Issues, yes, it's an Early Access game!We paid to have a constant access playable copy and to be able to have our opinions heard, we are helping them set this puppy up!Gameplay is, dispite the Tutorial reel, a ""good Luck!"" thing.  With the game randomly choosing to do things like give all sldiers no bullets, and never spawning any Sulfer nodes, you have to rely upon the grace of the home land for your ammo.And I'm ok with it, if it would give you something for everything it took...It's brutal, your going to lose a good bit until you find what works, and then you'll delay the inevitable rise of a new thorne.  The Colonist AI is dumb, not in that ""ha ha, your an idiot"" way either.  I've lost Colonies to starvation when I had scads of food, I've started the game under attack by ten raider groups and fifteen fishmen!  WHen you loose a Overseer the people are just useless gobs that wander until they get cut down by a bandit, a fishman, or a cultist...And mind you, I like this game, however I'm not going to sugar coat it, this is not a casual game, if you click wrong or misplan once, there is no take backs.  Miss an option and it is gone forever.  I won't say that is part of the apeal of it, because it's not.  I like the quirkieness of the setting, the trail and error aspect, and the emphisis on groups over individuals.I do not like the raider rushes, the missing gear every game, thje predictable cult formation five minutes after game start, and the cultists always taregt overseers first.  With no undo option you will make mistakes you must just accept, which is kind of anoying, why bother with Pause based build it yourself styled building if once you click a location there is no way to undo the mistakes (just as if you diod it without pausing.)But again, you have to accept that your going to get this kind of thing in an Early Access game.  They offered us Research and other cool toys down the road, and I cannot wait for it.  I paid because I want to help them make this game better, so I and others can enjoy it.  I paid because I belive in that kooky colonial  dream, and I want to ride this crazy train where-ever it may go!So rather than pout because it's not perfect, put on your big kid underoos, and grab your gear, it's Colonial  time!Tell the devs the issues and thell try to solve it, or explain why it's an inteded effect rather than a seemingly random thing."
76561198142561009,Not Recommended,224740,34315595,Posted: 17 August,all,cinth73,"good game,but.............crashes way to much,.............and no update in 9 mnths? This early release games are BS."
,Recommended,224740,21768084,"Posted: 11 March, 2016",all,cattyh28,"I play a lot of early access, and this is very, very good.  Reasonably stable, with a good autosave and already great complexity after only a few hours play.  If you liked Tropico, you will love this, as it is back to the good bits without too many of the later bad bits Tropico added.  Do not be put off by the more Lovecraftian elements, as they are charmingly implemented.  I thought it was a bit expensive for ea at first, but I would say it is well worth the money, and I am by no means a dedicated gamer.  Buy it, and be a part of the development of this beautifully rendered and, after the first hurdles are overcome, nicely complex game."
,Not Recommended,224740,26376410,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Gümmli Gimmlis Brother,"if it wouldn't be for the massivly accuring random crashes, itsw a good game.and some endgamecontent couldn't hurt."
,Recommended,224740,25474532,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,The Nimble Navigator,Great game really enjoying the beta so far that being said it is still in early beta with many features not yet added or fully working
,Recommended,224740,15097686,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,HazySarkany,"With this late-March 2015 release (37A) I'm feeling like the game is really starting to come together.The tutorials look good, the video performance is better (although the action in the game can be glacial sometimes, and there's no overall speed control.)  I'd also like to be able to zoom out (the minimap isn't implemented yet either.)It is shaping up to be a really great builder, the Early Access is working out, and it is a great presentation overall (love the EA updates with the themes.)[update:  fixed a typo]"
,Recommended,224740,26450617,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,[LUE] Sckitzo,"I've been popping into this game every update for the last year or so, this is how Early Access is supposed to be done. Communicated and dedicated updates. Sure crap got broken, but it was still in development its to be expected.I'm not really a steampunk sorta guy, I enjoy the setting well enough but I just wanted a village builder similar to say Banished and I got it. The humor is tongue and cheek and perfect and the game has a surprisingy amount of depth to it where I keep discovering crap I had missed during previous play throughs.@ 140hrs in I'm pretty confident in saying I enjoy the game and can recommend it to those that want a smaller scale Banished with a sense of humor. Is it perfect? Hell now, the people can be idiots, the combat can be a bit goofy but honestly it just adds to the charm a bit."
76561198007881716,Not Recommended,224740,29989218,Posted: 17 February,all,tubros,Released in an Alpha-like state. Very clunky game.Game is hard because it do not really tell you what is going on combined with poor control.The release version is very laggy and crashed five times during the 30 min I tried to play.
76561197993661752,Recommended,224740,24920150,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,Cibron,Same style as evil genius / dungeon keeper. Still lacks the final polish but this is definitely a good game.
76561198007029367,Recommended,224740,29234004,Posted: 13 January,all,PFC Calico,"Ok well, here is my 2 cents. I bought clockwork empires before release but not as early as some other people. I am going to recommend this game overall but with one major caveat. Onwards to my review!The concept is brilliant, a colony sim in a Lovecraftian steampunk nightmare.The concept is delivered well with plenty of building options, other denizens of the area to either destroy in xenophobic genocide or merely tolerate, a resource system that is a breath of fresh air in comparison to the traditional groups of nodes or tunnelling into the earth directly.The crop system appears to be missing alot however if you spend a little time with the diplomacy you will find that allied trading partners may bring the option to grow other plants from other biomes along with your own research in the laboratory.The science aspect is developed yet simple however leaves too much rng for my tastes with the initial research options, i feel a more traditional tree similar to the Civ games would be more suitable however, but still using the 3 focuses to make it a decision whether to subjegate using advanced military might or develop your money making power with cash crops and dominate in the diplomacy arena.Combat is simple affair with equipping your squads with different gear as you unlock and craft it and then either letting them patrol the general area or directing them to specific points, possibly having the choice of equipping individual squad members with different weapons .I know I am making suggestions but bear with me,The biggest problem with this game is the restrictive manpower assignment process.You have overseers or foremen and labourers. You assign an overseer to a position within a production building and then assign labourers. Any work that is being carried out will be completed but lets say your carpenters are finished work and are just loafing around but your farmers require more help getting the crop in this season or the colony requires a tidy up then the carpenters will not do anything other than what is in the order queue for the workshop.To solve this I would say that maybe having clearing and land flattening common to all trades but so low on the priority list that it is used as filler when they have nothing better to do.Some people have a problem with the fact that the game has released with either not enough content, or not enough of this that or the other. I feel that the negative reviews are doing the opposite of what the possible intent may be. I am reccommending this game on the fact that with continued support then only then can it grow.I enjoy playing this game and do not wish to see it die like so many other indie productions, however the community has been burned by too many time wasters and is now over critical of any independant producers by expecting games that require nothing more added to it at release, look at bethesda and fallout 4 when that released, EA with simcity, AAA producers make mistakes yet they have the monetry backing to weather a community backlash.Indie producers do not, and require a different form of criticsm, one where as a community we still recommend the hard work but still temper it with helpful criticsm.I appologise for the review turn rant but one of the biggest reasons indie games fail is because the community kills them.Why continue putting blood, sweat and tears into something to be put to the steak and burned."
76561198088677724,Recommended,224740,12795230,"Posted: 4 November, 2014",all,Mitchell of Oxford,"Oh its a fun game..just crashed and I would love it if you had more control on your units, would be really fun imo!"
76561198026236139,Recommended,224740,14540611,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,Regen752,"17 October 2015 Review:The game seems to have had some changes, but not sure if for the better or worse yet. I still find the AI to be unpleasant. I left the game running by itself for an hour telling them all to cut down trees, mine rocks, build buildings. I came back and hardly anything was built, nothing had been processed really, and some trees were cut down and some rocks mined. I also witnessed one of them picking up a block of clay and putting it down, picking it up, putting it down in the same spot for 5 minutes straight...All in all, I'm not highly experienced with the game but its current state pushes me away from playing it. It's mostly attributed to the AI, but the rest of the game seems to be coming along fairly well.19th Feburary 2015 Review:Shows alot of promise to be a really fun game. At the moment, I recommend only buying the game if you want to check out the style of it and the gameplay. I do not recommend buying it for playing it, wait for more updates or better yet, out of EA. At the moment it is still far too buggy (eg animals trapped in buildings, colonists geting stuck on trees) and sometimes unresponsive (eg exploring, wont hunt animals)."
76561197994082251,Recommended,224740,24603543,"Posted: 29 July, 2016",all,Mahtamori,"2 Years down the line, hundreds of hours played, and I love this game. The humour is a combination of dark and witty and the game play scratches my colonial itches as if I was born with a stiff upper lip and handlebar mustache and top hat. The recent addition of the double speed is a god send and the lights makes the village quite quaint."
76561197975829053,Not Recommended,224740,28100516,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,frontliner2,"For the price I'm going to say NO. Rather have my money back, but alas that was my own choice."
,Not Recommended,224740,25912802,"Posted: 7 October, 2016",all,Darkath,"Steampunk city builder without ... steampunk ... and cities.First let me say I love gaslamp though and their support during EA has been stellar. With one major patch every month and a blog post detailing the grim reality of game development every week.However after so much time in early access, the game sadly fails to live up to the original promises and expectations.Main issue is that they have been bogged down by core engine issue for so long in alpha it delayed a lot of the actual features and gameplay implementation.Also game design of the game has seemingly never really be set in stone, resulting in lot of back and forth on core gameplay elements, the result being it’s not quite clear what kind of game they want to be.It has elements from survival management games like Rimworld, some production chains principles from Factorio, it borrows from Anno with the needs of the populations. But it’s neither of these game and fails to implement the borrowed concepts in a cohesive and compelling gameplay.Where the game falls short the most is that despite being adverstised as a steampunk game, the steampunk elements are still nowhere to be found except minuscule details and references."
,Not Recommended,224740,29570203,Posted: 29 January,all,Follower of Christ,"This review is a tricky one to like, the gameplay i enjoy but it lacks polish, performance droops the longer the game runs, the fact the devs have abandonned a game so close to he finish line is what pushed me to put it down as negativeI wish steam allowed neutral reviews as i didnt want to give this a negative or positive reviewI put 8 hours in and had a great 8 hours, was it worth the price i paid back on EA? no compared to other titles, but 8 hours for £24 when compared to other actitivies is a bargin.buy or dont buy with caution, research and make your own desicison on all the facts"
76561198083235415,Recommended,224740,24001848,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,thedonser93,"Great game, full of humor and wit. Updates are sometimes a little slow, but deliver. Looking forward to the finished product. But would reccomend in its current state."
,Not Recommended,224740,29174012,Posted: 10 January,all,Vulpes Fawkes,"I played this back when it was still in Early Access, eager to have a new city builder to try out that perhaps didn't take itself too seriously - I love a little humor in games.That said, when I played it, it barely functioned - bugs were everywhere, AI was broken, and your colony would very quickly be attacked when you had just started out - leaving you with barely anyone to actually build a colony with. The game needed some polishing, so I decided to wait and watch to see if the issues I'd had were addressed.That was easily a year ago. Unfortunately, it seems the game has not had it's many issues resolved, and instead seems to have even more problems than it did in Early Access.I wish I hadn't purchased it now - it had so much promise but it seems that the developer has failed to deliver, and instead rushed to release. Lately, with 2 months of silence there are grumbles that the game has been abandoned by it's developer, too.In it's current iteration, I cannot recommend Clockwork Empire. If the overwhelming issues are ever addressed I'd be happy to reverse my review and recommend it, but until that happens, I would recommend potential buyers spend their money elsewhere - this will only frustrate you."
76561198110040643,Recommended,224740,12216730,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,GG Next,"Very addictive but super buggy. I hope they do a weekly update instead of a monthly update. Oh by the way, how is it possible for 68 raiders to attack my colony? The game's way of telling me that im f*ked? LOL"
76561198061108397,Recommended,224740,11882215,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,crimsonking,"the game itself has a very great potential. but optimization right now is terrible.id recommend you to add it to ""wish list""."
76561198005817044,Not Recommended,224740,31690169,Posted: 11 May,all,Hobo King,"Well I got 24 hours of buggy, crashing, frustrating gameplay for 30 bucks. Worth it? No."
76561197965761097,Not Recommended,224740,28773119,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,Malachite Kell,"Checked on this after a year. Promised game features are not in the game.Game went gold, no reason to check on it next year. Try again later, devs."
,Not Recommended,224740,34018733,Posted: 4 August,all,dbvel,"Unpolished game (like Towns), with a learning curve above average: a) within a few days people are already desparing or talking about occultism; b) it takes time to figure out what is needed to build a simple bed; c) unless you build smtg and train people on smtg, you can't hunt a simple turkey; d) the tutorial isn't realy a tutorial, there are just a few dialogue boxes, like ineficient early hints; e) you'll have to deal with AI issues often."
76561197976240239,Recommended,224740,21915933,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,USMCWall,"Quite a fun take on the Steampunk Colonial area, even though it is early access there are still quite a bit of gameplay options and content. If you like the smaller scale city builders or city management games then I highly recommend CWE."
76561198030384427,Recommended,224740,16802904,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Totally Not Alpharius,"It's off to a great start, it's basically a city builder with a Lovecraftian twist. Now when I say I reccomend it, I do not mean now. It's more just a show of good faith in the direction it is going. Needs much fine tuning (obviously because it's Early Access) as well as it needs a touch more content. I hope for more variation in possible starts (currently only two option avaiable) and I hope for more spooky content. All in all I just want more reasons for me to dread every night and day. It has the Lovecraftian elements but I don't quiet feel much of it other than the obvious things. I would suggest that weird things happen more often as well. Buy it when it's ready unless you want to contribute to it's development then get it now."
76561198004309356,Recommended,224740,14491470,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Bender,"I cannot wait for this game to be developed more! Right now there are incomplete features and plenty of bugs and crashes, however, there is so much charm and potential for a fanstastic block buster of a colonial victorian town/adventure game that I have to recommend this to everyone who loves taking control of a rag tag group of colonists and leading them to glory... or ruin! Either way its a ton of fun!"
76561197967592636,Not Recommended,224740,31887110,Posted: 21 May,all,Al_Ka_Pwn,Sadly this game was abandoned long before it was actually finished. Do not buy.
,Not Recommended,224740,26443688,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Leiaderp,"Great idea, great trailer, great images, poorly executed. Was looking forward to playing this, though after playing for a short amount of time, I understand if my review isn't fair, I have not enjoyed it."
76561198052827003,Recommended,224740,14562018,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,RecurringItch,FPS behaves oddly on Mac for the moment - huge potentialSo would recommend mac users support regardless until FPS issue resolved.
76561198008715948,Not Recommended,224740,32520398,Posted: 17 June,all,Wild Bill,Great idea poor execution.
,Not Recommended,224740,33660261,Posted: 19 July,all,[RD] Kura_VII,Abandoned by useless devs. Avoid anything made by these guys in future.
76561197972640060,Recommended,224740,26231512,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Nurdbot,"An interesting take on the dwarf fortress inspired build up and avoid disaster genre, the developers are dedicated and are slowly but surely with each passing update bringing their vision to life.I've been playing on and off with early access and with each update and build the game slowly is building up it's own identity, and considering how dungeons of dredmor turned out I have a feeling it will only get better from here on out."
76561198007176834,Not Recommended,224740,26703534,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Machete Jake,"Dont buy unless the Devs get serious about actually making a game not just selling an idea.Excellent Unplayable Game.  Constantly Crashing during battles or high population moments.I would understand and be patient with the level of bugs/glitches and crashing if it was early access, but in a released game the level of issues is just totally unacceptable.   I found Prison Tycoon series and others to be less buggy but equally as frustrating.  Took 2 years to get to this point and a good game only gets you so far if you can't play it past a certain point.I'll stick with proper companies in the future not weekend warriors programming from thier basement putting out half a&*^'d concepts."
,Recommended,224740,26472471,"Posted: 7 November, 2016",all,Zachariah Wildwood,"I am recommending this, but only for certain people.You need to know going in that this was a very ambitious game, and while they sort of pulled it off there is a lot that they didn't get to, and it does feel unpolished. There's a lot wrong with this game, but I actually do love it, and I feel that I will keep coming back to it for a long time. Particularly if it is updated. I think the reason this game has turned out the way it has is because the devs waded into uncharted territory without a map. They get a lot of points from me for doing something different.A lot of what has been done is very innovative, and if you are a fan of this genre you will love playing with the highly customisable workshops, houses and special buildings. It's great fun drawing a blueprint for your carpenters workshop and deciding where everything will go - you feel like you are building a colony from scratch rather than just planting down premade buildings. The work crew system is unique and while I have a few issues with it, the idea is good. You have a supervisor who can employ up to four people. Those four labourers will join the supervisor on whatever task they are assigned to (you do this based on their traits and skills) and their effectiveness is determined by a few things including the skill of the supervisor, the buiding quality... and probably some other nebulous thing I haven't figured out yet. From that example you can probably see that you need to invest some time in order to understand the complex systems going on. It's not obvious. This is for people like me who actually enjoy figuring that stuff out and find it really satisfying to understand a complex system enough to be able to build something thriving.What I want to add to all of the reviews so far (including the negative ones that make good points) is that there is huge potential for fun here.  If you took a look at Dwarf Fortress and thought you couldn't handle figuring it out, maybe skip this. If the reason you skipped Dwarf Fortress was solely down to graphics, hey, this could be a gold mine for you."
,Recommended,224740,26493935,"Posted: 8 November, 2016",all,jfullernz,"Considering the reviews, I was a bit wary about purchasing this game. Im glad I did though as it is a well thought out basis.It does have bugs, but what game doesn't? Dev - I can confirm the issue regarding Rally points displaying Place plant, also when you rally they stand around and dont seem to attack until the rally is over and they can move freely again?A challenging economic sim, mixed with a bit of strategy aspects in a decent blend. I look forward to seeing where this game leads in the long term."
76561198022111509,Recommended,224740,11913451,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Mad Man 112,Good game but crashes a ton. Devs may want to look into that
76561198018832500,Not Recommended,224740,28991505,Posted: 3 January,all,chris_blaikie,Fantastic concept filled but with bugs that make it almost unplayable.  I hope it continues to be updated but until it does I can not recomend the game.
,Recommended,224740,11886077,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,Kaz,"I know it is an early access game, so it could as well change. Yes, it is a good idea. No, the way it is laid out could be better. It is a freeplay, so you can do whatever you like. I have trouble assiging workers to do things, that should be laid out better. Overall, I look forward to seeing the improvements to the game."
76561198056496642,Recommended,224740,17556133,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,Shad,"This review is for the Agurust 2015 version.The game is based on a familiar permise: start with a handful of colonists in a wild place and make it more hospitable. The XIX century/steampunk setting is fun and the key elements are present.State of Early access: the game appeared on EA in August 2014, and honestly at the time was not really much of a game, with only barebones of the experience present. However, progress has been steady. The devs have a clear roadmap of their project and regularly update he game, adding the mechanics that they promised.Today, the game is solid and fun, though there is clearly still work to be done before release.Overall I would recommend it if you are a fan of the genre or if you like steampunk."
,Not Recommended,224740,25930941,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Necroscourge,"I bought this game just after it came out on Early Access. It proudly displayed the Multiplayer tage on it; because it promised to have Multiplayer. So that's why I bought it. NEVER BUY AN EA GAME EXPECTING IT TO RETAIN FEATURES. Because without my knowledge they decided to cut multiplayer at the beginning of the year in a casually named blog post nobody saw.This is why amatuer developers should not make distant promises about a game they plan to have in development for two years. Because it ends up just dissapointing everybody involved. I played a recent build and it was a sickeningly far cry from the game I had paid for. There is no mystery or suprise to this game anymore, it's just a house building simulator now.Here is how the entire game works: You build workshops and assign overseers so that they make materials to build houses. The houses raise the arbitrary head count limit so that you can build better and more houses. If you ever have too many workshops your rate of progress sinks because of the overseer system, so before you can even start expanding you have to build a bunch of houses. So even though there are only four kinds of resource production buildings it takes hours to build them all!AVOID THIS GAME, IT'S NOTHING LIKE THEY PROMISED."
76561197960855695,Recommended,224740,11922666,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,FatRat,"intresting game, looks to have alot of potential,  i would recommend, but not for $30 dollars, maybe $15"
76561198023648058,Not Recommended,224740,29605901,Posted: 31 January,all,Scottishtroop,Yet another early access ive got in my library that has been abandoned by the devs. Had so much going for it as well so stay clear of this one as it looks like its never going to be finished
76561197995268369,Not Recommended,224740,31356807,Posted: 25 April,all,Layla,Abandoned
76561198027060786,Recommended,224740,26436326,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Billy Yankee,"WOW!  So fun!!  I usually don't write reviews - but I had to let people who are undecided about buying it know how much I am enjoying it.It is NOT hard - the guided tutorial when you play walks you right through it.  NOTE; BUILD ""ASSEMBLY WORKBENCHES"" IN THE CARPENTRY AND PUT ONE IN EVERY 'WORKSHOP' (except the Chemical Workshop).  This allows you to build your ""Brick Ceramic Kiln"" etc.I have not run into a single bug!  My colony is at day 60 and plays smooth and bug-free (as near as I can tell).  I  only have a Intel Q6600 - but I do have a GTX950 that helps I am sure.You know it is an addicting game when you wake up and the first thing you want to do is play.Bottom-line; It is a STEAL for only $29.P.S.  If it seems your peeps are not carrying out your orders, just give them time.  They seem to like to loaf and chat with others a lot - heh, just like where I work!Enjoy!"
76561198082714324,Recommended,224740,15072867,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,T.,...
,Recommended,224740,23147260,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Clawdius,"Quite entertaining for what it is, the AI still needs some work but I'm confident Gaslamp will produce a winner with this title. I've kept an eye on this game for awhile, but I hadn't bought it until it went on sale when they released the first Beta patch. It's not the most intuitive game in the genre, but it presents the world with style and more UI polish is something that will come in time.The creatures in the world, the writing and the variety of options are impressive. I have read a lot about how some of the AI traits evolved, for example when they first started experimenting with the playable alpha they realized that alcoholics were actually good soldiers, because they could forget the horrors of the battles they had been in.For those who are familiar with Gaslamp Games previous work, Dungeons of Dredmor, they will know that Gaslamp cultivated an enthusiastic community and embraced their work after the game was released. I am confident that Clockwork Empires will be the same way after it reaches 1.0. This project is far more ambitious, but the game is already very playable and entertaining."
,Not Recommended,224740,29147610,Posted: 9 January,all,PoopyAssMan,"Played it a bunch in alpha a few years ago. Game is released and still has most of the old bugs I ran into all those years ago, some of which I even personally reported on the forums. Very laggy after a few minutes of gameplay. AI is still unresponsive and slow. What a pathetic ""grab the cash and run"" attempt this turned out to be.If the universe was fair, these people would be sued and the customers would get their money back. That's the risk you take buying alpha games I guess."
76561198061402648,Recommended,224740,28930890,Posted: 1 January,all,Akulan,I am surpised This game has such bad reviews I've had alot of fun playing this game. My favorte time so far is when my people started a dark cult and during a war they summoned he who shall not be named and it just killed everything in sight lol
76561198040003033,Recommended,224740,14434457,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,Butz,"Very charming, lots of potential, although it still has a long way to go."
,Recommended,224740,17016601,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,{SLURP}Legion,Very good game but needs better control of colonists and a way to prioritize jobs.
76561198114265044,Recommended,224740,23022004,"Posted: 16 May, 2016",all,JamesMG21,This is a very fun game. Its never short on content because of the hardwork from the devs. If you like little colony management games this the right game for you. Plus there is a lot to do anyway and lots of little funny things happen sometime which can be very intresting. But this game is just amazing
,Recommended,224740,18075067,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Bushdoctah,"I have supported the game from the beggining watching it grow, watching the bugs getting ironed out, seeing and enjoying newly implemented features.    So far the game is becoming amazing, from a concept to actual implementation it has come a long way.  The dev team works hard and communicates in great deal with the community.  So far it has the potential to be one of the greatest games I have ever played, and I play a ton of games!"
76561198007905846,Recommended,224740,33474689,Posted: 12 July,all,Baron,"Before I leave this positive review it must be said that this was originally a disappointing release, due to the usual indie dev-goes-under-before-game-was-properly-finished routine. However, read on, dear colonists - for hope is not lost!A Fan patch called CECOMMPATCH (Clockwork Empires Community Patch) has breathed new life into this unpolished gem. Fun breaking bugs have been erased, and some minor features unused in the original release have been recovered. Work is ongoing to try improve it further.I recommend this game - properly patched - to anyone like me who loves 'town builder' or thematic manager games like Theme Hospital, Evil Genius, Dwarf Fortress, Startopia and to a lesser extent Pharoah. It's a humourous take on a fun setting and was a brave attempt to charge a battlefield littered with the corpses of games like Gnomoria and Spacebase DF9."
76561197994266486,Not Recommended,224740,30205895,Posted: 26 February,all,Seraphym,Don't waste your money.
76561198079905395,Not Recommended,224740,29736634,Posted: 5 February,all,David Binding,keeps crashing!
76561197970683273,Not Recommended,224740,24947618,"Posted: 15 August, 2016",all,Dan the Conquerer,"ok this game has promise BUT currently as it is there does not seem to be any point to it, resources dont allow you to develop anything, and the trading does not let you pick up resource you are sorely missing.  The population cap stops you from doing anything significant to try and grow your colony and the fact you can NEVER EVER feed who you have ensures failure.  Currently the game consistantly crashes, but that is the least of my problems with it the biggest issue being that you get the feeling the developers have no idea what they want the game to be.  A further indicator is the lack of current updates which gives me the feeling even the devs have given up on it."
76561198001915811,Not Recommended,224740,25016615,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,dominic.saltarelli,"Had promise, now it's in a death spiral. The developers have incorporated an unkeep mechanic into the game such that one has to continually produce a series of 'repair trunks' and then make sure enough overseers are available to perform building maintenance using these trunks. This particular mechanic simply does not mesh with all of the other aspects of the game and throws a wrench into the entire operation. The sad part is that the developers are clearly devoted to maintaining this aspect for some reason, and as such are going to sabatoge the entire game with it."
76561198061271064,Not Recommended,224740,12447053,"Posted: 11 October, 2014",all,XDA-7,"I have high hopes for this game upon its completion, and will change my opinion at that time accordingly. At the moment poor AI and a buggy UI combine to make the game almost unplayable, and certainly not enjoyable. Even for an early release title, in my opinion this game was released far too early."
76561198078365647,Not Recommended,224740,23364407,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,handsomegrape,"Alright, this game is in beta supposedly, and according to the developers is nearing full release. It's an indie game and costs about 1/2 as much as the Witcher 3. So is it at least 1/2 as good a value as the witcher 3? No, not even one tenth. Is it polished enough to issue it as a finished game? No. In fact I would dare say it's currently in alpha.It's broken and rough, for instance if you go into the options menue you risk being overwhelmed by the plethora of choices, such as music; On or Off. That's right, On or Off. Do you want to change the volume? No problem, just exit onto the main menue and... Oh wait, you can't, you need to exit the game, then restart it, and THEN on that starting screen you can change the volume. But not much else. Every time the game loads, you're pretty much past the point of certain that is has crashed again (nothing moves, the music stops), and THEN it starts.Betas can work, as long as you've got a somewhat stable and solid setup. Clockwork Empires combines the helplessness and slow♥♥♥♥♥pace of the Settlers with a grueling difficulty level close to that of Banished. The AI or AS rather, is what you find yourself relying on, yet it fails again and again to complete even the simplest of tasks, creating bottlenecks and downward spirals for your colonies.I've seen them wasting days picking things  up and dropping them, picking them up and dropping them, again and again. And you wonder why that vital building project isn't being built, that's why. I've seen them pick up resources and then heading out into the wilderness to gather more of said resource. Because whenever I go out to gather stones, I always bring some heavy boulders with me, because why not. It only gets better when said colonist gets spooked by some wildlife, drops the resources in the middle of nowhere and runs back home empty handed. The cooks finish meals only to gobble them down the second after and just, wow. I could go on.There's no prioritizing certain projects, unless you want to pause every other project, and even then with a work crew assigned to do just about everything, they're still mostly Idle, chatting away, and eating ten times their body weight, doing pretty much everything except the one thing you need them to.In 10hours, I've played 2 Colonies. Only 2 you say? Yes, because this game is SLOW! There's no fastforward button, buildings are erected in real time, colonists plod along in a zombie like pace etc. In both cases I've found that starvation is very hard to counteract, mostly because you don't start with any staple crops. The first time I started in the arctics, could grow nothing but cabbages; they sowed, reaped, and ate the produce right away while standing in the fields, didn't have the time to process or stockpile it. Hunting is unreliable, foraging doesn't yield enough, so what to do.The second time I started on a savannah, got chilli, tea and sugar. Does any of those sound like staple crops to you? At first I thought I could get by on hunting, but no. The meat dropped by the giant beetles apparently taste horrid and doesn't satisfy, and in either case isn't plentiful enough. Not even when they go cannibalistic do they manage to fill their bellies. Apparently eating a whole human isn't enough to satisfy their hunger needs once they're starving!Despite my best efforts to get along with the fishpeople, one of my moronic colonists went and raided one of their hatching piles when I wasn't looking and hadn't told him to, and as a result, I now get constant, endless, raiding parties whittling away at my starving colonists. My colonists' staple diet now consists of fishpeople steaks. Which they hate, and are STILL starving.When you need overseers you get workers, when you need workers you get overseers. There's always too much/too little of either or, and they apparently rely on different conditions. For instance, I managed to get a -66 relationship standing with my own empire using a diplomacy office (I kept asking for food, apparently they didn't like that). So now I never get any overseers, which means that if one of my current overseers die, I'm pretty screwed. You can't promote workers into overseers or anything like that, they are special snowflakes and if they die, which usually you have zero control over, it can be really bad. Again with the unstoppable downward spirals.Oh and you can't name the workteams either. So you can end up with The Happy Soldiers tending to a cabbage patch, and until they get skilled enough in farming, there's no quick way to see what they are doing without clicking on them (usually it just says Idle anyways, lazy bums). I get it, you have a high soldiering skill, but you're farmers now so shut up and farm.The game has plenty of those catch 22 moments that prevents you from enjoying it. In the savannah, there's apparently very little stone to be had, but it isn't obvious at first glance and I didn't know just how limited the colonists were in how far away they can move. I figured I needed a trade office to get stone. Guess what the trade office required to be built? Yes, stone. In the end, I solved it, but it's one of those cases where there's no way you could have known that it was going to be an issue and could have prepared for it in advance, since nobody told you. If you see a bunch of stone piles scattered around, you probably figure, hey I got stone, no problem. But you don't realize how little those piles actually yield in the end. And the tutorial only gives a generic runthrough (no mention of how to solve the food problem though), same for every enviroment, when it clearly shouldn't be.And you need to build a kitchen to cook. How bout a camp fire, and some tents for shelter that degrade over time. Who sends out colonists to sleep on the dirt and without proper crops to grow, apparently these people.So TLDR; it isn't balanced properly. And being forced to rely on the slow and moronic AI while nothing really happens that requires your attention, makes it that the game could just as easily be on standby without you. It isn't FUN to play is what I'm getting at. I can see a lot of potential with the idea, but some serious work is required to get it to a functioning level, and since the devs have the audacity to charge this much for a broken alpha version of the game and dare to say it's almost close to being finished; makes it so that I strongly doubt it will ever reach that potential.I would be happy if you prove me wrong though, so by all means, aim to do just that. But for now, for this price and claiming that it's almost finished when it's clearly not, gets a downvote from me."
,Recommended,224740,34015933,Posted: 4 August,all,Poppa,"PS: THIS GAME IS STILL BEING DEVELOPED DON'T LET IT DIEhttps://steamcommunity.com/app/224740/discussions/0/135510393206488976/IF YOU LOVE IT YOU WILL SPREAD ITI'm honestly really bad at the game...In fact I haven't even achieved a militia yet...I can usually get to about 5 soldiers before I perish from everyone chopping eachother up...But I always enjoy the build-up and the pure depression of my story...It's fun to lose...It's fun to watch your civilization break down, turning to the dark arts for answers, fish people eating your crops, eating eachother's friend's, brothers, sisters, mothers, fathers, sons, and daughters...It's fun losing everything you worked for...This is F U N ."
,Not Recommended,224740,23680610,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,Sinbearer,"Lots of potential, just frustrating that it crashes a lot...Still loads of work to go but there is a possiblity this can be an amazing game, sadly it is still in development for god knows when but in its current status I cannot recommend this game for the moment"
,Recommended,224740,26299970,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,WorldPeace,"Steam knights shot at fish people in town square.Gunpowder stock explodes, starting a fire.Half the colony died.And then the obeleskian came."
,Recommended,224740,29466294,Posted: 24 January,all,TrollForce22,"I might get flak for this, but I'm saying it nonetheless.As it stands, Clockwork Empires is what it should be - a beta goaded into release by the fanbase nagging Gaslamp about it.It's fun for me - looking at what my colonists unearth, what kinds of conflicts may happen between them, what names the RNJesus comes up with, what eldritch abominations lurk around, what is the seventh mine layer - it's fun.The game can be a bit dull, and the symptoms of being a teeny bit underbaked are all there, but for something that spent about two years in what the devs specifically called Pre-Alpha, it is a completely normal, middle-of-the-road experience.There is potential in Clockwork Empires, and seeing this game go under would be, simply put, sad."
,Recommended,224740,14019496,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Harry,"""Fish people attacked are village a couple of hours ago , what were we eating again?""Good game but quite laggy 7/10 P.s 28/1/15 the game had an update that has fixed most of the lagi now rate it 9/10"
76561198059704262,Not Recommended,224740,23262291,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Apuck4,I have been playing Clockwork since it's very early stages and I have to say I am incredibly unhappy with my investment.AI is stupid and the allocation system is non-intuitive. This makes the game slow and dull.Wouldn't recommend buying.
76561198104350244,Recommended,224740,18560089,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Romeulis,A ton of bugs but still a great game.
,Recommended,224740,25177813,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Joshy,"really good game dose still have its moints were it will crash or you will load a game and parts will be there but will not show on map end of day is good fun and can kill some time,"
76561198061373193,Recommended,224740,23145313,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Hollow,"Very enjoyable game, it has its bugs but of course its an EA game.Started a village near what looked like oblisk things, they eventually came to life and I was living war of the worlds, bandits also attacked while it was happening. Worse luck ever or just enjoyable to watch my people suffer.9/10 Would watch them suffer again"
,Not Recommended,224740,11962179,"Posted: 2 September, 2014",all,[Tech] Nogohoho,Don't buy it yet. I purchaced it because I love Dungeons of Dreadmor (the same developers) and was really happy to see a new property from them. Unfortunately there really isn't enough to play just yet. Give it some more time and it will be worth your purchace.
,Recommended,224740,26231635,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,YOUR DRUNK UNCLE,"Steampunkish Dwarf Fortress lite. Does it's aesthetic well and the gameplay for it's sort is fairly decent. Worth at least a look for any fans of colony builder games.Just remember to focus on ensuring food and wood supply first, before anything else."
76561197972083544,Recommended,224740,25044321,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,G.dot,"Good game, getting better and better slowly as things progress."
76561198108227127,Not Recommended,224740,30118409,Posted: 23 February,all,Jack,"Game abandoned.Edited: Guys, those who already bought this game and didn't check in discussion page, please do so. Someone have started patching up this game for us :DSo even though the game is abandon and left with tons of bugs, check in the link for new patches to solve these bugs"
76561198025340224,Not Recommended,224740,30126081,Posted: 23 February,all,Cela's Braines,I got this because I ejoyed their previous game but this one is unfinished and dead.
76561198096348459,Recommended,224740,19233480,"Posted: 23 November, 2015",all,Hospoguy76,I had written a bad review before the new updates. Which has now been delete so as not to confuse.The game is challenging but is a work in progress. Since the new updates it is becoming not overwhelmingly difficult which does mean a far more enjoyable and relaxed game play.There are still many improvements that many players have mentioned in forums and disscussions which I'm sure the developers have been keeping track of.The main ones are:- Slow/sketchy gameplay after reaching about 80+ population- Population capped at 100 (Believe this is going to be resolved once colonists start claiming houses thus being able to multiply)Some of the recommedations I think would be good in next update:- Resources; Once the kitchen is built and work crew assigned. Food cooked here should count more for decreasing hunger in colonists. Thus helping to lower the chance of running out of food.- Trading with Allies and Neutral Tribes- Colonists that are armed (such as hunters) can also help army defend colony- Limits to how big you can build buildingsThere are other little peeves but they'll probably be teethed out as these improvements are made.All up Clockwork Empires is starting to become a game I can see myself enjoying and if you like management/Stragety/Building games then I'm sure like me you'll see the potetial of this game and where it's head.
,Recommended,224740,17086827,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,djmastaman,This is a great game i can easily recomend this game it is fun and the devs are setting a dangerously high standered for early acsees the constant progress you can even play the updates in experimental mode before this is released which is always interesting though my only complaints are you cant delete save files which can make it hard to find the game you are currently playing all in all it is a 8/10 just in early acsees
76561198029057933,Recommended,224740,11838983,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,SpawnofJesus96,"Great Idea! Great plan with the game! Keep up the good WORK! ANd PLEASE MAKE IT RUN BETTER ON WINDOWS 8.1! sorry its just my computer runs it horibly slow wicth bewilders me because it should run great.. But i say if you the guys and girls who are making this game... Dont Bail On IT! Dont be like Towns where they strip people of so much money, then... ""Hey! Were quiting on improvments! hear you go people who have been waiting for the big deal for 2 YEARS!....But i rate it a great game, just got tweaks to it, and could build apon its current self. And save files be very nice..."
76561198025466397,Recommended,224740,11782533,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Explode_Toad,"Still very early as far as playablility is concerned, but still very fun.  Involved devs with an easy to understand plan for development.  As far as gameplay is concerned, I had my colony wiped out by a swarm of 50+ fishmen on day 13.  Maybe I should have left those odd egg clutches on the beach alone..."
,Recommended,224740,15058032,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,Acharenus,"Build a colony from humble beginings to a mighty sprawling city. Set in a steampunk, victorian colonial world with a darker side.A daunting amount of options lie within this little gem, fully customizable buildings and in depth colonist management combined with varied and colorful personalities makes for a very personal and interesting expirience with every play.Now this on it's own would make for a great little simulation game...but as with any genre in my opinion this one's spiced up by a touch of lovecraftian and otherworldy horror as you fend off fish people and try to keep your colonists from worshipping the old gods and outer beings that haunt there dreams.Or allow there worship...Highly reccomended."
76561198008261630,Recommended,224740,26427011,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,radwyn,Edit after 150 hrs playInspite of many glitches with villager behaviour I'm having great fun with this rich production queue personality infused village builder. And even though I have purchased 2 Steam games since I bought this I still haven't played them as this is the game I keep returning toProsThe villagers have excellent individual personalitiesThere are heaps of things to mine grow and build and useThe Lovecraftian theme is a great choiceNice complex production even more would be greatConsLots of glitches and bugs that need weeding outEndgame needs more challenges added
76561198009014587,Recommended,224740,25626240,"Posted: 21 September, 2016",all,chri,"I brought this game back when it was released on early access and i don't regret it, the developers are very active and make at least an update a month, and check the forums looking for bug reports and actualy listening to players (Like in the recent debacle about building upkeep, a thing that players hated and the developers, in turn, are going to remove the next update)"
76561198006605548,Recommended,224740,26402875,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,Cara Ellsberg,"While it has it many flaws of really a game still in Beta, it has come a long way from its humble beginings . I do adore this game and if you enjoy steampunk /lovecraft esk titles I am sure you will too, it pulls no punches and is no easy task to run a successful colony. Got to keep a careful eye out for fishy behaviour though from those pesky colonists."
76561197963357518,Recommended,224740,29429941,Posted: 22 January,all,JCVD,"Don't be put off by all the negative reviews. This is still a solid game worth your time.Yes, it still has its rough edges and bugs, and appears to have been rushed for release, but the setting and ideas of Clockwork Empires are incredibly original, especially for a sim/city-builder. The real shame is that so many of us, espescially Early Access supporters, had such high hopes that the devs weren't fully able to execute on. I would love to see them continue to support and polish this game to truly make it something special.If you love city builders and appreciate taking the time to learn and invest in the systems of the game, including its micromanagement-based economy (admittedly not for everyone), then you'll have lots to love and appreciate about Clockwork Empires."
76561198049080915,Recommended,224740,23147725,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,Eviltwinky,"Like the art and concept of work crews. Fun game looking forward to some stabilization iterations to fix some crashes. Needs some balancing still to make the game more fun while waiting for things. I tend to play this while watching tv and interacting here and there to keep things on track. I've been watching this one for about a year now, waiting for the right time to buy. I believe this is it, it is a very complete playable game right now."
76561198051656847,Recommended,224740,12061167,"Posted: 11 September, 2014",all,Anderous65,needs a tutoral to let you know what you are supposed to do.
76561198245798126,Recommended,224740,22175368,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,mistrornge,Very very good game.  Lots of fun and constantly in flux.  Build a city and hope your people survive madness and an uncaring bureaucracy.  Try it out!
,Recommended,224740,22308299,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,¤C0MRADE M00GSKI¤,"Just love it! Satisfying, hilarious and brimming with Cosmic Horror (Plus cults, cannibalism and insanity)."
,Recommended,224740,16615591,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,ShiftyTheMLGPro,"I recommend this game, only because it holds great promise for the future.At the time of writing this I've tried to play it several times, all of them resulting in a crash of some sorts. The devs are really working on this with a lot of passion and humor, so just wait it out for now. Unless you'd like, just like I did, to support the developers and speed up the process, get it now and wait for beta.It will take some time to be finished, but the way in which the game is developing is superb."
,Recommended,224740,18429860,"Posted: 11 October, 2015",all,Evil Dr Foetus,"Edit 20/10/15:So after following development for a little while, I feel that I may have been a little harsh.I never had any doubt that the team were both talented and motivated as I thoroughly enjoyed DoD, but felt that CE was out the door a litle too soon, albeit in my view from the outside.Since buying the game I've seen a flurry of interim patches that address a lot of both the newer and longstanding issues, and the next major patch should hopefully fix a huge gripe of mine (as in not make the military as useless as a paper condom).In light of what I've seen I'm changing my review to a positive, with the following caveat;This is still early access, with a team that aren't afraid to muck about under the hood with regularity and gusto. Things will and do break, but there's enough here now that it's an enjoyable experience, at least for supply chain afficianados like myself, at least those who bear in mind this is still in heavy development.I never had any doubt this would be a great game at release, it's finally got to the stage where the journey is fun too.Original:Can't recommend at the minute, game has potential but it's just too damn buggy to really enjoy as of yet. GLG really need to lock down what's already in game before adding more content,"
76561198003643896,Recommended,224740,18638694,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Jool,10/10 Fun game. Frequent small updates and seems like monthly fully version releases.
76561198006181532,Recommended,224740,18685162,"Posted: 25 October, 2015",all,rrakanychan,"First off, SteamPunk. From there is just gets better. Though at this time it's still indevelopment the game is alot of fun to play with various and new aspects being added each month. Easy to work with controls and interface. The game has an undercurrent of Lovecraftian horror. Though I feel like I didn't to experience it as much as they advertise for some reason. If you like SteamPunk, sim city type games and Lovecraftian horror, then you need this game. Otherwise, you just need it because it's awesome!"
,Recommended,224740,20049930,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,MR.Allar,"This is game for thous who like micro managment, steampunk, colonaising and relaxed playistile mixed with heavy time spending. But be aware this is still in develobment and early accses. So if you are ok with bugs and other minor things then ge ti plus if you want detailed info about it well then google it and use youtube or read other Reviews.Update: Studio of this game is cone. So baisicly this game is dead in water. So yeah dont bother buying this game unless you realy want to own this relic of creat idea of heavy micromanagment and building colony. There are better games out there than this. But i still recommend this since i like this kind of games. So yeah."
76561198046036230,Recommended,224740,11937836,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,Mizu Zoo zU,I like this game a lot but it keeps crashing on me ;~;
76561198000949711,Not Recommended,224740,31676677,Posted: 10 May,all,tlsteel,"Don't waste your money on this garbage! The graphics (S)uck, it's incredably usuer unfreindly and the colors actualy hurts the eyes!"
,Recommended,224740,28703742,"Posted: 27 December, 2016",all,tollymain,"disclaimer: this game is currently in rough shape. it's buggy and it doesn't yet feel complete. but gaslamp games previous development history follows a pattern of expanding on and polishing things far past the initial 1.0 release, and they are committed to doing the same with this one. playing it, i can see the promise of what it'll be eventually. don't write this one off. it'll be good."
,Recommended,224740,15300112,"Posted: 10 April, 2015",all,Sol_Phoneix,"The current build is a lil wonky but it still is a fun game, if i do say so myself."
76561198129455203,Recommended,224740,12041100,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,Alpha Wolf,"The game is great and also good, but please keep update about the new gameplay and try to fixe every bug crash that always occurs in gameplay mode"
76561198055405985,Not Recommended,224740,13426136,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Hellsdream89,"The game has high hopes, but don't get it until they actually finish the game. There are several key issues they need to address. Such as the fact the colonists are constantly discussing murder and cult activities at a faster rate than you can gain new ones."
,Not Recommended,224740,11921754,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,|ChroNiC^㋛| Lotto,"currently i would not recommend anyone buying this game, despite the fact its in early access, the game you are buying this early is not much more than a teaser..the game concept is great if your into these sort of games, but after playing for 10-20 mins the game will most likly have crashed on you, trying to save the game a 2nd time will usually crash the game while you save (not recoverable) or using many of the more delicated featurs.while many featurs are fustrating to use (such as placing building areas but being unable to delete areas you misplaced) they are ofc only part of the early access lackings.but overall the price is way to high for a product this unstable, after all you are helping promoting there game, not vice versa.I did highly recommend saving your money for a month or 2 before reconsidering buying this early access."
76561198055990164,Not Recommended,224740,25940560,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Tzyder,This game is the worst case of pay to test I have come across in a very long time. I purchased it several years ago and was extremely disapointed by not only the glacial progress being made but the lack of any real roadmap for the game. Major features were release into beta and completely scrapped a week later. A great example of this is farming which must have been pointlessly rebalaced at least 100 times. The beta patch history is an aimless list of wasted time and I'm shocked that they are calling this 1.0 when major features like the chest building maint system was created. added and scapped not two patches ago. It looks to me like the devs have run out of steam and are just arbitrarily saying here take this mismatched incomplete random product because we are done.This game is a dream that didnt make it and buyers should prob avoid it
76561198085657072,Recommended,224740,15986537,"Posted: 24 May, 2015",all,Sir Long Wank The Dank,"Colonists are all sleeping in carpentryfishperson walks byall the colonists look through the closed door then run out screaming because they saw a door""Best colony of 5 year olds simulator 2015 10/10"""
,Not Recommended,224740,23252931,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,Guillaum Laurent,"This game is a drag.  It takes ages to get anything done, villagers wander around aimlessly, there is no way to speed up gameplay, the resource production / hauling / consumption balances are completely screwed.  Then after spending two hours slowly building up a tiny population 25% of them are killed because your soldiers run away or completely ignore the threat.  It is boring and frustrating and completely lacks any reward for the boredom and frustration.  There are plenty of other far superior DFLike/DFLite game available online.  This one is to be avoided."
,Recommended,224740,26247208,"Posted: 27 October, 2016",all,VLC Player,"For fans of: Gnomoria, Dwarf Fortress, Planetbase, etcThe game is extremely good, and loaded with charm. It will take a few tries to figure out that you need to focus on Food first and foremost, and then Wood, but then things will quickly fall into place and you will be soaring up the tech tree.Watch out for fishpeople!"
76561197996823631,Not Recommended,224740,17217324,"Posted: 25 July, 2015",all,spiz816,"The idea for this game is incredible, the features are there that should make a great game, and the development team isnt afraid to innovate. The problem though is that the optimization isn't there. I played for less than a half hour and experianced constant frame rate spikes and crashes, and the game completley crashed at both auto-save points. Though this game SHOULD be great when the development team fixes the current bugs and optimizes gameplay, it currently is not and is a long way off.Good luck to the development team, when these issues are fixed I will gladly re-buy the game and change my review, but as for now the game is unplayable."
76561198037221731,Recommended,224740,12631624,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,Yunieson,"Its Early Access, NOT FINISHED YET!!but I LOVE IT :D, since I know its not completed yet, imagen when it does it will better!!!I played it one day and I think, ofcourse its need to be done as soon as possible.Yes it has its Oops, a lot but again its Early Access( Meaning its not done yet )They have pies now, they bought me again..."
76561197983680293,Not Recommended,224740,14424474,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Booker,"This is not worth it yet!Extremely buggy, no widescreen support.Honestly the game is barely playable as it is.The foundation is ok."
76561197999761928,Recommended,224740,26302581,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Obeliske,"I love games like this, going through my steam library I have a lot of games that I refer to as ""civ builders"" I really enjoy them. This one was just released and offers a lot that many others do to but at the end of the day I really love the setting and there's so many little things that are unique. This one has quickly skyrocketed to the top of my favorites list.It still has a few issues but the devs are the same guys who developed Dungeons of Dredmore which they updated and kept working on for more then a year afterwards adding little things and making it better. I'm really looking forward to seeing what comes of this game considering how great it already is. Thanks Gaslamp and keep up the great work!"
76561197990267207,Recommended,224740,28218331,"Posted: 6 December, 2016",all,you are the training sets,"Rocky release, but the developers have a reputation of delivering great content after it. It's definitely one of the best colony management sims."
76561197977260302,Not Recommended,224740,26700903,"Posted: 19 November, 2016",all,Wibble the Obscure,Been with this game since Early Access and do not think it is ready for 'Fully Release' at all.The game as it stands is as exciting as doing your tax return.
76561198041239133,Not Recommended,224740,16528659,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,chino2468,"EARLY ACCESS REVIEW *Might Change in the Future*I really like the concept behind this game, and the mood. I'm a big Lovecraft fan and all. But for some reason, I've been unable to even play this game so far. I've a good computer, everything runs smoothly on it, but this game will just freeze or work in a glitch-edy, unplayable way.I've asked the support and got no reply so far."
,Recommended,224740,12271698,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Herger Joyous,"I like to build and manage, and this even has fish people that attack you! It is early access! There are bugs, and crashes and all that stuff you encounter when buying early access. Check the forums and keep on gaming sexy."
76561197977113277,Recommended,224740,28368815,"Posted: 14 December, 2016",all,b3nt0,"Hi, I tried to like this game very much. The story telling is nice. But over all the game at its current state has too many bugs.The game mechanic is to remove and delete buildings, and it does not even handle this properly.Also there seems to be bugs with certain pawns getting stuck attempting to do an action. Without super micro management the poor AI and the poor UI it is almost next to impossible to set anything up properly.Now I did play and understood the game and its workings, just it is not currently playable without extreme micro management.The UI is very large and blocks a lot of your view of the game. It is single task oriented. You can't check resources while trying to craft something. You can't check the current pawns that are idle to send them to do something. The delete function of tasks does not work all that well since sometimes pawns become stuck if you delete a task while they were trying to do it.If you modify anything while the AI is attempting to do it you almost break the game. Resource labels don't display properly, Pawn labels don't display properly. Dead pawns sometimes stay in the list of pawns that are alive.But, this being said the game is quiet enjoyable feel, I just wish it was not so riddled with bugs.I would play this game again if the bugs were fixed."
,Not Recommended,224740,13966876,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Giun,"I ""could"" play this game... If it weren't for all the crashes that seem to occure randomly at any fiven moment. Sent in so many bug reports... But seen little to no improvements on the areas stated in the bug reports.So, untill all the bugs been squashed, this game gets a no for me."
76561198046924042,Not Recommended,224740,14440227,"Posted: 12 February, 2015",all,{HST}TheKurd,I cant play very far into this game at all due to the fact that when i try to place a foundation for a building instead of showing the placement grid its all black and all i can see are notifications and the hud but the terrain and models are all black im not happy with this one bit.
76561197987711729,Recommended,224740,23607102,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,SaltGifter,This game is going to be ultra awesome.  I love playing it so far.  The developers are working hard to make a dynamic replayable experience.  I have over a 100 hours on this game.  35 recently.  looking forward to the rest of the details.
76561197990158242,Recommended,224740,26238237,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,[U.S.M.]HunkUmbrella,"This is a unique and fun sandbox game.Lots of black humour, random events that depends on your decisions and much more.It has its own great steampunk style and atmosphere, during your settlement growing you will meet bandits, other nations, fishpeople, mysterious creatures.You can create and manage your settlers into smug society or turn them into brutish canibals or even worse...It is a game where you will be ready to spent hours after you will be bored in others.The only problem is with this game - you cant play it with friends, but game is still under development and there are lots of options and stuff to be done and added.So who knows what the future of this game holds.In my opinion this is a game you must have."
76561198075689570,Not Recommended,224740,17789304,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,liu8867,"遊戲本身的概念不錯... 但是問題實在太多....點選反應緩慢... 亂七八糟的事件太多導致整個失焦...指令下達後不知道到底有沒有成功，也不清楚位置對不對...感覺上就像是一個Bug很多的概念原型而已...賣這麼貴真得很不值得....如果想要買建議等到開發完成以後再來考慮看看吧!!Game Concept Is Good~~~ But the game it self just TOO MANY BUGS~~~~Order Response Very Slow AND sometimes you don't even know the order is given or not~~~you just can't know it~~~  Hunt order never works at all !!!Soldiers do only one things in combat .....RUN AWAY FLEE AND♥♥♥♥♥♥IN THER PANTS  THEN DIE~~~Yeb it's happen even there's only one enemy.... and you got three soldiers~~~~THE NCO only do one things too....  eat and idle~~~~Sometimes He fight, but LOSS Almost every time and die~~~And NOT A Single day you get any peace from day 2 .....SO I GAVE UP...... IT JUST NOT PALYABLE~~~~~"
76561197966657026,Recommended,224740,19223263,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,The Ugly Dwarf,"Clockwork Empires has a lot of charm, and its development gives great hopes as the team is doing the job seriously. The game is a colony-building, with bandits, fishpeople, foreign powers, and dark cults. Of course it's actually in Alpha stage, and far from completed, but it already offers some good moments, and the updates are regular and going in the right direction. The interface is still uncomfortable, the AI is improving, more events are being added, and the ambient is quite good. So I recommend the game for those who are aware it's an Alpha, and are curious about the direction this is going."
,Recommended,224740,26467086,"Posted: 6 November, 2016",all,SoloFlexie,"Chop woord, mine stone, make more labourer bunkhouses, preferably 6x6 or smaller. Shove as many beds in there as you can, watch your workers go crazy. Profit. as long as the overseers has nice houses ~"
76561198160335383,Recommended,224740,20961522,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,chuhai95,"This game has a good game play as strategy game, I play this game 9 hours on WIndow 7, after I get WIndow 10, I cannot play this game anymore, Thank you WINDOW"
,Recommended,224740,15109537,"Posted: 29 March, 2015",all,DolgVlaPet,"Didn't played it for long time yet, but as for now I could say that this game future is looking really promising. It reminds me slightly of ""Dwarf Fortress"", only with less features (For now, at least) and graphic interface. Worth every penny and I do not regret purchasing it.Edit (04.05.2016): Some time has passed, couple of patches been released and I've decided to give it another try. Aaand, on the bright side: I loved the individuality in your citizens. Everyone has it's own traits, habits, manias, goals, fears, etc. They could get scared, angry, crazy, depressed, etc. They could have suicidal tendencies, communist thoughts, planning a revolt or a riot against you, join a cult and praise some ancient evil or rob your storages and run into the wilds to form a gang, so you never know what to expect from your citizens and you should keep an eye on troublesome ones... They can make friends and enemies among other settlers and that is a pretty big and not that common feature in games.What I did not like is, there is no subterranian layer and you can only build on the surface and also, there isn't much space for your creativity, as all the buildings are square-shaped and pretty much looks the same. The difference is the utility and decorations, but that's about all... And this is a buzzkill after you got a while playing the game, everything starts to feel the same.Also, the updates are reeeaaally slow. It takes about 2-3 monts for a new update, so maybe I'll check on this game later. But for now, there isn't anything else to report. I loved the personality of your settlement, but the planning/building part is a meh'."
,Recommended,224740,33297343,Posted: 5 July,all,Sir LaVine I [1BVA],Still has some bugs but other than that its a great game!
76561197996809468,Recommended,224740,33424095,Posted: 9 July,all,Evil Robot Santa,no updates in a long time dev went under
,Recommended,224740,27980397,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Jornt,"A lot better now than in alpha, bit rough but well worth it"
76561198038518523,Recommended,224740,11762920,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Irish_Ghost956,"Game seems fun, its to far in early access to really say anything. Its pretty much sims, but the game doesnt even last 10 minutes before crashing for me."
,Recommended,224740,17125074,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Bottle Boy,My colony is full of racists that wants to kill fish people.I love this game.
,Not Recommended,224740,21419074,"Posted: 23 February, 2016",all,PandaWaffles,"This game could be really neat. I know this is EA and a lot might still change, who knows. I just don't expect many changes anymore as has been the case with most EA games (and this game has been out for 1.5 years already!). I really like the concept and the graphics though and I usually like these kind of games. But here the gameplay is really, really boring. There are not many different building types that you build (which can take a while and all you do is watch and wait) and besides that there is really nothing to do. 100 colonists max is also not a lot to work with. It's way, way too easy, there are no challenges, no real goals just nothing to do there. Also the game constantly crashes and the UI and menus are horrible in their current state.I will certainly update this review if anything more should be added or improved."
,Not Recommended,224740,11904724,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,iZaphod,"LOL, not even close...... Starts off cool and then crashes every 2-3 minutes........UPDATE AFTER TRYING EXPERIMENTAL BRANCH - 2014-08-29game crashes constantlyThis is a fun game for about 20 minutes an then you relaize you have seen everyting that is stable, and then it starts crashing every 2 minutes and then it starts crashing when you try to save....Yes I have tried the experimental branch, its only very slightly less horrible.If you are looking to play a game PLEASE DO NOT BUY THIS GAME.It is a LONG way from being playable in any meaningful manner."
76561197969425910,Not Recommended,224740,12273998,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,duwayne in the membrane,"A few hours ago I decided to write a review for this game. I bought Clockwork Empires because it looked like a cool project, a Dwarf Fortress kind of game - a game that could produce the fascinating situations that arise from the complex interaction between your colonists and the enviroment they inhabit.I felt like I wrote a fair and balanced review, based on my experience with this game.I decided to play it a bit more, research its mechanics and the basics of how this game works and its community. This brought me to realize I was wrong, my earlier review was not fair.This game doesn't have any working mechanics, this doesn't have basic functions, this game is not just in the very early stages of development - Clockwork Empires isn't developing at all.Nobody knows how this game works, not even the people developing it. I read the official forums, andI see that the problems people are having, are not because of the bugs or them misunderstanding the various functions of this game. It is because there are no functions, there is no logic or reason to anything going on in the game.It is chaos. No reason, no logic, no basics - nothing to rely on. It is an utterly incomprehensible mess.The developers will at some point have to realize there is no way they can salvage this. Like other early access developers, there will come a point where they will be forced to abandon this project.http://clockworkempires.gamepedia.com/Clockwork_Empires_WikiThat is the link to the Clockwork Empires wiki. A place one goes to when you need a basic explanation of how something works in a game. The wiki contains no answers - no facts - no basics. Just rambling steampunk fantasy texts, but nothing in relation to how the game works, because it doesn't.IN CONCLUSION:Don't buy this. This is just a fantasy project. This will never turn into a game and you will have wasted almost 30 Euro on absolutely nothing. It is steampunk fanfiction visualised into some kind of bizarre abomination of a computer program.First I thought it might end up as a finished product, since the developers are so dedicated and obviously invested time and money into this. I get the feeling they put their heart and soul into this too. Sadly they built the foundation of their dream on top of quicksand, so no matter how much they work on this - it will inevitably sink down into the depths."
76561198015305880,Not Recommended,224740,19854852,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Skan,"Just bought this game, and I wish I had waited until it was maybe finished. Seems very clunky and the gameplay isn't very smooth. Would recommend that you wait until a finished product is released."
76561198011912721,Not Recommended,224740,25122685,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,ExplorerRowan,"Mac version still SUPER buggy and unstable. Not recommended it you're planning to play on Mac.It's still in Early Access, and I like the premise of this game, so I will happily update if this improves."
,Not Recommended,224740,19147128,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,The Asparagus Kid,"-----------UpdateStill recommending you hold off on buying.I have figured out a big part of the problem.  The dev team needs to fix the pacing and needs management.You need too many facilities on day 1 and your settlers work much too slowly.  Keep in mind that you start with around 9 people and they all work SLOWLY.* You need a lower class house for everyone to sleep in.  Building it will take about 3 days.* You'll need a carpenter, which gets built relatively quickly but still a little too long. - And assign an overseer to it.* The lower class house will also need beds, so you'll need cloth, which means you also have to build a textile workshop (this is where it starts adding up) and assign an overseer to it.* In order to get the flax you need for cloth, you'll have to make a farm for it and assign an overseer wtih a team team to it.* Keep in mind, these buildings take stone and wood so you'll need to have overseers wtih teams gathering those as well.* You need to feed everyone so you have to build a kitchen and assign an overseer to it, preferrably with a team.* The kitchen needs food to cook so you'll need to make another farm and assign an overseer with a team to it.* There are going to be bandits and fish people attacking soon (even if you decide to avoid conflict, your people will seek it out) so you need to build a barracks and assign an overseer with a team to it.* The CONSTANT fighting is going to require the services of a Barber (doctor) so build that and assign an overseer to it.* Within a few days, people will be complaining that they're sleeping below their station and they want a church.  To build either of these, you'll need a ceramics workshop so build it and assign an overseer to it.* You can forgo the church but it just adds more fighting because of cultists.* Settlers DO NOT DEFEND THEMSELVES - EVEN WHEN ARMED.  This is insane.  Once your guards have been whittled away, a single enemy will slowly destroy your entire settlement.  And even if they are eventually stopped, they kill valuable overseers making it impossible to keep up with the overwhelming basic needs of the settlement.End of update-----------------------------------------------------------Have ""played"" for several hours now.  Moves SO SLOWLY and takes forever to get anything done.  Feels more like a screensaver than a game.I was excited about this game because of all of the hype around the intelligence of the people making it and how intricate behavior would be.  It doesn't feel intelligent AT ALL.  There really isn't any good information presented to the player to help them know what's going on or why.  This game needs a TON of work in making it easier to understand what's happening with the people and the settlement.  Help me out a little.Fishpeople bring me gifts, drop them off, then proceed to attack and kill everyone.  Just keep your damn gifts, fishpeople!  I haven't even done anything to provoke an attack, much less the non-stop fish raids.Settlers with rifles just running around and getting killed by fishpeople instead of defending themselves.Again.... takes forever for colonists to get anything done.  They are demanding buildings that can't be provided because they can't even take care of the basics in a reasonable amount of time.  Waiting literal hours for jobs to get done is insane.As I write this, I'm down to 1 Overseer, fishpeople have been in my town, killing people, non-stop for reasons I don't know, and there is now an army preparing to invade me.  Losing like this would be great if I felt like I had anything to do with it.  Instead, I feel like the devs just have some lazy code in here.FINALFar from intelligent.Far fom done (hopefully).Far from fun."
76561197991360070,Recommended,224740,22316653,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Hardcore,"A bit wonky at the moment, but still very playable. Very good, and the full game will likely be game of the year. Love it. :D"
76561198285749610,Recommended,224740,26294746,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,青阳昭武公,"There are a lot of Chinese players enjoy the game, why not release Chinese version of it, so that more Chinese players to buy and enjoy it."
76561197985111542,Not Recommended,224740,11929046,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,turkisheho,doesnt work for me when i start a new game.  I use an nvidia geforce GT 540M.  Maybe a function of early alpha bugs.
76561198047232058,Recommended,224740,26234260,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Vincent Van Gogh,I was interested in the game and bought it despite the mixed reviews and I'm so glad that I did. The developers were really on the ball with this one. They put out updates so often that it was almost hard to keep up with. I'm real glad that the game finally game out of Early Access. You love Dwarf Fortress? You love Steampunk? This is the game for you!
76561198022241634,Recommended,224740,22446324,"Posted: 16 April, 2016",all,Gozzle,"Like Anno, but with more sinister underlying cultist unspeakable cosmic horror. Thoroughly enjoyed facilitating my colonists descent into madness."
,Not Recommended,224740,34943742,Posted: 14 September,all,xxrazzorbladesxx,it♥♥♥♥♥
76561198183610745,Recommended,224740,23247837,"Posted: 28 May, 2016",all,glory of  dead,"halo clockwork empires,i got suggestion if u add more job is doctor can faster heal soldier or civilian,and also got build the training center to train shooter i love this game so much"
,Recommended,224740,16276767,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,Otto Von Bismark,"Has potential but is still in early stages, some coding is basic and graphics have somthing to be desired."
76561198011827366,Recommended,224740,15551889,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,will,suprisingly one of the best city building games on steam.7/10
,Recommended,224740,27076289,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,talanas,Gotto give this game credit for its originality above anything else.
76561198052446590,Not Recommended,224740,29021563,Posted: 4 January,all,Richard80Oslo,"Was promised a linux port on release. I was stupid enough to believe it. No information either on the webpage, in their official forums or on their steam forums regarding a linux release. It might be a fun game, but I wouldn't know...."
76561197974403782,Not Recommended,224740,25935298,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,The Internet Janitor,"Releasing from EA buggy, unpolished, and with major features like multiplayer entirely cut. Unfortunate as the game had a lot of potential."
76561198214047152,Not Recommended,224740,26324118,"Posted: 30 October, 2016",all,benoit.bastien,game keeps crashing 30 $ in the toilet !
76561198193869257,Not Recommended,224740,26438076,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,theoppositejake,complete trash
76561198003694300,Recommended,224740,11777967,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Mick,"Interesting survival RTS game, but please do some more work on it. It unplayable, I have not worked out how to assign jobs to your settlers. I need to watcha turtorial video."
76561198260257232,Not Recommended,224740,28444198,"Posted: 18 December, 2016",all,rensheng630,"The ""Zones & Contrustruction"" Button is missing?Is it normal? or any bug?"
76561198121188858,Recommended,224740,12662687,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Mojo Jojo,10/10 VERY FUN game has a great future. its not a waste of money i can tell you that.
76561197966721701,Recommended,224740,26238183,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Father Ribs,"Town buildingColonial era steampunk ""British""CthuluCannibalismFish peopleMadnessCan'tStopPlaying...GET AWAY FROM THAT BLACK ROCK!!!"
76561198032969086,Recommended,224740,28389847,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,needsleep000,So much content and good humor. A must have if you love the colony management genre!
76561197999399886,Recommended,224740,31549468,Posted: 4 May,all,winters310190,Steampunk survival version of prison architecht.Enough saidEnjoy :)P.S always play through tutorials
,Recommended,224740,17523110,"Posted: 13 August, 2015",all,ForgeDrake,Never before has a fishperson chewing on my leg been so fun. 4/5
76561198002541353,Recommended,224740,26528511,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Shamrogorr,"Decent.  Would recommend a strong like of indirect management games, however."
76561198039040694,Not Recommended,224740,23147340,"Posted: 22 May, 2016",all,kreia,tutorial is utter crap spams bandits before you even think about military
,Not Recommended,224740,11835941,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,DrunkenSpud,"Its a good game but way to much bugs,AI needs alot of work,They dont responed well to jobs being tasked,Most of the time they sit around and wait to die,Game keeps crashing"
76561197968847284,Not Recommended,224740,12261187,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Massiv Igel,Simply does not work. Every time i try to start a game it stops working.
,Not Recommended,224740,19607773,"Posted: 10 December, 2015",all,Trezisc,"Games ♥♥♥♥ed dont buy not worth the price in its current state it's been in alpha for over a year and the game balance is horrible heres why.Food production is as such that you have to dedicate most of your citizens to the processBandits will steal large piles of stuff then stockpile it at a camp near your base with no way of retrieving said items as you cannot manually control your militiaAi is dumb, your citizens place items in the stockpile anywhere they please and then come back and stack it in a pileIn a day a citizen will skulk around maybe chop a tree transport a couple of items to the stockpile and ♥♥♥♥ around for half the day the progress is extremely slow and annoyingIt takes a good 3 weeks of in game days before you will even be able to put to bed most of your citizens a good couple of hours IRLFarming is ♥♥♥♥ed you have to dedicate a large proportion of your citizens to the task to produce the goods you need to progress at even a crawling paceIf you hate yourself buy this game, peace."
,Not Recommended,224740,25013160,"Posted: 19 August, 2016",all,Walter Sobchak,Just not a fun game. Very boring and slow paced and I love games in this genre.
76561198090208283,Not Recommended,224740,17420886,"Posted: 6 August, 2015",all,danieltregear24,"The game was awful, the ground and shadows would load and nothing else. I could see the game work as normal but everything was invisible.I contacted gaslampgames by email and am still awaitng a reply, i have since requested a refund from steam which was requested.I will not be buying anymore games from Steam as the quailty of this game was awful and the lack of support given by gaslapgames and also steam was abysmal.I would think twice about purchasing this game."
76561198127026755,Not Recommended,224740,14817994,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,Slane,No recommendation is good enough for this game ... paid $40aus for this to see a black screen and tried everything for to work ...but there is nothing... DO NOT GET SUCKED IN TO A BAD GAME
76561197991301669,Recommended,224740,26406128,"Posted: 3 November, 2016",all,"Camoes, Lulz de",Very good game with great AI!
,Not Recommended,224740,27825477,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,5 Bears On Patrol,Missing Executable.
76561198062193269,Recommended,224740,11770207,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,jordenjarvie,i would just like to know when the updates are gonna come so they can fix the crashing and the lack of a save button other then that this game is pretty damn cool for early stage
,Recommended,224740,34594771,Posted: 29 August,all,Dagonus,"I still have fun playing the game. Parts of the game are definitely shakey, but this is the most fun I've had in a town building game in a long time. It's sad that the game stopped getting attention after launch. I pre-ordered this game the minute it was available and while a lot of pre-ordering tends to have serious drawbacks, I don't regret this. The original goals of the game were ambitions. The music of the game is fun. The concept of the game is nifty. There's a lot more they could do, but apparently dev on the game is dead. That's a sad place. The currentl price might be a bit steep for it. But if it is on sale and you don't mind some bugs, then it is an enjoyable town builder with some lovecraftian steampunk goodness."
,Recommended,224740,31265846,Posted: 20 April,all,Amavin,This is the one of my favourite games.
76561198023577055,Not Recommended,224740,29413152,Posted: 21 January,all,Bender,Total garbage.
76561198048690393,Recommended,224740,26904733,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Valkor,Very strange game. Review for a bage. Read other reviews.
,Recommended,224740,15053617,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,Detective 0rdi,"....................../´¯/)....................,/¯../.................../..../............./´¯/'...'/´¯¯`·¸........../'/.../..../......./¨¯\........('(...´...´.... ¯~/'...').........\.................'...../..........''...\.......... _.·´............\..............(..............\.............\..."
76561198018263314,Recommended,224740,34703209,Posted: 2 September,all,ilkeloobo,"Very interesting game. I would recommend it, as experiment and not for 20 €. Very buggy, storyline incomplete and it cant be played without the community patch 0.9.5 (Huge thanks to those who made it). Bottomline cool but not cool."
,Not Recommended,224740,14936012,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,sardaukar_77,Do yourself a favor and play Tropico or another city builder game.
76561198014156875,Not Recommended,224740,25955216,"Posted: 9 October, 2016",all,Musket Squid,Can not recommend the game due to coming out of EA to early. Just to many bugs and gameplay issues to list.
,Not Recommended,224740,26240549,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Pie,"I was so excited by this, but it's released and it's not a 1.0 game."
76561198146753283,Recommended,224740,30154671,Posted: 24 February,all,[MR] Nic,deos anyone no how to get glass please help me great game very hard to understand not many guides sooo yea
76561198063429319,Not Recommended,224740,15944454,"Posted: 22 May, 2015",all,Coyos4,OPENGL OMG T^T
76561198015769552,Not Recommended,224740,11837335,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,polley,there is no color.  the menus are in color once im in game but the people are blacked out including all resources.
76561198009842113,Not Recommended,224740,26004745,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,PintoBean,The developers have grown bored with their own product and have decided to leave Early Access and move on.  So should you.
76561198062318422,Not Recommended,224740,26240805,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,clone6,"First of all... FYOU EA!!! This game had promise, but its another underfunded money grab!!! You have been warned, not worth a penney over 5Bucks! If that."
76561198007749092,Not Recommended,224740,11775101,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,TheBigMemer7,"A pretty broken Alpha, would recommend Dwarf Fortress over this any day."
76561198074388839,Not Recommended,224740,23125826,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,KvotheArcane,"I... i really want it.... i really want to like it.... but its broken. It really is, the graphics are not funtional to regular people, if you have the know how to format your computer, the money to upgrade it, or the capability to edit the game, you may be able to enjoy it..But when i got into the game (after it crashing countless times) i couldnt really play, to many things broken.  I prey that they fix it, and when they do i will probably buy it again.Also, to the developers, this game is early development, consider giving a reduced price (not just the sale) for people who try it this early.  Because the price will scare away people who would liked to have tried it."
76561198062036234,Not Recommended,224740,11760619,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Kaisers0ze,"Disguistingly unplayable. Looks like it would be really fun but good grief. Early access to constant glitches more than a game. :/  Really looking forward to getting to play the finished product. Unfortunately it seems like it has a REALLY REALLY long way to go. Very disappointed, even for early acccess."
76561198119577477,Not Recommended,224740,11800649,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,C Y K A   B L Y A T,do not recomend for windows 8 because it runs like crap
76561198041658520,Not Recommended,224740,12918719,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,rogerBravo,Doesn't work on Mac.
76561198067493972,Not Recommended,224740,22861336,"Posted: 8 May, 2016",all,DoktorHamster,"I'm utterly disappointed by this game.It had such promise.Such... Excitement!Such HYPEAaaaaand then they released it unfinished, calling it full of ""features"" that were actually bugs, and promptly drove the hype train off the tracks, down the hill, off the peer, where it's inhabitants were eaten by sea people.Overall:-4 / 10Would not be molested by sea people again.(Seriously, I actually preferred the Hentai.)"
76561197996738656,Recommended,224740,12165042,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Mythophile,"Although it's in early beta, it's playable without a ton of disruptive bugs. It's also getting monthly updates, and is a lot of fun to play. This is a vetted developer, so the odds of it getting abandoned are small. It's well worth it if you like the genre and want something different."
76561198005137388,Recommended,224740,12102118,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,JimmyD,"So I bought the game on Early Access and while I would recommend the game, I can say that after paying a pretty penny for it, I cannot believe that it crashes so much. It doesn't matter the settings I put it on, nor actions I take in the game. Getting past day three without a crash hasn't happened yet. Save games are buggy as well.While I enjoy games of this type immensely and this is a pretty nice look for the genre, there are a lot of kinks to work out. The finished product should do well, but the price point is a question in my mind. I rarely pay that much for a game and when I do, I like most people, expect a bit more in terms of options and customization.If you enjoy these types of games, my advice would be to wholeheartedly purchase the game. Just be prepared for an inordinate amount of frustration with the crashes."
76561198011932199,Recommended,224740,11986536,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,The Mad Scotsman,"Its such a fun game, you never know whats going to happen every time you play it. anything from evil cultists to fishpeople can cause problems but its fun everty time. its still buggy being an early access but thats to be expected but i would recomend this game to anyone"
76561197968397523,Recommended,224740,15216737,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,M@DoX,Awsome game! Can´t wait for it to be finnished!
76561198008478518,Recommended,224740,11792062,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Ranbato,"Nov 2015: This is now a proper early access game. There are some moments of watching paint dry. Crashes now few and far between. So much fun to be had. And plenty of potential to build on from here. Devs: Good job, well done. Delighted to have been proven wrong in my previous reviews.----------------------------------------------------------Well: One year later. A reply by the devs. What else can I do but download and give it another try.No crashes, and the game has improved. This is getting close to a proper early access release.At this point the game plays like watching paint dry. I will be trying again. There is soo much potential. And the team is starting to tap into that potential. The job system is STILL bugged. buildings go idle, and ignore any new production orders. THis one has a long way to go.--------------------------------------------------------------------There have been some upgrades, devs are working on the product. That is good.  The game is actually getting better. But just not anywhere near good enough not even for early access. Jobs are simply not getting done by the toons. who are standing idle. Basic stuff that should be caught not by users, but by devs.---------------------------------------------------------------------------Early acces... Very early access.... Still too early access.Fantastic potential. Cannot wait for th eupgrades. But the current version crashes too often.Wait for the upgrades: The devs may have messed this up completely looking at the trouble they have getting the load/save function to work. Check out the dev forum.After the 'major' upgrade on 10/18: Still completely unplayable. This is increasingly looking like a rip-off."
76561198015587612,Recommended,224740,18045567,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Shadowreaver,Still very early access but good.Some problems Pathfinding and other bugs but its a EAG so you should expect that.
,Recommended,224740,14869143,"Posted: 13 March, 2015",all,Ψ | Psi-Lapse,"I bought this game on an impulse via a certain PC gaming publication. And then, it sat there unsused for a while.Until about today when I picked up and actually played it.What follows are my thoughts.I have a crappy computer in regards to high end games. Its a laptop, assembled by HP. Its a pretty good laptop and it runs a lot of the games I like to play. It can't run games with too high graphics (Like portal sometimes) but it gets the job done. It has issues running Clockwork Empires. The camera panning is super laggy, and in all directions. Due to this, I might miss some things. Also my citizens lag around everywhere. I feel this needs corrected.The tutorial is good at teaching you the most basic aspects of the game, but fails to teach you about add-ons and modules, something that will become important later.Everything is called a 'node' here. Like, 'Clay node' or 'Rock Node' Why not just call it 'Clay' or 'Rock'? Its petty, sure, but it needs to be said.You are able to click and drag a white square about your world to get bigger jobs done. It works well, but again, its lags about  and doesnt start where I clicked orignally. Usually it starts somewhere below where I first clicked.You have stockpiles that allow you to visually see all the things you have collected. I like that. However it doesn't do a good enough job to inform me of my resources. I almost want to ask for just the amounts to be applied to the UI, as I feel it would be better to keep track of things.I'm going to go ahead and compare this game to Sim City 2000. (The best one in my opinion). Sim City 2000 made it quite clear what you needed, and where you needed it. If you needed more housing, you'd know right away. I feel the game could benifit from a similar feature. I realize the citizens tell you what they need via Icons and that's neat, but far too many of themoften go unexplained. (Happy faces, sad faces I can understand. A purple swirl? I couldn't know what that means.)So here's a shocker. Its worth the higher price. Its a great game of what I'm able to play well enough.Its got a sense of humor that only exists to those that read everything. ""Enough of this! I am going to go and eat tasty rocks."" I laughed at that. Keep it. its wonderful. I'm going to use that quip later, I know I will.This game has tons of potential but only seems to work on a computer that is not a potato.TL;DR Summary:+ Humor+ Options+ Music+ Decent UI+ Graphics are fine for what it is+Humor+ Tutorial is funny and gets the point across.- My Laptop stutters to play it- Menus are a bit long winded but I don't think there is much you can actually do- Loading takes a while- Tutorial leaves a few things out- I've suffered two crashes from loading aloneOverall; I'd say this is going to be a great game but jeez it needs work.I'd say Wait. Wait for it to improve more. But I would totally buy it again once it works on some of its biggest issues, as listed above."
76561197970250683,Recommended,224740,15025671,"Posted: 23 March, 2015",all,katana0182,"Great idea, great concept, and likely going to be a great game once feature complete, optimized, and fully debugged. On the other hand, very much a work in progress at this point in time (37A) with lots and lots of bugs."
,Recommended,224740,12214957,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Faith,"The game is amazing. Its ultra hard & at the moment crashes alot but if you played it, even for 10 minutes you will know how great it will be once all those bugs are eliminated. Im a die hard civilization fan and Im loving this game so far. This could be the start of something great."
76561198082857412,Recommended,224740,11899234,"Posted: 28 August, 2014",all,Train On Ur Mom,"THIS WAS MY REVIEW AS OF AUGUST, 28TH 2014I will not say this is my final review, after all it is an Alpha and I'm all for supporting game developers by purchasing the early access games that have sparked my interest in to enjoy a solid and fun final product. At this stage of the game's development constant crashing is an issue, making it near impossible to play. Though the game itself is beautiful and a breakthrough in RTS games. Lot's of potential and  look forward to making a more approving review in the future, though at this point, due to non-responsive commands and the constant game crashing, I would not recomend getting it.--------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------------THIS IS MY REVIEW AFTER PICKING THE GAME UP AGAINI've had hours of gameplay without a single crash and though still a bit floppy on the commands, more responsiveness that he game is actually playable and very enjoyable, the visuals seem to have been slighlty polished and newer options have been added.There are still some bugs happening, for example I went to place a module, was a furnace for the metalworks, which is lacking some responsiveness here in the sense that the module is not always placed on the first click or exactly where you want it. Not happy whith where it was I dismantled it but it still saved to that position though deleted, leaving 2 kelns but only 1 showing up in the module placing menu.Another Issue I had with modules was placing a module outside of a building by mistake, the supplies needed to nuild the module were still being delivered but the module couldn't be deleted.This issues with the modules are minor compared to the fun and steady gameplay that I've been having and that the game is now actually playable to the point it is reviewable. Looking forward to continue updating my reviews and waiting for future updates."
76561198263318359,Recommended,224740,20994981,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,dilip,Awesome game for strategic & simulation game lovers like me. cheers!
76561198010599588,Recommended,224740,20432575,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Lilystorm,This game is still quite buggy at the moment so you really have to have the patience for Early Access.However it's already really fun and when it's finished it's going to be amazing.
,Not Recommended,224740,20587194,"Posted: 17 January, 2016",all,Weathered Machine,"[Edited at the end]As a game in Alpha, it's a wonderful start!The graphics are clean and very nice (though the clicking of modules amongst each other leaves something to be desired, trying to pick out the right one) and the humour is perfect for a Lovecraftian-Steampunkish game. Different facets are being developed and integrated all the time, and it's compatible for most systems (I believe Linux is in the works - some graphics cards are still incompatible, but I don't know when or if they'll address that).The updates are regular and thorough, and the development team is very welcoming of input, suggestions and bug reports from players new and old. They're clearly extremely attentive and they care a great deal about making this game the best they can, and as fun as possible, which is an important factor for me. I admit I haven't forayed much into the Cultist side of things, but I've yet to really balance the ravenous insanity with a productive colony (got to keep working, don't you know!).Don't complain if your game crashes, or script errors appear - take screenshots, snag .dmp files and saves, and throw them on the forums!(https://community.gaslampgames.com/)They get looked at and either put on The List to fix, or addressed in short order.EDIT:I'm really sad that the game was pushed out of EA still buggy and crashing and not... done. And with two months' worth of silence from the developers, I'm suspecting that they've abandoned the game to its eventual fate.I probably should've waited, instead of wasting my money excitedly ._.So I change my recommendation - I'll leave the original up here for posterity though!"
76561198143771720,Recommended,224740,12196567,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Knight of Songs,"If I can describe the game in one sentence: If Banished/Gnomoria gameplay and Sunless Sea-esque lore got mashed together into an eldritch, steampunk city-builder game.The Good:- Organic gameplay complemented with well-tied in lore.-Unique and personalize colonists, each with traits, skills, and background history, memory of events that affect them in-game.-Fish people! Bandits! Obeliskians! Finally a settlement/city-builder game with a decent ""enemy"" and combat system.The Bad:- Still no graphic or performance setting option (As of version 55A)- Still a few non-game breaking bugs. Gabion placement are glitchy, etc.***It's been two years since I bought this game, and having revisit it this week, I've decided to write a new review to address the all new changes and fixes to the game. The game has improved vastly since 2014, in terms of both playability and stability. No more random crashes, thank the heavens, but there are still a few glitches with gabions. Other than the gabion issue, I have not experienced a crash in the 12 hour play session I logged last night. From what I seen the devs of CE stuck to their guns, addressing the myriad bugs in-game from before and were not afraid to overhaul game mechanism and the UI to optimize gameplay. That being said, some graphic or performance options would be appreciated, as this game does seem to have steep requirements.For those who haven't purchase the game, Clockwork Empires in a nutshell is a steam-punk themed settlement management game. You're place in charge of a few Victorian-esque settlers in the middle of a strange, hostile wilderness blanketed in a fog-of-war. You start out with just a few barrels of sausages and a small stack of logs, the rest of the resources and food you need must be gathered from the local surrounding, then processed and combined in the multitude of workshops you have yet to build. Everything takes time (and attention from your diligent overseers and their subordinate labourers) to complete, whether its building construction or goods production.Sharing the wilderness with you are bandits, hostile foreigners, man-eating fish people, giant beetles, and other unmentionables that won't shy from throwing a wrench into your colonial operation. The occasional demonic alien Obeliskian onslaughter is particularly effective in reducing a unprepared settlement into a charred pile of rubble and bodies. Within your own colonial population, you have to worry and guard against starvation, epidemic depression, cults, and unsuspecting axe-murderers. Needless to say, the game throws out plenty of challenges and random events to keep the player on his/her toes and provide some good laughs and WTF moments. Yet, there is no feeling of a grind, and once you get the hang of dealing with these base threats and obstacles, you'll find time to expand, consolidate, and enjoy your colonial gains.CE has a redeeming quality and feel that I can only describe as organic. The day and night cycle is visually rendered in-game. Resources like forgeable plants and trees grow back slowly after being picked and chopped, and local fauna wander about the map foraging. Corpse slowly turn into skeleton and bones. Ominous lights and noises queues when things are about to get real. In CE your colonists are not just mindless sprites or peons - each one of them is an individual character with his or her own unique set of skills, personality, beliefs, likes, and fears. These traits are not just for show; most of them carry actual in-game consequences. Skills for your overseers affect how fast or well they produce goods in workshops, gather resources, or fight enemies if they assigned as militia. Skills level up for tasks that an overseer frequent does and there's also a Training Academy when they can take time off to school themselves and raise certain skills. Personality traits also affects how overseers and labourers work and respond to their surroundings. If a colonist has the trait ""Craven"", you might want skip him or her on a spot in the militia. Your colonists also socialize and forge relations with each other, and again these social interactions and relations bare impact in-game. It's almost like Sims.The game gives you the opportunity to view a profile of each colonist under your control, where you can view their status, activities and thoughts in detail. Your colonists have needs, and they can and do get tired, hungry, or moody. If you meet their needs, they would work more efficiently and cause less trouble for you. Some colonists have unique needs, but for the most part if you feed them well, give them booze and a bed, and make sure they/their friends don't get murdered on a daily basis, they'll stay happy and work diligently. If their needs are chronically unfulfilled, you would definitely see work slow down and the whole population domino into a melachonic state ripe for destruction by a bandit raid or pending disaster.Even little individual things can come together have a huge impact on the day-to-day running of your colony. In one instance, I had one overseer devolve into a state of depression after losing a friend to a Obeliskian invasion. This particular overseer was the star cook in my colony's kitchen, churning out food for an entire colony of 50. After the incident, he stopped working and moped around town. Eventually, I was facing a food shortage. Adding labourers to his crew did nothing to address the slowdown in the kitchen. In the end I reassigned him as a cushy bartender, and had a less-talented overseer hold the fort for a while. After a few days, I reassigned the fella back into his old kitchen,  and he back to cooking like his old self.Random events come every several days to shake off monotony in the colony. These events range from a passing artist hoping to score a free meal or your miners having awoken a monster from the depths of the earth. Some of the more dire, dastardly events are linked to your ""Disturbance"" level, an arbitrary counter which gauged how much your colony had disturbed the natural surroundings. Most often, the event simply signals the arrival or imminent arrival of hostile forces bent on your colony's destruction, other times its incidents that take a much odder or darker turn. You are often provided with choices of actions during these events.CE also includes different factions in-game. Some of these factions, like bandits and fish people inhabit the map alongside you. Your interactions with these on-map  mobs can be both hostile or non-hostile, with non-hostile options opening up a host of interesting benefits and consequences. There are also other foreign powers that show up occasionally to trade or invade. The diplomatic and warfare options available in-game are plentiful and varied;  combined with the organic nature of gameplay, they keep things interesting. On more than one occasion my colony was saved from utter ruin from hostile attack by the timely arrival of a friendly trade partner's caravan, who's escorts handily lend their fire to my defences.Things like this keep gameplay interesting and deviate from the usual monotony of micro-management in games of this genre. CE really has a way of immersing players into its lore and setting, which it brings alive with interesting and well thought-out game mechanics and options. While it had a rocky start (as with most alphas), I can now honestly say it's a game worth buying and playing. That being said, there's plenty of room for improvement, but most of these improvements center on technical aspects, such as the ability to change graphic options beyond screen resolution and a few bugs that still need ironing out. Given the amount of attention the devs have paid to player suggestions over two years of development, I'm confident that these issues would be resolved eventually."
,Not Recommended,224740,17994870,"Posted: 12 September, 2015",all,Foxy,"Fantastic little game that offers A LOT of fun for the money! The state of the game wasnt the best but constant updates make it better every week or two.If it stays the way it is with just a bit more polish and maybe a little smarter workforce it´s already well worth the money but I am sure it will become even better with time.I don´t give a thumbs up for many games but this one truly deserves it.WARNING: They have ruined the game!!!By changing the way to do things from a ""drag to select"" to a ""stamp"" mode they have managed to ruin this great game completely! If you want to start a colony now you have to ""stamp, stamp, stamp"" like a idiot to get rid of the jungle blocking your building area!!!I have told them in the steam discussion about this issue but they claim that it is more important to give new players a ""more intuitive"" way of doing things and even thou I asked if it could at least remain as a switchable option in the menu they decided to cater to the dumbest people (who dont understand that if you make huge work areas the work crew will take a long time to finish) instead of having good gameplay for people who know what they are doing."
76561198018954276,Not Recommended,224740,26004139,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,phoenix1911,"Early access has had its fair share of ups and downs (as to be expected) but my experience has been a positive one. The devs have released updates on regular schedule and I hope post-release support will be just as good.Clockwork Empires is going to make you laugh, it is going to make you think, and at times it will frustrate the hell out of you. It has consumed an immense amount of my time and I continually find myself coming back for more punishment.The game definitely still has some kinks to be worked out but I recommend it for people who are looking for a society builder, don't mind having limited control over everything, and have a good deal of patience (or a sadistic sense of humor).Edit: had to change review due to lack of post release support. The game is unfinished and it looks like the devs either gave up or are going out of business."
76561198057992835,Not Recommended,224740,26607902,"Posted: 14 November, 2016",all,Avarasai,"UPDATE: Do not buy, this game is confirmed abandonware.I've had this game since fairly early in its EA period, and have watched it grow and develop along the way. I've logged a little more than 100 hours in-game; Some of these were incredibly enjoyable, others were immensely frustrating. For those who don't want to read my more detailed analysis, here is the summary of it all:1) The game does play more like an EA game than a full release.2) There are bugs and UI issues that should have been resolved.3) It would have flourished even more with another six months of development.4) It's still worth the money and the above doesn't take away from the fact that given the opportunity, I would purchase it again.It is undeniable that there are things that should have been fixed before release. It does crash, it does have blips and bumps in gameplay that are unpolished, and it does feel as though the game devs said ""good enough"" when they should have commited to another few months of work at the very least. It is difficult, mainly due to utilizing way too many system resources and code instability, to hit the 100 population mark. I acknowledge that these are still problems and ones that, for many people, are unacceptable to the point of asking for refunds or refusing to play. However, I have and will continue to recommend this game to friends. Here's why:- The graphics, sound and style are completely unique. I've logs thousands of hours in city builders and economy sims, as those are my favorite genres. There is nothing like it on the market. It's a genuinely unique game experience that has carved out its own niche. Given the complexity of it all, it's also likely to stay that way.- The bugs, while present, are few and far between. I tend to play fairly heavily modded games, so perhaps stability simply isn't something that I am used to. However, that being said, I have played 10+ hour marathons of this game without it crashing. I average maybe 1 CTD per 3-4 maps, and I've played several to the near-hundred population mark. With the auto-saves that are built in and enabled by default, I have never lost more than 5 or so minutes worth of work. I don't find it a deal-breaker at all.- It is challenging, and it can be unforgiving. For some, that might also be a deal-breaker. For me, that's the essence of fun. Mistakes you made in the earliest moments (I'm looking at you, 3-square-wide alleyways between my houses) will come back to haunt you, but it won't be until twelve, thirteen, or even twenty hours into a map. That tight little layout that you designed out on graph paper before you built a single building in-game? Yeah, that's going to be an absolute death trap when the bandit army comes calling and your villagers try to stampede through it in an attempt to escape.- It is varied. No two maps will ever play out the same. A cult might summon a fish-person army to sack your city in one game but your priest may lose his mind and torch your humble homestead in the next.-Ultimately, and this continues to be the driving sentiment behind my relatively positive outlook on the game, the devs actually do care about the player base. Every issue we rose in EA was met with a solution or a compromise, or at the very least an explanation. They're communicative, responsive, and timely about changes. These aren't people that are going to screw off in the next few months and abandon ship; Despite what people have said in the recent days about the devs simply getting bored of the game and dumping it, I've seen absolutely nothing to indicate that this is the end. Things will get better, and things will improve. I have complete faith in that."
,Not Recommended,224740,26392190,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,{SoR} Blackfire1,"UPDATE: DAMN IT.... Abandonware... AGAIN. Did I get my $15 worth of fun? Sure, I guess.But I had hopes for Gaslamp. Devs moved on and abandoned the game. Don't buy. Let this game die the same death as Towns and Spacebase-9.DO NOT BUY. Not even for cheap.I was dropped in the middle of nowhere with no way to plant food and no level ground to build. I spent most of my starting population tereforming land so I could survive. Fish people would say hi, steal my childeren then ♥♥♥♥ off. (there are no childeren). I finally managed to build a farm with my last surviving family. Government felt bad and send me more people.Score.I get wiped off the map by two waring factions (nation & bandits).10/10 would struggle to start a farm again."
76561198009903018,Not Recommended,224740,22410030,"Posted: 14 April, 2016",all,Corwin86,"So... what to say?I just add: still a good game, but... another game suddenly rushed to an end (as far for Early Access).Ok, also don't bothering about missing features (multiplayer, more contents, better UI system, and so), this game is clearly not finished and especially the AI needs more, MORE, more, effort!Sadly, is a good game, maybe it eventually be better, but I really don't like this sort of release: no explanations, rushed release, no explanation on what this will become (it will improved, and when?).This is not correct, and so... it's only this!---Pretty solid game, already had (for now) about 20 hours of fun.Be warn that, however, the game is still bugged (not much, but not less: a medium level): the game is fun and really interesting, reminds me a little of olds management games (like Bullfrogs used to create) and you can manage to play it also in the current state, but AI is still to improve and you'll quite often see many small bugs.In the end, a solid concept and a good purhcase, expecially if you can wait for a little discount."
,Not Recommended,224740,26235437,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,Kris xK,Abandoned
76561198030892147,Not Recommended,224740,31662342,Posted: 10 May,all,77,"Had a lot of fun playing this game during Early Access. There were a few bugs, and was hoping for more features around random events. Seems the game was abandoned by the developer abruptly.... It came as a surprise to me as I still played this game on and off everytime they updated it. This was shaping out to be a really good game, considering that strategy+simulation games are one of my fav. mix of genres and releases in this genre are few and far between.And this is why you don't buy Early Access games.... Seems it's very rare for games to come out of Early Access successfully, after this game I have refused to buy any other EA game no matter how promising they look during EA. I don't mind supporting developers, but there's just too many cases of developers folding or overpromising that I just can't justify myself to support developers during their development process."
,Recommended,224740,31018250,Posted: 8 April,all,Steveo's,The is game is not as bad you can do loads of cool stuff just need to plan your survival of your Empire
76561197970809374,Not Recommended,224740,16048070,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Catt,"Update:The game is never going to be much more than it is today. There is a patch and some great work by folks to shore up the game to make it playable but it will not go much further.. The company no longer.. Still, even though I do rate this now as a negative it is a good summer/winter sale game and the achievements are working so there is that..For an early access game, this is very fun to play!!Yup it has some bugs - but it has Developers working on them - no really they even read the forums!!!Yup it isn't finished yet - granted if it keeps its pace it will be Freaking Fantastic!!Pros:This Game has active dev cycle with player inputThis Game has active players and dev working together -IS vaporware now is less then a few of the other games I payed for :)Clockwork Empires is a fun twist on small city building with cults :) cannot wait for this to happen in the game!Cons:Costs a lot for an alpha - so don't buy it - wait and see if you would like it when completedIt does crash - and sometimes gets buggy - report it - they read and state where that bug is in the fix listUses a ton of resources on the computer - again i heard they are fixing this issue..Side note -if you find a bug - avoid it - and report it -sounds crazy right - but I play alphas to give input and help to make a game better - assuming dev listens to me -AND they do!! (the developers i work with in RL listen less to bugs that are reported)Sum it up -Fun Fun Fun - did i mention cults??Great Dev interactions -better graphics than most alphas!!Still buggy and crashy - which no one is saying it isn't this way - yay the pain of alphas :)"
,Not Recommended,224740,31739415,Posted: 13 May,all,sku11knight,This game clearly isn't finished even after two years. Do not buy
76561198007070190,Not Recommended,224740,23128250,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,The Halcyon Age,Unfortunatley the game has been abadoned rather buggy and unfinished and it seems the developer has completely disolved.
76561197970623713,Not Recommended,224740,26381415,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Pact,This was such a nice concept for a game. But they didn't care to fix it or create a community around it. Abandoned.
76561198028143272,Not Recommended,224740,19983071,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,cas2013,Overall a very solid game if you can get past the slow frame rate and glitches. personally I have not seen anything that is game breaking yet and have througholy enjoyed building thriving colonies. The game needs to be optimized and some rough edges need smoothing out but compared to alot of early access games on the market this one is good.Edit 2017Sadly a now dead and abandoned project. dont buy it.
76561198052841634,Not Recommended,224740,26233594,"Posted: 26 October, 2016",all,TerranTechnocrat,"I feel like this game, especially its concept, had promise, but unfortunately the developers - Gaslamp Games, Inc - seem to have fallen apart, so it seems Clockwork Empires will never be finished."
76561198096369047,Not Recommended,224740,20176280,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Turkey,Development stoppedAnother one bites the dust
