user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,224920,8107609,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Ov3RT4K3R,"Soul Reaver begins hundreds of years after Blood Omen and works from the premise that when you, as Kain, were given the choice of sacrificing yourself to save the world of Nosgoth or ruling it, you chose the latter, plunging the world into darkness. Over the millennia, Kain and his vampiric lieutenants evolved new abilities, with Kain always developing them first and the others soon following. When Raziel, the ""hero"" of the new game, grew wings before his leader did, Kain saw it as blasphemy, tore them from Raziel's back, and cast him into a giant swirling watery grave.After his features have been almost completely eaten away by the water, Raziel is saved by a being known as the Elder God, who sets him on a quest to free the world from the parasitic influence of the vampire clans and destroy Kain.For the time of the release of the game the graphics are good. The levels are fairly big and well designed.The movement is smooth and clean.The sound, for the most part, is excellent. The voice acting is some of the best I have heard.Overall, Legacy of Kain: Soul Reaver is an excellent game and if you like adventure games with puzzles, this game is for you.Sounds 7/10Graphics 5/10Gameplay 9/10Atmosphere 9/10If you liked my review, please feel free to follow me and/or my curator group:http://steamcommunity.com/id/Ov3RT4K3R/myworkshopfiles/?section=guideshttp://steamcommunity.com/groups/orcollective#curationAlso feel free to check out my YouTube Channel:https://www.youtube.com/channel/UC83DYCmrWfl9ttrhX54jmWA"
,Not Recommended,224920,13463799,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,PookPunk,"Good game...BAD PORT. Why? Not optimized for modern hardware like the store page insists. It's riddled with; polygon clipping/ glitching issues, random crashes during certain areas in levels, and NO xbox360 controller compatibility.Steam needs to get stricter with publishers when it comes to distrubuting older games. This game isn't the only game that is not optimized for current gen hardware. They need to get publishers to update these games with compatibility issues. Quite honestly I feel ripped off and I was! And no refund policy? You got to be kidding me!As I said before, it's a good game just a terrible port. Pick up the PlayStation or Dreamcast versions and there are VERY EASY ways to do that...which in this case I feel would be EXTREMELY JUSTIFIED!Thank you Steam/ Square Enix...I hope you enjoyed my ""donation""...but what did I get?"
,Recommended,224920,32189192,Posted: 4 June,all,MateusAuri,"Amazing game. One of my all-time favourites, alongside Shadow of the Colossus, Metal Gear Solid 3 and Okami.This game does not get the love it deserves, and it makes me sad.You might have heard (and already forgotten by now) of Nosgoth. Well, if that's your idea of Legacy of Kain, please forget it. There is so much more to be appreciated in here than a shallow online shooter about vampire hunters and superpowered vampires.I like to describe the earlier LoK games as simplified, darker, grittier counterparts to their Legend of Zelda contemporaries. Not only because I believe this will easily draw people's attention to them, but because they really kind of feel alike, gameplay-wise.Blood Omen (the first game in the franchise, still unavailable on digital PC game stores such as Steam or GOG, unfortunately) kind of feels like A Link to the Past, with its early action-RPG gameplay and 3/4 perspective, although it might come as a distant, and a bit uglier, cousin to Diablo, aesthetically.Soul Reaver strays further from the comparison, this time done to Ocarina of Time, but it still fits in. It lacks many of the features which add depth to OoT, but you stil get an similar action-adventure quest. Z-target-ish combats, an world that opens up for you to explore as you're given cool new abilities, the spectral-physical world duality (which can be compared to the young-adult timelines from OoT), the fast-travel portals (as opposed to ocarina tunes)... you'll probably only miss talking to random people, the inventory, the ruppees, riding a horse and fighting deadly chickens.This Zelda-like gameplay turns out to be quite fun, as you use your bare hands, ""spectral blade"" or grab regular weapons from the scenery to fight the most peculiar kinds of vampires until they're prone to a finishing blow (any of the classic vampire-killing techniques, except using crosses and throwing garlic at them), and finally consume their souls (hence the title). There is also a very interesting use of the scenery with the spectral/material shifting mechanic. Some of the boss fights are pretty cool too, and they give you the new abilities I mentioned before.The game counts with a pretty interesting storyline, which over the time has developed into its own mythologic lore. It is fueled by great voice acting by a cast of very talented actors. Heck, I could spend a day just watching footage from the recording sessions (which are included in the extra content from Soul Reaver 2 and Defiance if I'm not mistaken).The soundtrack is nothing to write home about, but it does sound cool and work well within the game. It is mostly based on Information Society's ""Ozar Midrashim 1.1"" (undescribably amazing song, do check it out, right now, grab your headphones, crank'em to 11, please). In fact, the original song does play during the beautifully pre-rendered FMV intro, sans that weird intro about the huge holographic Ronald McDonald, obviously.The graphics, although technically dated, are balanced with a fascinating visual identity of a decadent gothic world, painted by the alternating color palettes of the cold, dead spectral realm and the warmer physical one. If you have the chance, play the Dreamcast version, which looks better, in spite of that weird controller.There are some minor drawbacks, though. You may find the long, unskippable and unsubtitled dialogues/monologues to be kind of boring at times, and they come through quite often. The combat tends to get stiffy and awkward once in a while, especially if you try to confront many enemies at the same time. The occasional platforming (hands-in-hands with the dated controls) can get annoying, as in most games of this era. Some of the block-pushing puzzles will annoy you. You may also get lost sometimes, as in not knowing where to go or what to do, so pay attention to what people(?) say to you in the game. Oh, and the game ends on a cliffhanger, but that's not such a big problem anymore, since you can get Soul Reaver 2 just as easily right now.As for details about running this specific version of the game on my Windows 10 machine, check the comments.On a closing note, I have huge respect for the Crystal Dynamics team and what they achieved here, while facing the budget and time constraints that were set upon them. And also how they managed to build such an universe out of pieces of different projects throughout the franchise so far (long story). Funnily enough, the cut content from this game kind of worked as the path to the making of its sequels.Nowadays, many games seem to be influenced by this one (or share the same influences, at least). After this, I recommend you to play Darksiders and Batman: Arkham Asylum too if you haven't already. Shadow of Mordor is another one I can add to this list, because it is incredibly similar to a LoK spin-off, Dead Sun, that was cancelled around the time of SoM's release.In a related fun fact, if you're not aware, most of this series has been written and directed by Amy Hennig, best known for her work in the Uncharted original trilogy.Crystal Dynamics, please bring this back like you did to Tomb Raider.That would be wonderful."
76561198090113121,Recommended,224920,12568611,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,GetInYourBox,"top five favorite games of all time.  storyline, puzzles, real vampires that dont sparkle, soul eating, this game has it all!!"
,Recommended,224920,16833802,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,(TGG) The Galvanizing Gypsy,"Soul Reaver""Tumbling, burning with white-hot fire, I plunged into the depths of the abyss. Unspeakable pain... relentless agony... time ceased to exist... only this torture... and a deepening hatred of the hypocrisy that damned me to this hell. An eternity passed, and my torment receded, bringing me back from the precipice of madness.  The descent had destroyed me... and yet I lived."" ~RazielThis game, to me, was the start of the Legacy of Kain series. Although, technically, that was actually Blood Omen. As a matter of fact, the first Blood Omen unknowingly set the stage and essentially serves as the backdrop for all of the Legacy of Kain games. In Soul Reaver however, you do not actually play as Kain. Instead, you play as one of his vampiric lieutenants, Raziel. But almost immediately, things immediately go bad as when Raziel approaches Kain and shows that he has evolved by gaining a set of wings (the first evolution of all of Kain's vampiric brood), Kain considers this a transgression against him. In an act of rage, he rips your wings from you, and then has you thrown into the Lake of the Dead. Burning, trapped in the abyss, Raziel reaches the bottom but he is lifeless, his body practically destroyed.But centuries pass, and Raziel awakes, somehow still alive, but a twisted shell of who he once was. Then, as he looks around at his surroundings in the Abyss, an onimous voice booms: ""Raziel, you are worthy."" This being, only ever referred to as ""the Elder God"" in the Legacy of Kain games, claims that it is he who is responsible for your rebirth, or rather... your undeath. He calls you his Soul Reaver, and gives you the mission of hunting Kain down, for it is him that is responsible for the decay and ruin of the world, Nosgoth. But to reach Kain, Raziel will have to also hunt down and kill his vampiric brothers, long since corrupted while Raziel was away from the mortal world. Raziel himself had only just gained a set of wings before his execution, but his brothers... they had became monstrous to say the least.This game, like all of the other games up until Nosgoth, are action adventure games. As this is a PC port of a game that is  sixteen or so years old, it's important to have reasonable expectations. For instance, some textures may flicker or not appear properly like they were meant to every once in a while. Controller support for this game is unfortunately borked, for when I tried to use my 360 controller, it appeared to work at first, but then Raziel would not stop moving at all. I at first recoiled in disgust and anger, using keyboard controls, but eventually became used to it and also remembered how much I still loved this game so it didn't matter to me after a while. Controller support does in fact apparently work for the other Legacy of Kain games, although, I can only confirm this for Soul Reaver 2 as that is the only other one I've started to play after finishing the first Soul Reaver. Personally, Soul Reaver 1 crashed for me about five or so times. But as you can save at any time while playing the game, I shrugged it off and considered it only a mild annoyance.Yet, keyboard controls aside, I found combat as fun as it always had been in this game. As most of the enemies you face are vampiric in nature, simply knocking it down and shouting mean words isn't enough. Either pick up a weapon, impale, and then devour their soul, or beat them down a bit, grab them, and toss them either into water, a spike, or onto a fire. Combat becomes a simpler matter once you obtain the Wraith Blade, however, if you get hit and are no longer at full health, you lose it, forcing you to go back to the earlier methods. Another thing I always loved about this game is the bosses aren't ""hit it until it's dead"". A spider boss? Grab its eggs, set them on fire, and toss them back at them. A boss that is immune to water but not sunlight? Break some windows to let a little sunshine in and watch as it screams in agony. A certain boss near the end of the game that is invulnerable otherwise, you literally lure into a gigantic incinerator and burn him alive. There are only two specific boss fights that are... well, disappointing, and honestly, frustrating.As you adventure through the wastelands of Nosgoth, as an undead vampire turned Soul Reaver, you have the ability to go between both the spirit world and the material one. As a matter of fact, if you run out of health in the material realm, you are forcibly sent back to the spirit world until you consume enough souls to regain your strength. Unfortunately, this does somewhat make there be little stakes in the game... as you can only receive an actual game over if you run out of HP in the spirit world. It makes bosses an easy matter as well. Get sent to the spirit realm, eat souls, find a portal, and try again until you win. Still, I always (and still do) thought that going in and out of the spirit world to bypass obstacles and solve puzzles was such a cool thing to do. I just love the visual effects it has on the world. It's not literally just the absolute same area but with a blue tint, no, these columns become shorter in the spirit world, allowing you to climb up them and then using a portal, you're back in the material world in an area that would have otherwise been inaccessible.Eventually, when playing this game, it becomes second nature, but I'll just say it beforehand: ""If you are in a spot and are seemingly stuck and it absolutely seems like a dead end, transfer over to the spirit realm.""Perhaps for me, the only truly infuriating aspect of the gameplay of the game is... well, block puzzles. I can't blame the game for having puzzles, no, but good god, if you actually explore the side areas, there are just so many block puzzles. There are other puzzles that are not block related but every time I ran into another one that did involve blocks I just... I hate block puzzles so much.But in the end, I recommend this game (and series, as I wouldn't consider this a spoiler whatsoever, but Soul Reaver 1 ends by directly leading into Soul Reaver 2, so I don't know why you'd buy and play Soul Reaver 1 and then not buy and play Soul Reaver 2) not for its gameplay but... well, for everything else. The story, the music, the voice acting, the atmosphere. As long as you are able to appreciate an old game (and be willing to use keyboard controls) and move past the issues of... well, less than perfect PC ports, you'll probably enjoy this game/series.So yes, even though I somewhat feared that the nostalgia I felt for this game was greater than the game itself, I was pleasantly surprised. It's not perfect of course, but it's very much worth playing.One last thing to note, though. A couple of days ago, one of my friends actually recommended Nosgoth to me. I said I had it in my Steam library, and had been meaning to try it out because I loved the original Legacy of Kain series. He responded with: ""What's Legacy of Kain?"".8/10."
,Recommended,224920,10899721,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,vampiric.demise,One of the greatest games for PS1/PC! Soul Reaver has such a good storyline that spans over several games after it while taking history from its precursor: Blood Omen Legacy of Kain. HIGHLY recommend this and Legacy of Kain series.
76561198025257368,Recommended,224920,18981646,"Posted: 9 November, 2015",all,the.fatal.cure,"I didn't grow up with an N64, so this was the PlayStation equivalent of Zelda, but with vampires and gore. Instant classic."
,Recommended,224920,13846229,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,ratsch☆bumm,If you think that all joypad games are casual - you're wrong. Don't care the game is 16 y.o. 'Legacy of Kain: Soul Reaver' is a true diamond.Diamonds are forever.PS nominated it in “Test of Time” Award
,Recommended,224920,11987292,"Posted: 5 September, 2014",all,LieutenantCommanderData-XGP,One of the Best Adventure PS1 game i Ever PlayedStory 10/10 You can never beat the Classic
,Recommended,224920,8125061,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,DeadlyBuzz229,"Pure excellence, a childhood favourite of mine. 10/10"
,Recommended,224920,13860316,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Twisted_omeN,"(Ignore my time on record as I've spent most of my playtime offline)Easily one of my most favorite games of all time! I remember playing this on the original Playstation like it was only yesterday. In my mind this game set the bar very high for what video games were capable of. Wonderfully written script and rich dialogue, Extremely clever puzzles that make you consider all possibilities. A unique and large open world game that managed to pull off one of the first concepts of streaming data directly from the disk, cutting out loading screens from area to area. Crystal Dynamics had outdone themselves when making this game, and it's a shame that we don't get games like this more often.By today's standards this game would be considered a little rough around the edges (remember, this is 1999 we're talking about), but if you can look past its dated graphics and very rare glitches you will find a well crafted story with unique characters, all of whom are well rounded and are even pursuing their own goals.Following the noble vampire Raziel, now turned undead wraith, on his journey to seek revenge for the betrayal of his creator Kain, you will find that the world they inhabit is dark and desolate, but not without reason. As their destinies unravel, you soon realize that there is more at stake than just Raziel's personal vengeance.The Legacy of Kain: Soul Reaver is heavy on storytelling and puzzle solving, but the combat isn't the best (in fact the combat is terrible). Many of the puzzles are far from obvious. Some are on such a large scale that you may have to visit several areas just to solve one and move on, but they are definitely rewarding as the further you go the more you learn of kain's actions, Raziel's resolve, and this dark, slowly dying world and how it came to be the way it is.I have tried this on several computers and can easily say it runs quite well on modern machines. It runs on essentially any resolution, although I'd recommend playing at 4:3 resolution as that is what this game was made for. Widescreen works, but the game stretches. If it doesn't run well on yours then there may be a complication or something affecting its performance.There is a problem with the audio, however. Sometimes the audio suffers from problems and you may miss some dialogue and key ambiant effects without realizing it, but it's easy to figure out as you can identify it when the sound starts to get choppy or, say, when you jump and the grunting noises you normally hear are missing. It's an easy fix, simply quit and restart. Now I know some people might find this a daunting task, and all I can do is assure you that this game is well worth the time and patience.When I saw this game on steam, I was a little apprehensive to play it at first, as I was afraid my nostalgia would cloud the fact that this may be a terrible game after all. But once I ran it, I fell in love with it all over again. It can stand on it's own merits, and comes from a time where people were more worried about clever storytelling and breaking new ground than trying to introduce exclusive features and new DLC packs to increase product longevity. It's a masterpiece from another era, and shows that video games can be more than the generic ""Action Adventure"" label that is used to describe them.Iwholeheartedlyrecommend this game and any other in the Legacy of Kain series."
76561198049404283,Recommended,224920,7829378,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Flamebird,"This is a classic game, a must have!"
,Recommended,224920,19416233,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Dr. Kushenstein's Monster,one of my favorite games on playstation from back in the day! they need to make a reboot of this.
,Recommended,224920,12697634,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Artibius,"PROS:+ awesomely amazing story+ cool game soundtrack+ great voice acting+ original concept (for both story & gameplay)+ challenging combat+ boss fights+ two realms - physical and spectral+ puzzles+ atmosphere of NosgothCONS:- clunky and outdated graphics- occassional audio glitches- controls are difficult (but customizable at least)- open ending hinting to Soul Reaver 2- can have compatibility problems on some PCsComment:I will be honest to you from the start - I am biased towards this game. It has been a fundamental pillar in my gaming life, it was one of the first PC games I played and I love it. Just look at my avatar - it's Raziel. First time playing it was way back in 2002 but I have fond memories of how awesome this game was. Yes, I can see the flaws it has today, it did not age that well ... but please hear me out. Soul Reaver is a game that was revolutionary in it's time. It combines combat and puzzles in the big post-apocalyptic world of Nosgoth. Both are difficult so if you like more casual games I guess this one is not for you. The game does not take your hand, you have to try stuff out for yourself. And die a lot in the process. But not really die since this game created a great mechanic of shifting between physical and spectral realm. So if you die in the physical world you shift to the spectral one. If you die in the spectral world you reset at the Elder God. You can however shift when you want and this gives the game it's dynamic feeling. Boss fights feel very satisfying when you finish them. You also get a power from each boss you beat, adding extra layer of gameplay each time. All of this was fun, but the story and narrative is why I LOVE this game! The story telling is what this game nailed - from the writing to the voice acting. Plus it has a really cool soundtrack as well. Some downsides are here as well, the game is old so graphics and compatibility are not that great, though it runs fine on my Win7 laptop. The open ending can also be annoying for some people, although it is not that bad (and continues well in SR2). And I could write all day about this game but I will stop right here because you already know if you want it or not from what you have read. I will end this review and give one of the most true and heartfelt recommendations I ever gave on Steam!------------------------------------------------------------------If you liked this review you can find more on theCurator pageor in myReview Corner."
,Recommended,224920,13227051,"Posted: 4 December, 2014",all,Botharien,Best Game ever made. The story and game experience is better than the games they create now. 10/10 from me
,Recommended,224920,13101258,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,PREDATARRRR,"The game that spawned a completely amazing yet incredibly confusing series (I'm not counting Blood Omen because that's a different part of the lore). Take on the role of Raziel as you destroy the monsterous vampiric spawn of your now demonicly-mutated bretheren with weapons such as spears, fire, burning light, and water (Wait, really? Is water actually a vampiric weakness in some lore?) Oh, and let's not forget the wraith version of the famous SOUL REAVER, the most badass weapon of all weapons, because it's the GHOST OF A SWORD!!!!!!Seriously though, this is my 2nd favorite game of all time, and while the steam version is a little pain-in-the-assy to get running, it was worth reliving some childhood memories.(Also, I've played this more than steam says, now it for some reason doesn't register when I'm playing it.)"
76561197995669628,Recommended,224920,12660389,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,Sorokonojka,"One of the best story driven video games with amazing voice acting , great immersion , chilling music and fun gameplay .Soul Reaver is a 3D platformer with 2 realms (material and spectral) which you can use to solve puzzles and bypass enemies . Physics in each realm behave differently which creates complex enviroments and thought provoking gameplay . Note that controller does not seem to work properly without third party software so you may have to play on keyboard .This game attempted a lot of new things when technology was not quite there . There is a lot of potential for getting confused and not knowing what you need to do . Camera angles are a nightmare and you will often not see a path in blind spots .You play as  Vampire Raziel who surpassed his creator(Kain) in evolution and payed ultimate price for making his master look weak  .Kain broke his wings and Raziel's comrades threw him into abyss to suffer infinite agony . Now Raziel is a soul eating Wraith who seeks nothing but Revenge !The cinematic Trailer in this game is so ♥♥♥♥en badass . This game oozes atmosphere especially with flawless voice acting . Many lines in this game are like poetry and it stays that way the hole journey . Soul Reaver is just a great example of a game that can carry itsself with story alone .One of my favorite games but keep in mind that its very old 3D platformer . It gets extremely confusing and you will get frustrated."
76561198008573498,Recommended,224920,30305493,Posted: 3 March,all,Digstar,"Brilliant game. First played this title on the PSX on release. Loved the storyline, game mechanics, background music and everything about it at the time. Though aged it is still brilliant to play on the PC (Windows 10).Don't listen to the spoon fed whiners posting negative reviews. This game works excellent on windows 10, just need to change the compatibility setting to xp as follows:Just find theKain2.exeinC:\Program Files (x86)\Steam\SteamApps\common\Legacy of Kain Soul Reaverthen right click on the exe and select troubleshoot compatibility and follow the prompts.Enjoy."
,Not Recommended,224920,30516677,Posted: 14 March,all,Xanth752,"Fantastic game, but can't recomend this version.Now if they polished it up and added controller support it would be fantastic..."
,Not Recommended,224920,33117860,Posted: 1 July,all,Cronow,"Soul Reaver is a classic and a game you definitely should seek to play if you are interested, but not this version.I cannot recommend the Steam version for one simple reason: the port is broken and does not have any official support. It crashes right at the start on the most recent versions of Windows, and will only run by installing unnoficial patches which still won't make the game completely stable. Even if you manage to run it, the built-in gamepad support does not work properly, forcing you to install third party softwares to be able to use it.Unfortunately this port is a mess, and in my humble opinion no one should put money on a port that had zero attention from the publisher."
76561198054095620,Not Recommended,224920,29861681,Posted: 11 February,all,Sixix,"One of my all time favorite games, however this is a terrible port, to even get the game working you have to find a patch from an outside source and even then the game still randomly crashes."
76561198123335806,Not Recommended,224920,31261680,Posted: 20 April,all,brentonismith.84,"Game doesnt work. Forum searches reveal everyone having the same issues, but no help from Steam, Eidos, or Valve. Maybe Steam should make sure their games work before selling them...."
,Recommended,224920,5691400,"Posted: 3 September, 2013",all,Evil Bunny,an old but great game with a dark and compelling story about a vampire seeking revenge against his own master that had him destroyed in spite of fear and jealousy the main character raziel returns a♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off wraith.the game play is great and the story dose not get in the way of the game so i highly reccomand this title also you better hav a controller the keyboard and mous set up is very weired.
,Recommended,224920,13894946,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Dfactor,"Legacy of Kain is a well known franchise amongst many oldschool players. Some were introduced to the series with Blood Omen, others began with Soul Reaver. While the core gameplay was different both of them shared rich story and nice voice acting. Soul Reaver is the second game in the franchise and is a direct sequel of Blood Omen.The gameplay consists of exploration, battles with vampires, boss battles, platforming and puzzle solving. While I do like the franchise I also do not have bias due to nostalgia and do not like to see the game through pink glasses. Exploration is fairly nice, game offers interesting locations and architecture and there's a lot of backtracking and hidden secrets. Battles (at least at first) are interesting, but quickly start to get redundant and boring. While the game introduces a couple of new enemies the core battle mechanics stay the same, as you advance more through the game you get more power and enemies aren't a real threat, just an annoyance to stall you a bit. Boss battles are good, but short. They're not the ""win by brute force"" type of battles as you need to find a weak point / solution to defeat the boss. Platforming is fairly frustrating as the camera and controls are far from perfect. Nothing is impossible and can be mastered after trial and error, but jumping onto series of tiny ledges can be painful, especially if you fall down and are forced to redo the entire segment. Puzzle solving is fairly Tomb Raiderish, but also gets too repetitive: ""Block puzzle A is introduced, now do it a couple of more times. Block puzzle B is introduced, now do it a couple of more times again."". The best part of the game (aside from story and voice acting) is the soundtrack. It's great and memorable, a lot of people know Soul Reaver's ""Ozar Midrashim"".The PC port has flaws. It runs on newer systems, it's possible to run at 1080p and 60fps. However, it suffers from audio issues. The music has crackling noises, dialogue skips. The only solution is to play it in software, texture unfiltered mode. Another flaw is that the hardware mode goes up to 1080p, while software mode goes up to 2160p. Makes sense, right? When compared to PS version the soundtrack is pre-recorded. It has less tracks and doesn't really change according to what's happening around you.Should you get this version of the game? That's up to you. If you can oversee no texture filtering then go for it. If you prefer better overall experience, but lower framerates then go for the PS version. Dreamcast is supposed to be the best version."
76561197994995109,Recommended,224920,24567714,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,PorzinGOD,"Back in my day we didnt have Dark Souls. We had Soul Reaver. The games are different in many ways, but similar in the most important. Both are very vague in pointing you in the right direction. Every bit of progress you make feels like a great accomplishment because you figured it out yourself.The biggest difference from a Souls game is combat. SR's combat isnt very difficult at all, but it functions kind of similar to DS with a lock on and dodge. But thats not the games main focus. The game is really one big puzzle. Figuring out where to go, how to get there, how to progress through the levels and even the bosses themselves are puzzles. Gameplay wise, its pretty easy to compare SR to Zelda. Only its a very dark game with a mature storyline.If you like Zelda style games and dark themes along the lines of Dark Souls or Berserk, you should do yourself a favor and try this out. Its an all time classic.Hopefully one day they reboot this series. Theres many a gamer who never got to experience the tale of Kain and Raziel. There was a sequel called Dead Sun that got canceled, but after seeing leaked footage Im glad it did. It looked average at best, didnt star Kain or Raziel and it wasnt made by Cystal Dynamics. If they bring this series back, they really should retell it. The characters and storyline might be even more relavent today then they were back then. Please Square Enix, just let it happen. And let Crystal Dynamics make it and give them a break from Tomb Raider. They earned it.+mature storyline+character design+great voice acting even by todays standards+unforgetable soundtrack+world design+save anywhere+/-box puzzles-clunky controls-easy combat-enemy variety-no 360 controller support/need to use xpadder-no subtitlesPort:I havent had as much trouble as others have reported. The game starts up just fine and only crashed on me 2 times during my playthrough. I did experience sound glitches a few times that I had to fix by restarting the game. That was kind of annoying, but not a huge issue. There is texture tearing in certain areas thats not pleasing to the eye, but its not game wide and not a deal breaker imo. I hear that the GOG version is more stable, so I would suggest you just buy the Kain games there to be on the safe side.System:Win7i5 4570HD 7850"
,Recommended,224920,32549749,Posted: 18 June,all,Zulu tactics man,"This game was my favorite in the playstation, after that I uses to install this game in my pc before steam got it here.If you want to play this game you have to run in a compatibility mode for win XP. or use a virtual machine. if that dont work, try an ps1 emulator.Also just plug a generic joystick or controller and the cofigure it in game.The story and the visuals are fine, the gothic and dark atmosphere is something that you could not find in another game, and the sountrack is one of the most captivating, giving you the sense of an medieval dystopia.If you make  it run, you will not regret it."
76561198023850704,Not Recommended,224920,11315596,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Vagrant,"You're better off playing the PS1 or Dreamcast version.This PC port, while servicable, is an inferior version as it doesn't do anything to improve on the original and in fact really only takes away from it. It omits the dynamic music system, whereby the music would dynamically change depending on the situation in the game and instead uses a handful of low quality tracks that don't loop and awkwardly fade in and out during gameplay.You do get better graphics and 60FPS and higher resolutions (if you apply some fixes) with this version though, so if that's what you're after, this version has it. But it comes at the cost of having worse music, and music is one of the most important things when it comes to building atmosphere."
,Recommended,224920,15820220,"Posted: 13 May, 2015",all,Derceto,"I give this a recommendation with fair warning that you will want to use X-Padder or something similar for use with a controller.   Upon taking a few minutes (maybe a touch longer if you're new to these types of apps) the game runs great.As with all aged games, it looks the part.   Old clunky models and horrid textures by today's standards.The games highlights include it's story and overall presentation.   A stellar soundtrack which may arguably be just a 'touch' repetetive at times.   Also the voice acting (for it's time) was absolutely stellar also.   By today's standards, it still holds up rather well at least.  It's certainly not laughable by any means.As mentioned before, I certainly recommend the game, and the Legacy of Kain franchise as a whole, to anyone who doesn't mind playing old looking games, and likes a good gothic setting, with great character presentation.  On of Crystal Dynamic's early treasures right here."
,Not Recommended,224920,32939724,Posted: 28 June,all,RoyaL Fia,Doesn't work.Game crashes before even loading the main menu.support is no where to be found
,Not Recommended,224920,20478844,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,RadioSwim,"Is it a bad game? No, it's actually quite good, easily one of the best games to come out of the PlayStation's catalog.Do I recommend it? Absolutel not. If you still have a PS1 laying around, find an old copy of that version instead.Why? Controller support. It's abbysmal. It barely supports enough of the buttons from the Xbox controller base drivers. In order for it to be barely playable, I had to fidget with the drivers to assign keys regularly used, to keys that were not. In order for the camera to usable, I had to assign two shoulder buttons to the start/select button, as for some reason those are the default camera buttons? WHAT? Not to mention they're the only open keys that you have left after assigning all the other gameplay actions to your buttons [action, jump, aim, etc]Even after all this, good luck using the joysticks to aim, or move. The game doesn't support incremental input from joysticks, so if you move that thing barely when aiming or moving and it goes FULL BORE! PLATFORMING YAY!!! PRECISE AIMING YAY!!!!Until the controller support is expanded, and refined, I'd give the PC version of this a pass.(Unless ofcourse someone has modded it already? I haven't found anything about it)"
,Recommended,224920,18753575,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Azrael901024,"Three words: Legacy of Kain. One of the best sagas out there. It has amazing voice acting, great story (although a bit hard to follow if you haven't played the other games, which is no problem since most of them are usually on sale together), simple but satisfying gameplay, hidden stuff and much more. If you buy this saga you're in for a great time, and you'll love it as much as many of us have. 10/10"
,Recommended,224920,12838375,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,s-m-k,"It's a good classic game. I love that dark dirty atmosphere, the mythology and the design of characters (especially bosses). I love the puzzles. I love boss fights, where you can have time to think about their weak spots. Finally, I love the idea of two planes - if you're too weak, you move to the spectral realm and you can do other stuff before going back to material realm. Feels good, no immersion-breaking ""you died, try again"" scheme. However, the game is still far from perfect in my opinion.The camera and controls are just messed up. Seriously, it feels like they weren't tested enough. For example, seeing Raziel's butt zoomed in when you need to judge distance is nothing but good gameplay design. The level design often doesn't conform the camera movement, which, combined with camera-dependent movement direction, makes it very easy to fall off narrower platforms.I understand that many of those issues were common in that gaming era, especially the camera work, which apparently was a plague of TPP games back then. On the other hand, it's weird that noone complained about that during testing stage. It just feels bad and makes the game unnecessarily repetitive and frustrating on some locations (especially Rahabim clan's).Anyway, if you're immune to frustration, you should play it just for the atmosphere. It's so dark I sometimes felt like I didn't want to go any further into that darkness. It's like you never know what you're gonna meet in the next chamber/corridor. The graphics is also good, just low-res. Good colors, good textures and good models. It's still immersing, even though it's so old. The music makes you sink ever deeper.That ugly world, corrupted with pure evil, makes me want to drink fresh human blood."
,Not Recommended,224920,22969852,"Posted: 13 May, 2016",all,Rosesbubble,wow a steam version of a old game doesnt work out of the box ♥♥♥♥ing suprise suprise welp time to go online and see if i can fix the issues that the publisher couldnt be god damn asked to fix
76561197967645948,Recommended,224920,286072,"Posted: 26 July, 2013",all,McRed,Oldschool polygon 3D graphics. Oldschool good times. Great story.
76561198022318884,Recommended,224920,14091487,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Lonewulf.dll,"A classic. Must-play for anyone, whether a fan or not, whether young or old. The entire series deserves a HD remake."
76561197986549790,Recommended,224920,27585139,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,morningstar47,"I remember the demo of this game on PSone. When I got my hands on the full version, I was in awe. The opening scene alone was enough to inspire a movie. The puzzles, though difficult at times, were very satisfying to solve. The atmosphere was foreboding and dark, and the music took your emotions and wrapped them into the game. Raziel is one of my most beloved video game characters of all time. Deep in storyline and lore, this game was one of a kind and nothing short of breathtaking. I still watch the cutscene movies on YouTube to this day, and enjoy them like a movie series. Although the controls are wonky on the PC, a little fiddling and the use Xpadder makes the game very playable. If your looking for a nostalgic 3D platformer/puzzle/action game deep in storyline and meaning, look no further."
76561198038001258,Recommended,224920,29155791,Posted: 9 January,all,Bronson,"The series that sets the standard for voicework. Michael Bell (Raziel) and Simon Templeman (Kain) are voiced perfectly, and provide an emense depth to the characters they portray, The series has provided so many epic moments between Kain, Raziel, Janus Audron, the Sarafan and the Elder God, that will live in my gaming memory for the rest of my life.The writing is superb , the gothic world is a perfect setting, and the story is marvelous. I only wish we could have had one more game to wrap it up.I will say that anyone wishing to enter into this series should be prepared for poor grapics (its 20 years old now), terrible platforming, a whole lot of puzzles, and lots of repitive gameplay elements. The story is worth the frustration though.To get the full experience you cannot just play SR1 though. You should play Blood Omen, Soul Reaver, Blood Omen 2, Soul Reaver 2 and finally Defiance."
,Recommended,224920,9644868,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,Rayl,"For those who know the Legacy of Kain series, nothing needs to be said. It's a fantastic series and while it has it's faults, this is a joy to play, to watch and to experience.I can only hope that those giving this a go can find their way into enjoying the fantastic story this game presents you with."
76561198123784868,Recommended,224920,9357389,"Posted: 5 March, 2014",all,timespannedsoul429,"Delve into the universe of Kain, the god-like vampire. In Legacy of Kain: Soul Reaver you transverse the landscape as Kain's once right-hand vampire lieutenant, Raziel, betrayed and murdered by his leader and bretheren. Raziel is resurrected as a soul devouring goul bent on the destruction of those who betrayed him as well as finding out the truth behing his ominous resurrection. Legacy of Kain's Soul Reaver is a 3rd person puzzle/action game set in Nosgoth, home of the ""Soul Reaver""- the vampires most formidable weapon ever forged, as well as ""The Pillars of Nosgoth""- a monument left to decay by Kain's willing hand. the legacy of kain universe is one with a rich storyline, monumental architecture, and with excellent dialogue.8/10"
,Recommended,224920,8739574,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,LiaraRaziela,"I am not a keen retro-game player BUT this is one game that has remained my favourite ever since first playing it as a child. Legacy of Kain series may be outdated for its combat but the complex puzzles, compelling premise, character-driven plot and ability to use weapons in your environment to your own use outshine that. I am not bragging. The boss fights involve more than just hits and slashes, there are more hidden areas than you could imagine possible with upgrades of glyphs and power ups.  The environments are pretty open for exploration, enemies can be challenging especially in the spectral realm. This is the only game I'd score 10/10. Its sequels however....not so much."
,Recommended,224920,1093054,"Posted: 6 March, 2013",all,ThatDarnOwl,"Legacy of Kain Soul Reaver is the sequel to Blood Omen, and my god did it ramp things up quite a lot.The plot is, after the main character of the last game conquered the world. He kills you and throws you into an abyss. After that your corpse is resurrected and you have to traverse a dead world you helped destroy inorder to kill your murderer.The game is focused on puzzles moreso then combat, due to the fact you actually cannot die. The player instead shifts between the lightless and weightless dimension of the dead to the material realm. This is very important for specific puzzles and sidequests. The game takes place in a semi-open world with no loading screens.Another big part of Soul Reaver is just how many sidequests there are. Just running through the game will land the character with no health upgrades and no special glyph powers. Should the player return to prior areas you can find new things that you didn't see previously.However there are some minor flaws.The game ends on a cliffhanger that leads directly into Soul Reaver 2. There is also an entire website devoted to all the content that was cut prior to release.The other important aspect of this game is it's port. SR1's PC port is flawed in a few ways. Much of the soundtrack doesn't play at specific moments, and this reduces the quality of the game in a lot of unfortunate ways. It remains a bit of buyer beware in that regard."
,Not Recommended,224920,33769097,Posted: 24 July,all,Abutreca,"The game is great but the sound doesnt work correctly on the PC version on W7 or higher. Cracking and Skipping affects the music, sounds and voices and theres no known solution for it.Better go play it on emulator."
76561198332581380,Not Recommended,224920,31350663,Posted: 24 April,all,Guerilla,I really wish I could give this a thumbs up.But I didn't have a good experience with the start up screen.It crashes everytime before I get to the menu.A very sore thumbs down.
,Recommended,224920,24528000,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,Unbekannter,Amy Hennig was the Creative Director. Kurt Harland made the soundtrack.Need I say more?
76561198024876573,Recommended,224920,11924662,"Posted: 30 August, 2014",all,critaku,loving itas much as i liked the ps1 version this one has smoother control's + better preformancethe game shines as i doesn't suffer from that strange ps1 3d control that feels slippery or delay'dwould i recommend it: helll yeah the story is one of the best written and most enjoyable pieces of the ps1 library
76561198071038659,Recommended,224920,8580138,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Koalamate,great ps1 title loved the game and still do
,Recommended,224920,30572488,Posted: 17 March,all,Legato Bluesummers,"For anyone having issues with this game on Windows 7, 8 or 10. Just run the game using Windows Compatibility Mode ""Windows XP (Pack 3)."" All of my glitches and game crashes ended the moment I did that.As for the gameplay, yes it true there is no mouse compatibility, but it works perfectly fine with the keyboard. The camera follows the same movement dynamics as if you were using the Playstation 1 controller. It can be a strange at first to get used to, but the initial keyboard layout is set up to be comfortable for a keyboard only play.The game itself is course absolutely amazing. The story, world layout and character voicing are true examples what made the original PS1 gaming era one of (if not) the greatest."
76561198308824390,Not Recommended,224920,28194682,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,haleyb967,"I really wish this game had worked but these Eidos games run so poorly cost of porting a game not typically for PC, if you get it aim a for a higer computer and maybe it'll work alright? but otherwise I'd just save the money"
,Recommended,224920,25110663,"Posted: 24 August, 2016",all,bread,"This game is great, it's a gem from a time when none of my friend's PC had the power to actually play it.  To me it was a darker version Ocarina of Time, with a relatively open world and a progressive set of abilities/equipment to help you unlock the paths throughout the world.  There is even a somewhat Link to the Past themed light/dark world mechanic at play, where you manifest in the physical and spirit worlds to solve puzzles.  And the puzzles are rewarding, mostly revolving around moving blocks around a 3D space, sometimes requiring proper orientation or stacking/destacking of blocks to add more challenge.Unfortunately the PC version (not sure if only Steam's) has an issue with the sound that begins to loop sound effects after playing for a while, so I would recommend purchasing this for the legal ownership and then emulating the Playstation version that doesn't seem to have this glitch.  Of course there is a graphics patch for the PC version so if muting the sound or just ignoring the out of place sounds doesn't bother you..TL:DR This game is worth your money and time, even in 2016."
,Recommended,224920,13484179,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,The_Iron_Minotaur,"While this game shows its age. You can't help but feel to be impressed just how far video games have come since that time.First and foremost is to rebind ALL of your keys if your playing on keyboard. It will be hard at times but by the end of the game you will get use to it. But my personal prefrence is to get a gamepad, much easier, and less annoying.Anyways, onto the game itself.As the impressive intro explains. You are Raziel, a trusted liutenant of Kain. After ""surpassing"" him. You are then betrayed and thrown into the abyss. For it's time the game can be considered scary especially when you run into the bosses. Also the game, doesn't really give you explict lore details. The game capitalizes on it's puzzles, dialouge, and impressive boss fights and places. The game kinda fills you in as you progress through the game. By the end of it. You should have a clear picture on the whole story."
76561198124482181,Recommended,224920,26348927,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,bassmickey,"This game is a trip down memory lane. At first it wouldn't run, after some heavy troubleshooting I got it to work, then my xbone controller wouldn't work with the game, thankfully xpadder solved the issue. Now I'm just a happy dude, eating souls for snacks."
,Not Recommended,224920,25412900,"Posted: 8 September, 2016",all,8bitBonfire,"This was one of my favorite games of the PS1 era. It felt like a mature, horror version of the Legend of Zelda games I played so much of. It's a great adventure with decent voice acting for its time, decent combat with sometimes brutal kills, puzzle solving, and a sort of metroidvania aspect where you get new abilities and therefore are able to reach new areas of the game world.Unfortunately, if you're hoping to play with a controller, this game is unplayable. The left stick on my 360 controller is extremely sensitive, to the point that there is no dead zone, which means it thinks I'm always holding it in one direction or another. So as soon as you get past the long, unskippable cutscene, Raziel just starts running in circles and doesn't stop. For the record, this doesn't happen with any other game I play. The camera controls are garbage and you can't change them, and in the few minutes I spent watching Raziel run in circles, I noticed a lot of graphical problems.My refund request was denied. The problem is that I tried it for 10 minutes when I first bought it in 2013, and the controller didn't work so I just thought I'd hold off on it and wait for a patch. Obviously a game with controller support would get patched if the controller makes it unplayable, right?So skip to today (Sep 2016) and I see it in my library and think, ""oh man, I'd love to play that game! Maybe they fixed the controller issues after having 3 years to work on it."" NOPE. So because I bought it in 2013 and ""played"" it for 10 minutes, they didn't give me the refund.Classic PS1 game, unplayable port. Steer clear of this one."
76561197978389319,Not Recommended,224920,23931069,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Aldel,"One of The BEST series ever. HORRIBLE PORT!So it doesn't work, I am on an MSI steel series very nice gaming PC.I tried disabling antivirus etc, nothing just crashes as it tries to load.I also hear the controller support is non existent.and ♥♥♥♥ I forgot Enix got the rights to this..ugh.Wish it worked.they don't give refunds so...anyway if you have never played this series before its well worth it to hunt down old copies and a ps2."
76561198107385672,Recommended,224920,12436803,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,TheBetterOffDeadGuy,I was expecting dreamcast quality and no troubles with my xbox/PC gamepad. Instead of that I got disapointed. I think it's a good game though if it works well.
,Recommended,224920,3770125,"Posted: 17 March, 2013",all,Grayflox,The first game I have ever played in my life and still the best game I've ever played in my life.
,Recommended,224920,32593750,Posted: 20 June,all,Crash,"I'm not entirely sure if I should really recommend this game... read on to understand.This is a PSX game that was ported to PC in 1999, and therefore there are a lot of problems in running old PC games in windows 10. This game is locked into fullscreen, does not support ximput controllers (unless you use software mapping for directimput) and does not support a lot of resolutions as well. There are also sound problems, like sfx and music just stopping from time to time.But the patch made by the user Wrace fixes most of these stuff. Still, there's a high chance the game just crash when alt-tabbing (like when you need to browse a guide for the game) or when exiting any movie. And really close to the end of the game you get like 6 movies, one after another, and it's way ahead of the teleport/save point you need to get there. This means there's a high chance of the game crashing at this point and you lose a LOT of progress.The patch, though, has a menu that can be used to skip this session completely (and other neat stuff/cheats as well).Since this is a game I'm really found ever since I played it for PSX, and the user patch fixes many of these compatibility problems, I am checking the ""recommend"" button. Just keep in mind you will still get some crashes from time to time as this is an old game and the patch is not perfect. If you can, you should prefer playing the PSX version."
,Recommended,224920,8810880,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,War,"With Nosgoth coming soon, i thought i might write a review of one of its predecessors, and the one that I THINK is the best of the series. Legacy of Kain: Soul Reaver is a journey throughout the now ruined land of Nosgoth. Many MANY years ago, the land was beautiful, but the Pillars of Nosgoth, which holds the world's balance together, became corrupted. Kain, the final Guardian of the Pillars, refused to sacrifice himself, damning all of Nosgoth to ruin. In the game, you are a Vampire that goes by the name of Raziel, who is the first-born son and First Lieutenant of Kain. Kain has a strong empire, but it grows weak, and as such, Raziel evolves aheadd of Kain, which is considered Blasphemy. You are thrown into a giant whirlpool of water, and that is where your journey begins. Raziel's Journey through the game is one of many twists and turns. I would reccomend this game to ANYONE who is thinking of joining the Nosgoth Alpha or just playing it when it comes out so you can get a feel for the Lore of the game. 10/10 would play in a locked basement for eternity."
,Recommended,224920,9683600,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,jimbobslimbob,"This was my first LoK game, that I played to death when it first came out and loved every second of it. It's a massive, open-world game that gives the player a lot of freedom to do what they want, whilst also offering a superb story to boot.It has dated somewhat since it was released. Graphics are forgivable, but the controls suffer from not allowing you to use a mouse. This leaves you with a gamepad - which I could never seem to get working properly. To elaborate - Raziel randomly seems to run off in a direction on his own (and no, my gamepad is fine). This can be solved by using Pinnacle Game Profiler. It also has some annoying sound looping problems, which can be fixed by running in software video mode.Issues aside, it's still a cracking game. None of the newer LoK games seemed to be quite as ambitious as this one, which is a shame. It remains a classic.Jimbo Rating: 5/10 (this would be a lot higher if the game did not suffer from sound and controller issues)"
76561198127748034,Not Recommended,224920,35165349,Posted: 23 September,all,Sacredclown27,"Legacy of Kain is one of my favorite game series of all time but I never got to play the first Soul Reaver.  I was so excited when I found this.  However, I can't get the game to run.  It sucks not being able to run a game I was so looking forward to.  Hopefully the powers that be see all these Negative reviews and fix it.*Edit* Changing the compatibility still did not allow me to run the game. Not the ""easy fix"" other reviewers have been spouting."
,Not Recommended,224920,13838780,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Wild Yax!,"Wow, all the positive reviews must be coming from people who purchase and don't play, but ""remember"" it was a good game.It was a good game.This version however, is literally unplayable. Controller? Nope. Mine had me running around in all crazy random directions. Graphics? Ok I didn't expect much, but there are unfilled polygons everywhere, the menus and text are not upscaled nicely AT all.I'm sure it would be great, if it were playable."
,Not Recommended,224920,30227376,Posted: 27 February,all,DICKLORD,"This is an incredible game that I would love to recommend but this port is pure awful.No Mouse supportNo 360 controller supportNo Dynamic musicLots of bugs & crashesGame may or may not work for you at allPorted the♥♥♥♥♥♥PS1 version, not the DC versionAvoid until these things are added which, based on the effort put forth thus far, will probably be never.This is truly a crime against gaming."
76561198009127959,Recommended,224920,32748519,Posted: 24 June,all,Iksvomid,Best glitch simulator on Steam.
,Recommended,224920,12387897,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Dracula19861,fantastic game recommend it to anyone
76561197970490080,Not Recommended,224920,10552364,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,Longshanks,"This is painful to do but I can't recommend this game in the state steam had it when I bought it here.  One of the most memorable and greatest games I have ever played and a story I will never forget, but steam doesn't do anything to help the glitches.  I depends on your system, and if you really want to try this game then first check the discussion board about which versions of windows have had the most problems.When I played on Windows 7 the game was smooth other than the sound, which would run fine for a certain period of time before popping out and skipping.  The soundtrack is so good in this game, and dialogue is so crucial to this story that you need good sound if you want to get the full experience.  Keep track of the boards and any mention of sound fixes before buying this game."
76561197965158099,Not Recommended,224920,26681657,"Posted: 18 November, 2016",all,Hekatonkheires,"It's a great game, but the controller support is complete garbage for the PC version. Decided to play my PS1 disc instead after spending an hour faffing around with various keyboard-controller programs with no success in stopping my controllers analog sticks from randomly inputting directions even when not bound to anything and keyboard selected ingame."
,Recommended,224920,13463459,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Sheep,"I've played this when i was a child, so it gets a nostalgic bonus and my point of view might be biased, but If you want to get into the LoK universe and are fine with bad playstation 3d graphics, this is the right choice.It has nothing to do with the new NOSGOTH game, that has been released recently, except for the name of the world, which is called nosgoth.It has very unique puzzles, a stunning story and it actually is quite difficult.give it a shot if you have some hours to spare!"
,Recommended,224920,30420771,Posted: 9 March,all,88fadingfrost88,"A classic game I played on the PS1 when I was 6, now that I got it again through steam I understand the story much better and love the game even more. Even though the graphics are potato it's definitely an amazing game I wish the people who made this would remaster or make Soul Reaver 3."
,Recommended,224920,28004958,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Frankillenstein,No longer want a refund fix the issue by doin what my new friend below n the comments said an it works great now!!!
76561197997404567,Recommended,224920,13416165,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Sleepy Eric,"10/10 I want games to be made this good again.... PleaseSeriously this game was apart of what probably is THE best series ever made in gaming. None have stood out and have been as enjoyable as The Legacy of Kain. Soul Reaver is probably my favorite. (although If I had the patience for a Dos emulater I'd play the first Blood Omen as well and be just as happy) The game has an equal amount of combat and puzzle solving and the puzzles for the most part are straight forward, but some what confusing... until you remember the spirit realm will alter the room your standing in and hopefully help you reach that ledge that's to high or make a hole in a room you didn't think would have one and lead to a boss (hint hint sarafan hint hint) Also there are plenty of secrets you can find that can be possibly holding a power as a reward when you have found it.Not to mention the Lore in this game is fantastic and the amount of history that exists in the world that is sometimes only lightly touched upon but does exist in the gothic dying world known as Nosgoth is just as abundant as the lore that thrown at your face. The game's Narrative I think is what really makes it a legendary game. The morals discussed between Raziel and Kain. The concepts are enthralling and the roles each character plays no matter how small it seems still has a major impact on the world.This game turned it up to an 11 out of a possible 5. Thank you Crystal Dynamics for such an amazing Game."
,Recommended,224920,26908059,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,uschtenbrau,<3
76561198202010907,Not Recommended,224920,26450189,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,Nihlist,"Wonderful game as an whole. Pretty much one my favs, great music, writing, atompshere. I can honestly  write a novel on why this game is great...yet this isnt why im here. The port is pure♥♥♥♥♥ no controller support, visual and audio bugs, game likes to freeze, and if your running win 10 chances are the game will just crash before you get to the main menu....come on eidos this is should not how you treat such an amazing game! Anyway.....awesome game, ""♥♥♥♥ed as hell"" port, pass this up unless you want a slew of headaches."
,Not Recommended,224920,33287846,Posted: 5 July,all,TheIronFistOfDeath,"TL;DR: Unless you're willing to search for hours only to have inconsistent loads, don't waste your money.I'm conflicted in my review.  The game is every bit as you remember it, be that good or bad.  You have 2 speeds: run and sprint, which often means falling off of small platforms.  The camera controls are some of the worst (no free control, only a quick snap to behind your character).  The story is as great as ever and the game does look better than it did in 1999 and the voice acting is still top notch.The problem, and the reason I can't recommend this game, is the problems getting it to even load.  The first time I got it to load, it took me 3 hours of trial and error.  The solution?  It loads perfectly once out of about 50 attempts.  No compatibility mode, no running as admin.  Just load, crash, load, crash, fiddle with settings, load, crash, load crash, default settings, load, crash, load, crash....(10 minutes later)..... load, works fine.  Seriously.  I managed to play it enough in 2 days to finish it but getting it to even start became a chore.Then there's the controller issues.  I used a wireless Xbox 360 controller (with the wireless receiver) and Pinnacle Game Profiler.  I recommend it.  Download the existing profile, then edit it.  The downloaded scheme is terrible.  Right trigger for attack, 2 buttons to devour souls, you get the idea.  I had one sound issue which forced me to restart the game (complete with several dozen crashes again), but otherwise it worked fine..... if you want to call it that.  If you're really jonesing for some nostalgia, watch a let's play on YouTube.  You'll save yourself a lot of frustration.The Good:+ Voice acting is still great+ Story holds upThe Bad:- Camera controls are still a messThe Ugly:-- Constant crashes at launch.Bottom line: this game performs like an abusive significant other.  It's crash, after crash, after crash, and just when you're ready to give up, it loads and works perfectly making you remember all the wonderful times you had when you first played it; making you think it's worked out its issues.  Then you try to start it again another time and it's right back to crashing and the cycle repeats.  Thankfully, it's a relatively short game."
,Recommended,224920,7566493,"Posted: 4 November, 2013",all,dizo.123,вампирская сага )
76561198126643381,Recommended,224920,9648124,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,2fckineazy,"THIS GAME DOES NOT WORK. BUGGY, FREEZEZ, SOUND GLITCHES.MY HEART IS BROKEN"
76561198064373752,Recommended,224920,12978902,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,ShamwowKiller,"Great game and a very good story. Raziel was one of my favorite video game characters as a kid. I honestly didn't even care about the powerups and special weapons. The puzzles, bosses, atmostphere were enough to really enjoy this game.It is a shame that it does not work well with a controller. The actions buttons work but Raziel will just start running and random directions and you cant make him stop. Playing with just the keyboard can be somewhat tough, at times.Overall, I would give it a 8.5/10 (Personally, this game probably has the best voice acting of all time)"
,Recommended,224920,24104689,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,King Willex,"OK, I wanted to say that I love this game to death and I havent really played 2 or defiance just yet cause I didn't have a PS 2 or 3 at the time of this. But now that I have them on steam I can say this much with Blood omen 2 need's Blood omen 1. I wanna have the HOLE series if I may :)"
,Recommended,224920,28933255,Posted: 2 January,all,[angry norse larper noises],this is my favorite game from the entire souls series
76561198050309205,Recommended,224920,16461668,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,zzdjchris,"Soul Reaver, as I knew the game. IS AWESOME. I originally fell in love with this game via the ""Sega Dreamcast"". I was extreamly happy to see it available here on the Steam Network.You play as Raziel (I think correct spelling), who has been plunged into the underworld, and you must make your way back to seek your revenge.You will love this 3rd person action adventure. With puzzle elements, and Multiple Worlds/dimentions.9.5/10"
,Recommended,224920,30090300,Posted: 21 February,all,Tidreit,The game is alright for a classic.
76561198145903667,Not Recommended,224920,31345277,Posted: 24 April,all,LadyValhalla,Very displeased with the fact this games not got controller support :( Its very hard and not at all fun to try and play this without one. I loved this game as a kid and would have loved to play it again but i just cant play it like this. to bad. Would have been great.
,Not Recommended,224920,30283291,Posted: 2 March,all,Capt_Blakhelm,"Upon launching into Soul Reaver, I was immediately disappointed. This is mostly my fault for not reasearching this particular port and not refunding the game in time. (This was less than $2 on sale after all)  Reviewers (and the PCGamingWiki) aren't exagerrating when they say this is a port of the Playstation version - it has the same blocky models and pixelated textures (that includes the company logos and menus). The game doesn't recognize mouse or X-input, so you need a DirectInput controller (pre-X360 era) or use clunky keyboard controls to platform and move your camera (thankfully, some controllers can DirectInput). I would recommend the Dreamcast version (the one I beat LONG ago), but the PC version allows retextures and an unofficial 60 FPS and widescreen patch.I only can recommend this if you're basically willing to play the PSX version with a DirectInput Controller. The 60FPS patch MIGHT give it an edge over the Dreamcast version, but I don't remember it's framerate."
,Recommended,224920,30200373,Posted: 26 February,all,Abyss_ Watcher,-Hİkayesi Sürükleyici Ve Epik +-Keyifli Atmosfer Ve Gotik Evren +-Spectral Realm ve Eğlenceli Bulmacalar +-Karakter Kadrosu Ve Raziel in Durumlara Bakış Açısı +-Sık Sık yaşanan Ses Kaymaları  --Bazı Parkur Yerlerinde Sıkıntılı Kamera Açıları -100/79
,Recommended,224920,13211364,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,{TGC}Fr33,One of my favorite PS game and i got for the pc still the same game better graphic's and smoother gameplay then the PS the game has amazing storyline with some of the best fights in my opinion the legacy of kain SR is the begin of my favorite series before blood omen the was always great and now its on steam good work gaben!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,224920,13627343,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Coconut Cream,"I love this game, brilliant soundtrack and mature dialogue mixed with exciting action and an extremely powerful soul reaver make this a must buy for anybody."
76561198116933263,Not Recommended,224920,25833396,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,nick,This game will only play when you run it as an administrator and the game pad support is terrible. If you want a controller you have to download third party software to map the key board keys to it. Your probably better of just playing a rom of this game.
76561197993848840,Recommended,224920,9095473,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Rachsmo,Bad controls.. try playing with controller.
,Recommended,224920,24283813,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,エオセット˙ ͜>˙,Good.
76561197976528105,Recommended,224920,15807762,"Posted: 12 May, 2015",all,Mexicutioner,"Game is 'ok',  when comparing this to other 3d adventure games at the time (like: banjo kazooie, mario 64, crash bandicoot, etc) I have to say this one is more on the mediocre side (gameplay wise). It can be very confusing on where to go and what to do next but once you get the hang of the mechanics it starts to get less confusing. I had to use a walkthrough a few times here and there to help with progression but thats after I spent 1+ hours trying to figure it out myself, the game could really benefit from a map system. Nonetheless I could see it being a gem at one point and its a shame I missed out on this gem back in the ps1 days, I wouldnt call it a gem now since its dated really poorly but playing it in 2015 it was an alright game.6/10 (pc version)WARNING: Steam version can have some serious problems, may need to download a fix."
76561198100152677,Not Recommended,224920,33053072,Posted: 30 June,all,snooginsiv,I love this game when it was on PlayStation but the files corrupt or something. Won't play. Soul reaver 2 works tho. Shame that this one doesn't
76561198062188853,Not Recommended,224920,14503162,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,RoboRob,"The Legacy of Kain series is awesome and well deserves your interest but do not buy this game here. It is hideously broken and riddled with issues. The controller support is an absolute joke and it lacks mouse support entirely, relegating you to either playing it all with the keyboard or to acquire Xpadder or a similar program. The game also inexplicably corrupted itself and I lost all my progress. Aside from that the graphics and game play have not aged well and I made it to the third boss before quitting because the platforming frustrated me to the point of almost snapping my controller in half, made worse by the flimsy and roundabout way in which I had to use my controller. Raziel apparently has the need to hurl himself forward after landing on platforms so half the time I would fall off and have to start the section again. The only upside is that the story and dialog are still rock solid but if that's all you want you'd be better off watching all the cut scenes on YouTube. If you really want to play it your best bet would be to find a hard copy. I bought the series on steam in a bundle, here's hoping Soul Reaver 2 fairs better."
76561198154698889,Not Recommended,224920,33696113,Posted: 21 July,all,Nattmal,Can we cut the crap a make a freaking remake of this♥♥♥♥♥♥ come on it's EZ money .
76561198088422365,Not Recommended,224920,30395996,Posted: 8 March,all,BuLKiE OsTRich,"I would have loved to play this game again, for nostalga's sake, but it always crashes when I go to play it."
,Recommended,224920,34753919,Posted: 5 September,all,bozmadde,"dont mind the low iqs on the review page who didnt manage to run a 20 year old game.this game is a classic, a milestone in the most immerse franchises in gaming.the gameplay and graphics shows its age (and didnt age very well), but you probably want to play this because of the story and the amazing soundtrack.if so, go ahead and enjoy this amazing cult classic.-i highly recommend using a walkthrough guide while playing it since you can easily get lost in the world after some levels-"
76561198020642607,Not Recommended,224920,16563205,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,BommelDing,"Inbelieveable that steam even sells this, game always crashes at the same certain spot and a lot of people are complaining about this and noone is working on it, this used to be a good game for the Playstation 1 but this port sucks.. waste of money unfortunately."
,Not Recommended,224920,23322395,"Posted: 1 June, 2016",all,TheAfroNinja,"I\'m not sure if the game itself is any good or not, because I literally can\'t play it. I was finally able to get to the main menu without it crashing, just to have crashing in the very first room of the game. I have tried all suggestions from eidos and steam forums and cannot get this game to work.It has \""Controller Support\"" if you can call it that, but it is literally unusable because your character just moves forward. Everyone, even the eidos forum moderators (which shouldnt be telling you to use 3rd party software) tell you to use xpadder, but I couldn\'t even get xpadder to work. Maybe cause i was just fed up and tired idkIf you want to play this game, find some other way to play it. DON\'T buy it on steam to play on your modern PC"
76561198279799862,Not Recommended,224920,21618328,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Ozzmosis,Well game 1 of the bundle and this does not work on a new build Windows 10 machine... and I cannot even find the installed game to try and run it in compatibility mode... what a waste... wish I had read the reviews 1st....
76561198086584134,Recommended,224920,25212221,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,cornholio161,It a best game I enjoy ever since I play it on the PS1 Version.
,Recommended,224920,12767715,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,SammyBob,"Great game, bought it when it was on sale (* Legacy of Kain Collection) .  This game stands the test of time and if you are like me grew up playing this game on console it is a welcome addtion to my steam library.Legacy of Kain Soul Reaver action-adventdure game that is set 1500 years after the events that hand unfolded in Blood Omen: Legacy of Kain.Raziel is killed by kain but The Elder God revived him with the purpose of him becoming the god's soul reaver so he can get the revenge he so long desires against Kain.8/10 True Classic that is still as good now as it was back in '99 it is not without its faults but over all I advise you make this purchase or just wait for the collection to come up for sale again on steam."
76561198028486351,Recommended,224920,13457122,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,moop,"Yo dawg, I herd u liek Soul Reaver. So I gave a Soul Reaver to a Soul Reaver so you can Reave Souls with a Soul Reaver."
76561198113158443,Recommended,224920,30652490,Posted: 21 March,all,veki736,Absolute masterpiece. 10/10
76561198071324731,Recommended,224920,28036932,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,Pharaoh,some one help me get this game to work plz because no matter what settings i choose it wont work. windows 10.
,Not Recommended,224920,33749398,Posted: 23 July,all,Vincent,"This review is not about the game itself. But it doesn't start properly on my PC (980ti, win8.1, 4k) so I'm just telling you to be careful."
76561198055973376,Not Recommended,224920,35036971,Posted: 17 September,all,celladoth,"It is a great game but steam hooped this port, as usual. Game crashes frequently and all the finagaling in the world will grant an unstable experiance at most."
,Not Recommended,224920,24832990,"Posted: 11 August, 2016",all,Anfunny,I can't recommend this game until they have some sort of useful input.
,Recommended,224920,25521805,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,Zane,"Full of sweet loreStill has some of the best voice acting for a 17 year old gameSome of the most revolutionizing gameplay mechanicsAnd one of the best weapons in gaming historyLegacy of Kain: Soul Reaver is definitely a Top 10 PS1 games of all time and is a must play for anyoneBut the game is literally unplayable without a external gamepad application like Xpadder, but I think the gamepad options are a from a different time"
,Recommended,224920,28602210,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,N2TheFire,"Quite possibly the best story-driven game series ever released. Do yourself a favor, don't just buy this game, get them ALL. Gameplay on the PC isn't quite like it was on the Playstation. Definitely recommend a gamepad controller! And get one that comes with software so you can program it. This makes a huge difference. And yes, it is well worth the trouble. Not to mention, they are practically giving it away (at the moment of this review, less than 2 bucks each game!!)"
76561198132920783,Not Recommended,224920,14362199,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,phydouxthedog,"i bought it hoping the gamepad settings were not as broken as they were, unless you want archaic keyboard comands, not recomended.At least i only wasted a couple bucks on a unplayable game that i used to love."
,Recommended,224920,14683422,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,MΛѕн ░▒▓(~‾ З ‾)~,Vampire jesus resurrects from the dead to slay all the bad kids who talked smack about his bowl-haircut. -An honest review
76561198218859901,Recommended,224920,33896839,Posted: 29 July,all,rick_bires,I love the earlier 2d graphics in games. This game is a perfect example for r great classic game
,Recommended,224920,17363731,"Posted: 3 August, 2015",all,hahabst1025,treasure and powerups is too difficult to find without guides or tipsthis series is more epic than risen 1 and gothicgolden game forever
,Recommended,224920,18854222,"Posted: 3 November, 2015",all,Dangerous Beans,"The second entry in the LoK series (after the original Blood Omen, which is not available on Steam).Soul Reaver takes place millenia after the events of Blood Omen. The vampire Kain refused to sacrifice his own life in order to restore balance to the world, opting instead to become it's merciless master. In this entry you play as Raziel, Kain's chief lieutenant. Having been betrayed by Kain and cast into the abyss, your body has perished, but somehow your spirit revives after hundreds of years and returns to the world of the living."
,Not Recommended,224920,18586024,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,ayDante14,"So far I have found this game to be fun to play, unfortunately since upgrading to windows 10 I haven't been able to get it to work. So for all I care it could be the best game in all of existence but if I can't actually play it then there is a problem, even if you can run it please note that there are some issues like the keyboard controls which are very unintuitive. In addition there is no way to control the camera at least not with the mouse, you have to press ctrl and 0 to move the camera left or right. Although you can use xpadder to adjust the control layout, but if you don't want to download it for whatever reason, then you better get used to the archaic controls. So as much as I have been enjoying this game, I can't recommend it because it simply isn't up to the level of quality that it should be. However if you really want to play this game check the steam forums for it first to see if you can found if people have gotten it to work."
,Recommended,224920,4934679,"Posted: 31 August, 2013",all,Pinochet's AirTraffic Revolution,"As soon as I found this on steam, I had purchased it within thirty-five seconds. If I had faster internet, it would've been sooner.This game, is utterly fantastic. Brutal action, fresh story-telling, great gameplay, thrilling immersion, and a protagonist whom delivers a story so well, you truly absorb the feeling of the game. Enter Nosgoth, become Raziel, redeem yourself... or... avenge yourself.Some of the best writing, best voice acting, and best writing I've ever seen in a game ever. If you hate vampires; play this game, you will have a great deal of fun in acting on that hatred, and experiencing vampires as they -should- be depicted.UPDATE!!!: You should get an xbox controller, or a programmable mouse / controller to play this game. The default controls are shakey on PC, as this was definitely intended for the Playstation. I would most likely extend this comment to all other Legacy of Kain games."
,Recommended,224920,27236210,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Hit.Detection,"I nominated this game for [ the ""Villian most in need of a Hug"" Award.]Poor Kain having to do what he did,Side note, the Legecy of Kain SERIES is one of the best told stories, from start to finish EVER! A must if you like getting mind ♥♥♥♥ed."
,Not Recommended,224920,18516360,"Posted: 16 October, 2015",all,ThatRadioGeek,"This used to be a great game back when the PSX was still a thing, but now it just feels all around dated. It has not aged well."
,Not Recommended,224920,13060096,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Light,Game crashes at a certain point. Loved it on PS1 though.PS1 Rating: 9/10Steam Rating: 2/10
,Not Recommended,224920,9664715,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Damards2004,"This game is one of my childhood favourites, amazing game and spent many hours palying it - only problem is piece of crap wont even play on steam as it crashes the second the opening cutscene ends...."
76561198006553972,Not Recommended,224920,14368483,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,XAN F1,"When I saw this game, a flood of great memories flood back to me, and out of pure nostalgia, I went and bought it.Nothing prepared me for the ineptness of how poor of a port this turned out. the controls, what on earth were the porters thinking with that control scheme.The mouse is in-effective, so everything is done via the keyboard, this includes panning the camera, to pulling off multi-key movements. So you are forced to two hand the keyboard, which is awkward to say the least.This game is a damn classic, one of the best of its time, but this port is let down soley to the controls, and so unfortunately, as much as would hate to do so, I must give a non reccomendation."
,Not Recommended,224920,28441304,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Vsause,paid like 8 dollars for this game and it doesnt even work
,Not Recommended,224920,8956645,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Chemical_E,"Great game, but really bad port. No hardware rendering mode, crappy controller support, it's like the devs simply copied the PSX version's code and slapped it on this version with little in the way of enhancements or optimizations. You might as well just emulate it or play the Dreamcast version."
76561198112910098,Not Recommended,224920,29237876,Posted: 13 January,all,dr-shiny,"I LOVED this game to little bits when it came out.  It's the best.  The voice acting is top of the range (and made in a time when voice acting in games at all was rudimentary at best), the story is intricate and well-crafted, the level designs are beautiful, the music is wonderful and atmospheric.  The graphics are dated (it was made in 1999, what did you expect?), but everything about this game screams top quality, and I would love to play it again.However, this version is completely and irreparably broken.  The game starts (sometimes), the opening credits for Eidos and Crystal Dynamics appear, and then the game crashes, no matter how much you tweak the settings.Soul Reaver is a brilliant game.  But you can't play it, so don't pay for it."
,Not Recommended,224920,9564829,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,drewsky_67,"This is a great classic game, but the glitches are uncalled for.  Steam really needs to test run this stuff before putting it on the market.  I had to delete one of the files to make it work in the first place and it won't respond when I start it up half the time, forcing me to reboot my computer every time I want to play it.  And once you get it going, it's pretty glitchy.  At one point, there was a rushing water sound effect that got stuck and was loud that I couldn't hear any of the dialogue.To be fair, there are some good aspects.  It looks great and I think the controls are a smooth adaptation.  Their responsive and work well at least.  But they really need to work the bugs out.I realize that this isn't exactly high priority for Steam, but if we're going to pay for something, we expect it to work.  So, I would hold off for a while or just find it used.  A PSX and a copy of Soul Reaver will run you about 25 bucks total depending on where you get it.  Just don't bother buying it here unless you're prepared to fight with it."
,Not Recommended,224920,10670034,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,KeybladeKidZack,"This is my first review... and sadly I have to use it to turn you away from one of my favorite games.Legacy of Kain: Soul Reaver is an amazing character action platformer that released during the PS1 era and gameplay-wise, still holds up today. Though not on PC. Running on Windows 8 with a mediocre laptop, I could get the game to run with no audio problems or graphical issues, but as anyone who's played on PC for more than az week knows: you need a controller for these kinds of games. Simple enough. The game has controller support and it's plug and play. And there's the problem. It's controller support is total♥♥♥♥♥The in-game character likes to run up to the right when you idle, and he never runs straight. You can't just use the d-pad like the original game either. The only way to make it work is to download multiple control mapping programs. Sure, there are keyboard controls, but there is sincerely no viable way to play like that. You can't map the mouse whatsoever, so good luck scrunching in on your keyboard trying to make an accurate jump. I'm really depressed with how this port acts and I'd like to save anyone who was wither a fan like me, or new to the game from that feel."
,Not Recommended,224920,21115213,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Jaice,Game doesn't work.  Don't waste your money.
76561198152729953,Recommended,224920,11980799,"Posted: 4 September, 2014",all,hkessler665,will the Xbox 360 controller work with this came?
,Not Recommended,224920,24220049,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,STARTJIM>XI<,wont start poeple say the GOG version works if so i'm downloading a torrent from GOG version ♥♥♥♥ this♥♥♥♥♥♥edit 1: GOG version is the same story if you want to play this use Intel's build in GPUAMD card BROKENNVDIA card BROKENINTEL ♥♥♥♥♥♥ build in GPU works (why????????)if you in a desktop you most of the time have Intels GPU disableif your on a notebook you wil be fineDONT LOOK FOR A FIX ON GOOGLE USE INTEL GPU OR JUST DONT PLAY
76561198098165560,Not Recommended,224920,13845676,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,animagus_kitty,"I give this title a 'no' because it's unplayable for me. The sound is skippy and lags atrociously. Unlike some games, the video/gameplay doesn't outpace the audio by more than a sentence or two, but when the audio only plays half a sentence at a time, it makes cutscenes painful and tutorials nonsensical. The series is a fabulous one, and Blood Omen 2 and LoK: Defiance seem to be excellent ports. Soul Reaver 2 also seems to be working much better than this. Only this title suffers from unplayability."
76561197989721075,Not Recommended,224920,17559624,"Posted: 15 August, 2015",all,HotDoc,"I loved this game on PS2; played through it multiple times.  So I was quite ecstatic to find this on Steam.  Unfortunately, Steam still thinks selling broken games is perfectly fine.  This port is a travesty--buggier than an entomologist's trophy room with massive gameplay and sound issues.  I can't recommend this Steam version.  I recommend finding a PS2 emulator, because this one will just reaffirm your belief that Steam and game developers hate players."
,Not Recommended,224920,15438243,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Headphones333,"DO NOT BUY THIS ON STEAM.It will not work. The entirety of game time I have spent on this game has been spent trying to get the game to work. Every time I start it it stops responding. I did get it to run once, and a blaring noise was playing for the entire time, and I couldn't hear any of the cutscenes, making the game all but unplayable. It's ridiculous that a paid game on Steam doesn't work right after purchase. I haven't checked the version of the game on GOG, but I would assume its more playable than the version on Steam. When this version of the game actually works (which it probably never will) I might be inclined to recommend a purchase of this game. If you do want to buy this game, buy it on sale. I'm glad I bought this on sale and didn't pay the full price for it."
,Not Recommended,224920,35242917,Posted: 27 September,all,Blood of the Dark Soul,the amount of effort i spent into getting this game to run and support a controller is not worth the dollar i spent on buying iti recomend buying a cheeseburger insteed and running the game off an emulater
76561198067130472,Not Recommended,224920,25370316,"Posted: 5 September, 2016",all,Wildfyre,Does not have controller support :(
76561198022948050,Recommended,224920,31567287,Posted: 5 May,all,Exhausted_Blade,"I prefer kains stories but this one is good too, the story of this series is amazing"
,Not Recommended,224920,24468011,"Posted: 22 July, 2016",all,Plastron,"i don't think this game has aged well. no controller support, AND no mouselook. i had to use my numpad to control the camera and use secondary movements like crouching, jumping, and attacking. some of the bosses don't do a good job conveying what you need to do to defeat them. levels all have a sickly green/blue/brown color scheme and it made the levels blur together."
,Not Recommended,224920,15735069,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Doctor Fudge,"Does not age well at all. The controls were once decent at best, but today they just don't cut the mustard. The platforming is clunky as hell and the combat is even worse. Only buy if you're on a nostalgia trip or just really like mediocre PSX action-adventure titles.Story's pretty good though, I give that part a 7/10."
76561198021995199,Recommended,224920,17760439,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,Darth Pala,"Outdated, but a great game. Puzzles are great but the combat system might get on your nerves. I'd recommend getting it on a sale, but not on its full price."
76561197993270476,Recommended,224920,21263033,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Hyperion,
76561198093414029,Recommended,224920,13604197,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,xxjonnyxxxcrashxx,"great game on the PS1 garbage game on the PC....great storygood game playgame auto detects gamepads and in my case fails at doing it properly if hit dpad down it goes down then up again... and refused to let me leave the space blank so i cant configure my gamepad as a keybaord, basically its using both the default gamepad options and my custom keybindings at the exact same time making my game pad usless......"
76561198063040331,Recommended,224920,9211232,"Posted: 21 February, 2014",all,Thin White Duke,Just don't play without Mouse Raider.
76561198237062882,Not Recommended,224920,21863245,"Posted: 15 March, 2016",all,Black Samoan Demon King,i cant even run it. it crashes on start
,Recommended,224920,12756323,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Plzbanme,Classic. And by classic I mean you need the internet to tell you what the hell you are doing. Classic in the best way.
76561198042495846,Not Recommended,224920,7926593,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Perin,"I wouldn't recommend buying this but that's not to say it's without it's merits - the writing and voice-acting in particular have been greatly praised and from the very beginning these make the game easy to love, especially if you are a fan of high fantasy and dictionary use. However, equally noticeable are the inadequacies of the game engine in realizing the ambition the devs had regarding ""the bits in between cutscenes"", or ""gameplay"" as it is otherwise described.The first, and perhaps most irritating problem is that this is at heart a console game, and the port is BAD. The controls are, by default, WASD for movement and the arrow keys for actions. That's right - NO MOUSE. I know this is an old game, but it's a real shame that including support for one of the most basic faculties of a PC wasn't considered a priority, it couldn't have been too difficult to implement considering how much better the game would be for intuitive camera controls.  Without them establishing even a basic awareness of your surroundings can take around half a minute of slowly shuffling around and resetting the camera, which makes even simple tasks extremely fiddly and only accentuates further problems.Secondly, the combat. I can see what the devs were trying to do but it comes out too clunky and situationally a nightmare in the hands of some poorly designed environments. The combat is based off some novel principles - most of the games enemies are undead, and as such require more killing than usual, most encounters will involve incapacitating enemies before destroying their body, with the use of fire, water, sunlight or simply impaling them. This is an interesting mechanic but quickly becomes at best a chore and at worst extremely frustrating.The worst example I can provide is when the player is required to enter a room which contains 3 aggressive enemies but no environmental means of finishing them off, by this time the player has access to a weapon which can incapacitate and finish enemies, while remaining available at all times - but only when the player has full health, as a result, taking even a single hit will remove the player's only means of winning the fight and will require the player to retreat to heal before trying again, this would perhaps be a ""fun challenge"" if the combat possessed any depth, but the lack of any means of blocking or countering enemy attacks makes this an almost impossible task, requiring either luck or to get enemies stuck in the terrain - there is only one attack type (which I might add, is assigned to the same key as USE, have fun bashing doors), this gives the player basically no options regarding combat and allows no means of skill to assist in most encounters. (BTW the example takes place in a room with a multi-level block puzzle. Also the enemies respawn occasionally. FunFunFun.)Like I said, the story is excellent, but if that's all you're there for then you might as well just watch a silent playthrough on youtube, which I actually do recommend.But as far as playing the game yourself is an option, I'd say don't bother.TL;DR -- Gameplay sux, v. dated, bad port but great story, voice acting & visual design."
76561198018511746,Not Recommended,224920,14354963,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Sandstorm,Game does not work with xbox 360 / one gamepad.
,Not Recommended,224920,8741183,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,.Llama,Do not buy this game. It does not run out of the box without modification. And even after modification it runs horribly. You are better off installing a PSX emulator and running that version.
,Not Recommended,224920,26301094,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Feyarch Osiris,"this sucks, my computer is perfectly capable of running a cd rom version of it but the steam version just force closes after the Crystal Dynamics screen? thats ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t"
,Not Recommended,224920,9664004,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,TCP ✪  BATMAN ಥ‿ಥ,"Gameplay: The gameplay is just horrible and clunky. There is no mouse-support whatsoever and even if you play with a gamepad, you can still only go strict left, strict right, strict forward or strict back... No diagonal movements allowed. I also experience a bug where my character just continues to run in the direction it was last going (even though I'm not touching my gamepad at all). I've tested my gamepad and it's not broken. It is in fact the only game where this happens.The bad commands make even the easiest tasks incredibly hard sometimes.Score: 3/10Scenario: The story is just superb and well thought. You really get sucked into this universe from the first few minutes you start playing this game. It is as complex as it is entertaining. You'll have some pleasant surprises along your road, and some less pleasant surprises but I won't spoil ANYTHING! :)Score: 9/10Video/Audio: Soul Reaver is such an old game that it becomes hard to judge such things. Some textures have been polished, which is nice, but on the other hand, the sound seems worse than in 1999 on the PSX version of the game.Score: 6.5/10Overall: The game itself is really great and fun to play. You'll have about 10-20hrs of pure pleasure (depending on how good a gamer you are). I would certainly recommend this game if you don't mind playing with both hands on the keyboard all the time since there is no mouse support and game controller support is really bad.Score: 6/10 I would give the PSX version a 9/10, the points lost are due to the controls and the bad audio."
76561198129082929,Not Recommended,224920,17759355,"Posted: 28 August, 2015",all,hirokaraka,"I love Raziel. I finished Soul Reaver 2 three or four times before playing other games of this franchise. Soul Reaver 1 is badly done, however. The world of Nosgoth, plot and voice acting are great, but that's it. Camera work is terrible, game doesn't support a pad (you must use 3rd party program to make it work) and keyboard controls sucks and swallows. Sound often is delayed, some textures do not load from time to time and game crashes in last location (and not only for me) so you can't complete it (I watched youtube walkthrough instead). You can spend a lot of time exploring, which is nice, but rewards for doing so (except for satisfaction itself) are useless because fighting is too easy. About half of your time you will spend standing in place or running pointlessly around wondering ""what the actual ♥♥♥♥ am I supposed to do THIS TIME?"".Play it if you:-like Raziel-You want to discover all the plot twists in games featuring Nosgothor-You live in 1999."
,Recommended,224920,15355824,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,S A M O I L,"10/10 10/10 100/100 100/100  best game, best game"
76561198046675266,Recommended,224920,16798989,"Posted: 29 June, 2015",all,Dustin,"This game feels much like Darksiders, with less puzzle solving (thank god) and more transitioning between the real world and the spirit world.When you die in the real world you transfer to the spirit world in the same location, needing to gain more health/souls to transfer back.The enemies are extremely hard, and the controls are quite messed up. It's keyboard only and I keep spamming R to ""aim/grapple"" or toss the enemie but it NEVER works.Decent story, kinda sh*tty gameplay.6/10"
,Not Recommended,224920,7793580,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Big Swifty,"As much as it pains me to say it, I can't recommend this. Countless bugs and hitches plague this port, and with no mouse support, you'll have to get creative with the camera panning controls.At times, the sound will completely wreck itself, with almost no sound playing at the right time, or even playing at all. It quickly becomes a muddled mess of extreme latency, and doesn't change unless you restart the game.This is only the tip of the iceberg, of course, as other issues such as the music not changing, some remaining compatibility issues, and a lack of updated graphics (like the Dreamcast version) end up tarnishing the game.If you want to try this fantastic game, get the Playstation version. It's a hell of an experience. Don't let this shoddy port job ruin it."
76561197970701643,Recommended,224920,15335860,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Liam Neeson Punching Wolves,Cast him in.
,Not Recommended,224920,15970912,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Loctar,Horrible.ITS LIKE A BIRTHDAY CAKE WITH A DOG TURD ON IT!They should take all the money they made/stole with this release andmake an optimized HD remake for the fans they robbed with thiscrap sandwich.
76561198031394662,Not Recommended,224920,12975737,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,JDK002,"A lazy, slap-dash port of a classic games that easily ranks in my top 10 favorite games of all time.Terrible controller support that all but forces you to use 3rd party programs to be playable with anything but a keyboard (which is an absolute chore to play this game with.)  Other stability issues beyond that make the amount of tinkering you may need to do for the game to run properly is inexcusable."
76561197970515314,Not Recommended,224920,28815989,"Posted: 29 December, 2016",all,loak,be nice if the game actually worked with windows 7
,Recommended,224920,33617172,Posted: 17 July,all,Adrian,Good
,Recommended,224920,33380559,Posted: 8 July,all,Ciglipaf,epic game
76561198084527406,Recommended,224920,21536655,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Tanktop Millionaire,...
76561198016860513,Not Recommended,224920,12760895,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Sic Donalds,game wont work.. forums and support is no help at all. Sad becasue this was a great game.
,Not Recommended,224920,12968076,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,TheSilverHammer,"The joystick / controller support is fairly bad.  Aside from that the combat is very basic, quite repeitive and dull.   It seems like the game is mostly just running though a long tube with no real choice as to where to go.  I also think the FoV must be quite small because after a while I started feeling a little nauseous.I know in the distant past that friends of mine raved about this game. I think back in the day the games were very simple.  After playing far more complex games, I do not think I can get much, if any enjoyment from the older, simpler games.Its kind of like, you played with match-box cars as a kid, and then one day started playing with RC cars.   Its kind of hard to go back to matchbox cars."
,Not Recommended,224920,12806669,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Strawberry_Pajamas,"Original Game - 7.5/10This Port - 4.5/10It's an old game. A classic. Nostalgia says, I can not wait to play this game, again. Nostalgia is sometimes best left alone. The clunky looking graphics were expected, but the transition from the controller is painful. I honestly miss this game, but it was a star of time long past... like silent films."
,Not Recommended,224920,7862510,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Oken,"I loved the game on dramcast but avoid this one, it doesn't even support xbox game pads, it's full of bugs of all kings. It's really sad cause this game deserved so much better than this poor version."
,Not Recommended,224920,30049534,Posted: 19 February,all,RumDrools,"This game has NOT aged well. The tutorial explains approximately 1/100th of what you actually need to know in order to progress with the game, and that's if you even make it that far past the game's tendency to completely fail to load. This game was clearly designed with a controller in mind (as it's a PlayStation game), and trying to play with a keyboard is a horrendous exercise. Considering that, you'd think they might have patched in modern controller support? Nope, another part of the port that's broken. This game is not worth the $1.74 I bought it for."
,Not Recommended,224920,12733694,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Don't stop me now,"Not working with Xbox360 controller, and Xpad messes too.Keyboard ? are you mad ?"
,Not Recommended,224920,12297029,"Posted: 29 September, 2014",all,Slayer 417,"Game crashes, cannot even get it to start up same with all the other legacy of kain games except for defiance. Don't waste your money."
,Not Recommended,224920,12303011,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,Zee Zaa Zo,WTF?  I have a Microsoft XBOX Controller as well as a Logitech Rumblepad 2 controller and neither work with this game.  Waste of money but then again STEAM loves to take your money for crap games that never work right.  I will only buy games in bundles from now on where they only cost change.
76561198255845630,Not Recommended,224920,22401415,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,tig_friday2,I am so tired of spending money on steam and not being able to play the games i download!  Like i have an Alienware comupter made for gameing but almost everytime i down load a game like this on the compatability does not work.  My computer to to much for the game and i never get to play them
76561198011735358,Recommended,224920,10163144,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Shant1993,"awesome ps1 port, fun gameplay."
76561198027948551,Recommended,224920,10481610,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,Miszi20,"This game is really fantastic. It combines puzzles with a pretty nice fighting system and one hell of a cool story to top it all off. If any of you have played the original release on PS1 you already know this game hasn't been named one of the best games on PS1 without a reason.However this port is quite unsatisfactionary to say the least. It plays just like on PS1, it looks good and I had no problem with setting up my controler to work with it (be sure to not only change the configuration of the controler in game but also to select it to be the prefered method of playing from the pause menu in order to make it work) but there is one huge problem. It crashes randomly. I have tried multiple different resolution settings but either way it crashes every now and then.I have managed to get only about 4 crashes throughout the whole game but at the very end of the game, there are a lot of cutscenes and I had to replay all of them at least 5 times to get past them. It would always crash. Finally, I decided to check for integrity of the game cache (which is an option that can be found when you right click the game in your library and then go to properities) and it found 2 corrupted files. Guees what? One of them was my save file and it got deleted. Right before the last boss fight. All in all, I have managed to find a save file at this exact point on the internet and I have finished the game but I am still quite dissapointed that Crystal Dynamics have done nothing about this problem.To sum it all up - If you like adventure games with good combat system, original story, puzzles and a big world to explore (with a lot of secrets to find, optionally) then this game is definitely for you. Even after over a decade this game still feels right and puts a lot of newer titles to shame. If you don't want to deal with multiple crashes though, you're probably better off buying the original PS1 version and playing it on some sort of emulator.Oh and if you're wondering about gameplay time, it takes about 16-17 hours to complete if you decide to find most of the glyphs and some of the health upgrades but it should take even up to 30 hours (or more?) if you decide to find every upgrade and all of the glyphs. It might also vary a lot depending on how well you solve puzzles. It sometimes takes long time to figure out what to do. I used a guide only twice but I suppose it was much more rewarding to not use it more."
,Recommended,224920,9168228,"Posted: 18 February, 2014",all,Nordin The Lich,"Legacy of Kain: Soul Reaver is one of those games you truly have to play for yourself to appreciate. This game is quite dated, having originally been released in 1999. Despite its age, and the poor graphics by today's standards that comes with such age, Legacy of Kain: Soul Reaver, and truly the entire Legacy of Kain series in general, still remains my very favorite video game of all time. The game's story is marvelously  well written, leaving you wanting to know at all times what happens next, what's around that corner, and what kind of environments you will discover. This game hits it out of the park with not only its well-written story, but its phenomenal audio work too. The soundtrack is absolutely superb, and one of the best video game soundtracks out there. The voice acting is amazing, featuring some big name voice actors, including Tony Jay - famous for Judge Claude Frollo in Disney's The Hunchback of Notre Dame - Simon Templeman, my personal favorite voice actor - famous for many roles, including Gabriel Roman in the Uncharted Series - and many more. Legacy of Kain: Soul Reaver was developed by Crystal Dynamics (famous for the Gex series and Tomb Raider series) and published by Eidos Interactive. The lead director for the game was Amy Hennig, who later went on to co-direct the Uncharted Series. Legacy of Kain: Soul Reaver is filled to the absolute brim with secrets and hidden rewards, and I highly encourage those of you who purchase this masterpiece of a game to explore them all.Legacy of Kain: Soul Reaver, and the entire series in general, is a true masterpiece of gaming. Its graphics may be rather dated by today's standards, but they're rather good for the standards of when it was released in 1999. The true art of this game is not in the graphics, but rather the storyline itself as you follow the fallen Vampire lieutenant Raziel avenge himself and uncover the dark truths of the hypocracy he sought to destroy. With twists and turns around nearly every corner of this exquisite work, you will be highly entertained and likely will want the other games to complete the story. I do warn you however that the storyline can get very complex, but I feel as if that merely adds to some of its charm and beauty.When all is said and done, I cannot recommend this game enough. I grew up with this game as a kid with the original PSOne version. I now own the PSOne disc for this game, the PS3 download of the PSOne classic from the PlayStation Store, and the PC version from Steam. Even as I own three copies of the game, I cannot help but feel as if the game deserves to cost more. At a marvelous price for the quality you get, this game and its entire series are both a must-buy and must-play, and Legacy of Kain remains to this day a true example of what video games should be: An interactive story, and an art form, not just a mindless shoot-em-up. If you've still read to this far in my review, please, do yourself a favor and get this game. If you are not pleased, I will be extremely surprised."
76561198121127530,Recommended,224920,9669111,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Tasty Truck,awesome!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561197967044074,Recommended,224920,9826250,"Posted: 15 April, 2014",all,[LP] Paranoid Android,"I first played Soul Reaver during the old Sega Dreamcast days. Being one of the few games that I owned, I had a natural fondness of the game, in spite of all its difficulties. Camera problems can make the game tedious at times. The graphics are decent for their time. The voice-acting is above average. All in all, this is a nostalgic experience. I rate the game a 6/10."
76561197994979413,Not Recommended,224920,9677703,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,rmsgrey,"Great game, but a lousy port. I'm okay with keyboard control - back in the day, we didn't have these modern analogue sticks - but the intermittent sound bugs (where a sample will stutter and loop rather than ending, drowning out everything else) and, worse, the fatal bugs (I have yet to defeat the spider-boss without the game crashing) make the game unplayable. I'm still hoping that someone will come up with a fix at some point, otherwise, I'd be discussing returns with customer service..."
,Recommended,224920,9679648,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,[FARVA]D'Artagnan,"Very underated, very good"
,Recommended,224920,9682665,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,UnsubtleFox,"Ahh the legacy of kain series. I played soul reaver like crazy back on the dreamcast, never really got tired of it. It's truly a fantastic game, although compared to modern games some people may have difficulty with in game direction, it's easy to get lost or forget what you are doing. The controls are confusing to get accustomed to, i reccomend using a controler and mapping whatever layout you feel best, or look up a classic layout from this games playstation or dreamcast version. Go into this game with patience, and you will be rewarded with an imersive and compelling story paired with intuitive gameplay and a rich story. You will not be disapointed."
,Recommended,224920,9683550,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,9bjames,"Played this on the playstation 1 when it first came out, amazing game.No spoilers: it has a good interesting storyline, decent platforming mechanics with plenty of puzzles and a pretty good combat system, and plenty of secrets/ collectible upgrades to search for. My only criticism is the controls for the PC version... It doesn't have the best controller support, which is something you might want, since the keyboard setup isn't anything to boast about. Still, that's something you can find a work-around for, and it's still a top notch game.I'd recommend this for anyone who's looking for a good classic to play through."
,Recommended,224920,9740361,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,PancakeTony,"Great game, loved it back in the day, this port is a little lacking though :/. It doesnt have support for most newer controllers, so unless you have Xpadder, youre using a keyboard. Using a keyboard for a game like this makes it virtually unplayable. Luckily i have Xpadder so its no big deal. Fantastic game, and series, i wish they had the first blood omen though."
,Recommended,224920,8926091,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Mr. Braun,"The Legacy of Kain is a great game series, despite being so old.The story of the series is great, the voice acting is good and even the game mechanics are good to this day. The graphic part of the the game series hasn't aged that well.The later games are less 'blocky' but they're on even grounds with their grand daddy.Even though my nostalgia goggles have pernamently grown on my eyes, I've yet to finish the game, but that's all because of my own laziness.9/10."
,Not Recommended,224920,9967806,"Posted: 28 April, 2014",all,HydraulicToaster,"I LOVE this game but I haven't been able to get this version to work. Neither Steam nor the publishers offer any support. Until this problem is solved, I have to give it a thumbs down."
76561198056873791,Recommended,224920,11100439,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Γαῖα,"Oh how i love old school games.I was never a fan of kain but love the adventures of raziel, the cool swarve angel of death. Playing the old ps1 game on a PC just brought back the warmth and enjoyment i once had back in the day as though nothing had changed.Sure its being dated is an under statement but the game play remained every bit as enjoyable as raziel morphs from one plain to the next seeking out revenge where ever he can find it. You wont find a dark souls element of difficulty but what you will find is a great story that puts you on an adventure well worth the trip.If after reading this and the other posts you fancy a blast then may i recommend the legacy of kain collection in a steam sale, that way you get soul reaver 1 and 2, blood omen 2 and defiance."
,Recommended,224920,11452524,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,(SMR) DiabloSouleater,Do you hate your brother or brothers? Wish you could kill them with out second thought? You can do just that in this! Your master and leader betrayed you because you have a better advantage then him so he tosses you into the abyss at a attempt to kill you. After a 1000 years of being deadthe wheel of fate has let you serve yournew leader as a soul sucking vampire. You get a range of weapons and enviormental weapons a long with seceret attacks you find by needing your new powers you get from your brothers. The best game out of the Soul Reaver games.
76561198068214257,Recommended,224920,11281088,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,luigui2308,"I played this game when I was a kid, took me a good while to finish, since then I became a fan of the series. This game has an incredible story, I know the graphics are cr** for today's starndards, but it's worth to play."
76561198116111887,Recommended,224920,11537748,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,EQSguy,"A realy fun game with an awesome story, the only problem i had was i couldnt go forward and left at the same time, which made a few points in the game frustrating, but except for that it worked perfect."
,Recommended,224920,11340229,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,sheepshank,"any game where i have to overwrite the built in controls has issues. you cant even properly remap them to a controller they changed them so much. on that note, controllers require external programs to work. fix that and id reccommend cause i love the original"
76561198107193342,Recommended,224920,12101908,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Yumishe,"I loved this game for the Dreamcast, seems Steam has picked up a bad copy and put it up on here, the game skips dialougue. Love the game though."
76561198019544248,Recommended,224920,17107994,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Loco Pena,"It's a really good game. And yeah, you might need to download an unoffical patch. 6/5 would play it again."
76561198029317087,Not Recommended,224920,17390994,"Posted: 4 August, 2015",all,LordMadar,"Excellent game that the publisher saw fit to release on Steam in 2012, but not to update to work with the hardware a player should be expected to be using in 2012 (e.g., Xbox controller). The game does not understand analog controls, and the character is in a constant state of running in circles as long as a contemporary controller is enabled. Resolution options go no higher than 800 pixels and do not stretch to fit during gameplay. In all, the game is broken unless you happen to be using hardware from the time of the title's original release in 1999."
76561198029170452,Recommended,224920,18402136,"Posted: 9 October, 2015",all,dulled_edge,"Not a bad port. Always loved this game, so I'm a bit biased. Take it from me, this series has one of the best stories in gaming period. Try it out if you like it I defy you not to play all of the others just to unravel the tale. Destiny, time travel, interdimensional conspiracies, vampires, and false gods this game is the best place to enter into the series. Between the voice acting and the writing this game is good enough, but Soul Reaver boasts the most enjoyable gameplay in the whole series.The enemies and the environments work togather to create an interative playground for you to test out different and creative ways to clear out rooms. There are several ways to stun enemies from beating the hell out of them, to psychokenetic force balls to throwing rando crap at their faces. And once you've gotten them stunned they're your toys. You can grab them and throw them at hazars like spikes or flames, off cliffs or into the brimy deep. Impale them from afar or up close. It's just too much fun to experiment with.The big plus that always had me entranced with this game is there is no death and no fail state. Your experience flows and remains fun regardless of how good or bad you are doing. While in the physical world if your health is brought down to zero, the world is transformed into the spectral realm. This changes the shape of the world and the enemies that spawn. Devour enough souls and you can return to the physical world die in the specral realm and you are transported back to the first room in the game. This would be frustrating if it werent for the fact that along your journey you discover way gates, and there is a gate right after the first room. So you rarely actually lose progress and through all of this there is nary a load screen.All and all I've played the whole series and love each part for different reasons but this the the best in terms of the total package. If you haven't tried it yet start here."
76561198042432430,Recommended,224920,18364319,"Posted: 6 October, 2015",all,Teryaki,"Not sure why people are not recommending this game!  Yes, the port in its standing is terrible, but once configured using an alternative gamepad program like JoyToKey; the game is exactly like the PS1 or Dreamcast, only better grapics!  I have only 40 minutes on this game (for PC, I have countless hours on PS1) and I already have it all set up the way I want it.  No audio or grapical glitches that I have encountered yet (aside from it being, you know, 16 years old and very polygonal.)  I highly recommend this game, and this port.  I do think Steam and Square needs to fix the version a bit to include better gamepad functionality and maybe update the graphics even more.  It is possible to play this with the correct key configuration on a keyboard, it just takes some time to get used to.  I still highly recommend this game, for old and new comers to the land of Nosgoth!"
76561198165929126,Recommended,224920,19529469,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,nikeyboombox,great game but you have to play all the games to really understand and enjoy the game. all and all a 10 out of 10 game if you feel like going back in the days.
,Recommended,224920,20314844,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Blin (Hiatus),"I used to play this quite a lot back in the day when ps1 was the bestest of the bestest. though i never finished it. a really good game still.my only complain is that gamepads doesen't seems to work properllly forcing me to require assisntence from 3rd party software in order to play since the controlls are definitlly not meant to be played with keybord.still, the G-damn nostalgia,you take control of a bad-a*s soul vampire while beating the crap otta other vampire overlords. thats enough for me."
,Recommended,224920,19427713,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Hosio,"I've played this game when I was in primary school, and I've played it though a few more times since then, and it's still one of my all time favourites, together with the rest of this series. The story in this game and the following ones is a true gem in the gaming industries, and was written by Amy Hennig - the author who wrote the plot for all Uncharted games and works now on Star Wars. On top of that, the voice acting is as brilliant, as the story. I wish there would be and enhanced or remastered edition of the game, because the graphics are very outdated."
76561198088387859,Recommended,224920,19964722,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Gore the Thief,same old game new memories. finaly i can carry on with the old school ps1 soul reaver
76561198019906160,Recommended,224920,20123924,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,NetMoverSitan,"This is probably the last Legacy of Kain game that had open exploration, you start off without the means to get to certain areas, but once you have them, there are quite a few optional areas and collectables to pick up. These are not required to beat the game, but they can help out in the long run. With an epic plot and voice acting, this game shall provide much amusement.It can also bring frustration as it has one feature in it that was about as popular in games in the 1990's as disproportionate breasts (e.g. much bigger than the frame of the one who has them) - BLOCK MOVING PUZZLES!!! If you're terrible at puzzles in general...you might want to bypass this one, if you want to do them as well as figure out where to go, where to jump and navigate a path through a dying landscape, then this is worth checking out."
,Recommended,224920,20283475,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,Zeke,"This is the classic Legacy of Kain: Soul Reaver that you, like me most likely, played on the original Playstation! It's still the same, and still rather good, though there are two major problems with this port that you should know:FIRST: This is a direct port of the Playstation version, not the Dreamcast. This won't trouble many people, but.....SECOND: The sound issues with this port are deplorable. Music won't work correctly and will reset when the game is paused, sound will cut out or altogether be delayed and sound static-like, and, the worst sin, there are songs missing from the game. From my own play through, these are the missing tracks: all of the spectral music, boss music, various combat loops, and the puzzle OSTs.I'd actually recommend getting an emulator and playing the Playstation or Dreamcast version over this."
76561198025405331,Recommended,224920,20501668,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,sidewinder_G,"Before I begin, I cannot stress enough the important of not getting this on PC. Soul Reaver is way too old to be compatible with modern day computers. Now then . . .This is a game mirroring an era where getting lost was part of the experience and the gameplay and voice acting were stellar. While newcomers to the Legacy Of Kain series might be lost a bit, Raziel provides a clean slate for players. Someone to identify with and someone who grows more mature along with us as we play. And the voice actors, oh dear Nosgoth, the voice actors. Intimidating when they should, imposing when they need to be and identifiable every step of the way. Vampires were never before cast under this kind of light and Soul Reaver gives more lore for us to swim into the tragedy of what it means to be part of a machine that could as well be a metaphore for today's game industry or any industry for that matter.Just be prepared to get lost a bit."
,Recommended,224920,20458183,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,Obiel,"The ""Legacy of Kain: Soul Reaver"" is a Playstation classic.  It is challengine to play, has amazing characters, and ""Tomb Raider"" style puzzles.  The puzzles aren't as difficult as ""Tomb Raider"" puzzles, but has its own unique style.  Its a darker game, about vampires, and doesn't follow suit with the stereotypical vampires.  The ambient music is dark, and it fits with the game, plus it doesn't overpower the gameplay.  It is a platformer that really makes you think.The downsides to this game are minor.  It can be too confusing or difficult at times.  The graphics aren't new, so this game may look to be poor quality, but was pretty good for its time.  A few glitches that can hinder gameplay (not many at all) are around.  Weapons don't respawn since they stay where you left them.For those who enjoy a challenging puzzle, platforms, and a unique style of gameplay, this game could be for you.  The story for this game is one to remember.  The only downside to the story is it continues on to the second game, so no second game, no complete story."
76561198054248067,Recommended,224920,20453760,"Posted: 10 January, 2016",all,SmurfSassin,It's a cult...YOU NEVER PLAYED IT!? GET INTO IT RIGHT NAAAAOWWWWW!!One of the sagas that really could keep you STUCK to the screen soo good it's unreal.You haven't played it yet!? GET TO IT!
,Recommended,224920,20480432,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,NightShift,"Love it. Great game with a great storyline. Checkout the rest of the series, this one is great as an entry to the series."
,Recommended,224920,20152889,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Fireeye,"Well, it appears I changed my mind on this title in retroperspect. My initial points still stand - the game's camera system often is nothing short of awful, and the Steam version is a very lackluster port that is wildly inferior to the original PS/Dreamcast versions.That being said, the game has plenty of good sides - there's an entire set of spells that sort of act as a side-quest in that you will never run into them if you just follow the main mission. The platforming generally is solid (so long as the camera doesn't get in your way), and although the combat system has its issue (with enemies thrown onto the stabby bits necessary to pernanetly kill them often magically landing next to them rather than on them), its still rewarding in its own way - the fact that you usually fight no more than 2-3 enemies at a time shows that you're fighting against powerful vampires, not jut plain old mortals.All things considered, Soul Reaver is a neat specimen of classical jump'n'run adventures, but suffers from the camera and collision issues games of its time often had to deal with. If you can tolerate the latter, it is nonetheless an enjoyable experience."
76561198071951828,Recommended,224920,18750989,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,TetsuGaKu,"This is one of my Favorite games. I loved this game ever scense it came out on the original xbox. it is fun to play but you may want to invest in an xbox 360, ps3, xbox one, or ps4 controller inorder to play this game to its best potential."
,Recommended,224920,18448944,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Zan Shadows,A fun classic game wish i could use a controller though.
76561198052479714,Recommended,224920,19320748,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,DemonicBeary,"This game is a classic that really surprised me when I first played it on Playstation. I had never even heard of Leagacy of Kaine until my uncle gave me Soul Reaver many years ago. The puzzles are challanging but once you figure out what youre suposed to do its a lot easier to progress. I bought this game cause of nastalgia and Im pretty pleased with how well the pc port works. I highly recomend for anyone to try out the legacy of kaine seris. It's a lot of fun, eventhough the block puzzles can be a pain in the butt at times, it's still worth giving a try. I personally havent beaten Soul Reaver yet but I look forward to beating it after all these years."
76561198100632025,Recommended,224920,15541336,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,ATCHAFALAYA HATAK,I recommend this whole series
76561198174613757,Recommended,224920,16823128,"Posted: 1 July, 2015",all,Nakajima the Berserker,"I remember playing this game long ago, but on the PC version, I don't know how to start the game. It says ""Press Start"". I dunno what that would be on keyboard..."
,Recommended,224920,9659281,"Posted: 28 March, 2014",all,TheBatmanRules,Impaled a guy with a spear then sucked his soul. Would suck soul again 9/10.
,Not Recommended,224920,18271398,"Posted: 30 September, 2015",all,Hussar,"I LOVE this game! However, as excellent as it is, the condition of it on Steam is not very good. Their are a few certain areas where you will crash if you save there (and try to load that save) so you must restart the whole game. One example is me saving before I get to Melchiah's inner Necropolis, taking a break, getting back to it, only for the game to crash upon loading the save.TL;DR Get this game but get it from somewhere else."
76561198115605723,Recommended,224920,7935000,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,BlueÖyster,"Played this game on the PlayStation when i was younger and just got completley captivated by the whole gothic, vampire theme.There really isn't anything like the Legacy of Kain series in the way it portrays vampires. There is so much lore and history to discover in these games. SoulReaver is technically the second game if you put the games in release order with BloodOmen being the first, but it's set far in the future of all the other games. This may be a little confusing with some of the characters dialogs because they often refer to events which the player would not have witnessed (yet). This for me is what has kept me curious of the whole history of Nosgoth and wanting to play more.In this game you'll experience a unique concept, puzzles and gameplay. Exploration is rewarding and the story will make you want to uncover the truth behind Kains evenful actions. If you love vampires, a dark gothic atmoshpere and a gripping plot you'll love these games!!!!"
,Not Recommended,224920,13206343,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,metharme,"Doesn't work with my xbox 360 controller; seems laggy and buggy too.  Soul Reaver 2 crashed but I haven't gotten this one to work with my controler to see if it crashes.Sad cause it's a great game, just this port probably isn't worth you time. :("
76561198001412014,Recommended,224920,13245359,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Xeno,Amazing old school classic AAA+++
,Recommended,224920,13303928,"Posted: 10 December, 2014",all,Ham w/ t300rs gt,"I have been a fan of Legacy of Kain series but never did play this game when I was a child because the game was too simply too dark for me but the whole lore of the series has intrigued me in the longest time (my dad played this game and was immediately hooked as am I).I played this game after playing Blood Omen: Legacy of Kain for the PC(Why didn't they have this on Steam?) and like Blood Omen, the story is clearly superior to other games of its time, having a superior voice acting talent in this game with a proper direction of the story to boot. The characters in this game are pretty likable in telling the story of the game, the character you play, Raziel, often tells you, time to time, his views of the current world he is in, in a pretty elaborate and amusing way during his journey. I have to say the character development regarding him is well done once you are done with the game. This game's story takes you far into the future, centuries after Blood Omen. There are few references from Blood Omen that are mentioned in the game, I'd say it's not that important to play Blood Omen, but it's clearly recommended for future references in the other games.The gameplay seems fresh for a PSOne/PC(1999) title, 3D Platforming is a notable element of the game, jumping around the place feels very organic in a way that it paved way for future 3D action/adventure to takes notes on basic things such as climbing using the ledge to reach another platform. Gliding feels pretty organic too because of the big and high places you will venture to, it proved useful in Raziel's journey.This game also has puzzles for you to uncover while most of them are cube puzzle where you have position the cube like objects to its correct positions, although it feels pretty ridiculous as God of War's Kratos doing the same thing(and Thank golly, it was this game that started this element of gameplay), it felt pretty fun and I had the feeling I have to finish it right away, but I can't help that I'm thinking that Raziel would be better off as a ""Plumber"" of sorts, he certainly has a great talent for it, *snicker*.The fighting system feels that it contributed a lot to upcoming games such as Devil May Cry, Dark Souls and other action/adventure games that have a feature for you to lock on the enemy in close combat while holding a button. While holding the ""autoface"" button, you automatically focus on your current adversary and anticipate his move. While in this state you anticipate his upcoming attack and dodge with the proper directional button and the jump button. This would lead the enemy to be in the open, off-guarded. It's a simple mechanic that does its job well in the starting stages but as you progress, you uncover more skills you can abuse to your enemies such as things from side quests.Side Quests in the game does make the game a little easier but it is no easy task to uncover them blindly though. The side quests contain powerups that would increase your health, your magic and your arsenal such as glyph spells. The game would be little more of a challenge if you play without the powerups, but just a little because of one little thing.This game setting has you going into different realms time to time in real time. I'd say it's an impressive feature back in the day, because the 3d setting changes/transforms IN REAL TIME as you change from one realm to another and it is needed for you to do in order to progress more into the story.The enemy designs are pretty grotesque and scary, it is what repelled me from playing it as a kid. I think third boss and its minions takes the cake that will keep preventing me from getting a sleep for a day, two or three if I was dealing with this game back then. Dealing with the bosses require you to analyze the environment and take it as an advantage to defeat you adversary, it will take time figuring it out but you will accomplish it nonetheless.The sounds are fit the setting but the ambience of the setting puts me on edge especially when the game decide to bugs regarding the sound such as sound loops and what not, you know I just have to reset and load the game from where I was. Voice acting is top notch, it is dramatic but it does its job pretty well for a video game of its age.This game has certain bugs/glitches such as game crashing suddenly during lengthy play times in a sitting, enemies going T-Stance on you all of the sudden, sound loops that are pretty scary and nerve wrecking. They are pretty minor and not necessarily would break the game render unplayable.  Just save consistently, you can save anywhere. I MEAN IT.I played this game using a twin PSone/PS2 controlller usb converter and the game responds well to my controller. I don't know about 360 wired controllers though.Playing this game in this day and age is pretty refreshing from the modern games we have now and I have to say this game did age well in its own. I would rate the game 9/10 if not 10/10. A truly underappreciated game."
76561198053344461,Recommended,224920,14758945,"Posted: 6 March, 2015",all,spinge bill,"This classic was a great installment in the Legacy of Kain seires, but not not a dirrect sequel to Blood Omen, so if you played the first game, and you want to continue the seires in that manner, get Blood Omen 2, for this game I highly recommend remaping the whole keybourd unless you like god awfull controls. Good gameplay, amazing story and a great setting I give this game 10\10"
,Recommended,224920,14707227,"Posted: 1 March, 2015",all,Nacho,"It's a platforming classic. Can't go wrong with this game if you can handle it bit a little more than dated. Great puzzles, pretty good level design, amazing writing, fantastic atmosphere, and some of the best voice acting to ever show up in gaming. The ending is totally unsatisfying, but if you have the second game it should be all good."
76561198042479626,Recommended,224920,14601300,"Posted: 22 February, 2015",all,BrambleLamb,"I remember wanting this game as a kid, so I jumped at the chance to get it. Legacy of Kain: Soul Reaver is a great game. The agency, while it takes some time to become competent with due to poor but doable controls, feels really good. As you play you become better at playing, almost as if mirroring Razael's revival and strengthening. The game has a steady drip of interesting lore and a plot that leaves you wondering what the next part is. The puzzles often have you stumped until you remember that you can change the world by changing planes, which adds a layer of depth to them. The combat feels pretty decent but simple and can take a bit to become good as different enemies actually have slightly different approaches. The boss fights though are almost all amazing in that they are not blunt fighting but more puzzles. When you die you simply shift to the spectral plane, giving you a chance to come up with a new plan. The platforming, much like the typical combat, is simple. Unlike the combat though, gets more depth as you unlock more abilities.Obviously the game has its flaws: dated graphics, occasional crashes with no catalyst, poor controls, and the such. But those really do come with older games and are outweighed by the better aspects of this game. This game isn't long, but it certainly isn't short. If this game has caught your eye at all, I'd definitely recommend it."
76561198121662870,Recommended,224920,14137735,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,megapants444,"It holds up rather well for a VERY dated PS1 game. You can try using a controller but most of the functions won't work on it,  so you're going to have to use the keyboard. Only in game problem you'll come across is saving. You can save, but every time you turn the game back on, you start in the very first area (The Abyss). Save only if you have easy access to an area by use of teleportation portals."
,Recommended,224920,13597366,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,ShackledDreamz,"I love this game, but is anyone else having trouble starting it up."
,Recommended,224920,13598716,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,ingeeknito,"I loved the story in this game,  how you get the power ups by killing your brothers, the atmosphere on each level and the dialogue of each character 10/10"
76561197973014470,Recommended,224920,13603550,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,Robo Jones,"Even though i never owned a PS1 i still consider this a great game, thought the controls are a bit iffy from time to time"
,Recommended,224920,13557202,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,loganfh1017,i love it the nestalga is insane its a must have to fans!!!!!!!!!!!! the only downside is the controls
,Recommended,224920,6790459,"Posted: 16 July, 2013",all,Nyaa,The only bad thing you need to know about this game is:You wasted your time by not playing it
76561197990406921,Recommended,224920,15065847,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,MMG Man,great action game
76561198162704486,Recommended,224920,22011986,"Posted: 23 March, 2016",all,Motyogo,I just love this game.I had this game long time before a steam copy.I have played trough all of the Legacy of Kain series for a couple times.I loved the logic puzzles and the epic story line.Somehow this game series will always have a special part within my memories.Do not expect amazing graphics since it is an old retro game but this is good as it is.
,Recommended,224920,27933506,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,BetterBryan,"From retrospect this game has great violence, maturity, voice acting and character development.  Just get a 3rd party controller software to play it with controller."
,Recommended,224920,27777302,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,"!"""" LASTNEWBIE-",The best game ever!
76561198052328780,Recommended,224920,27107151,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Dimethipin,"feels just like the old game on xbox, amazing"
,Recommended,224920,27271958,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Nicolás López,"One of the best games I've ever played. The Lore is Amazing and complex.Maybe it's a bit dated... But It's worth playing still. The Ambience, the music, the voices, everything is carefully worked to be perfect. It's a shame they screwed it with the second secuel and the spin off (Blod Omen II)."
,Recommended,224920,27216693,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,VxVReaperVxV,"Classic game and great storyline. Give it a try and judge it for yourself, its worth the money especially if its on a steam deal."
76561198099945274,Recommended,224920,27417070,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,coldveins,"Timeless classic, along with all of the franchise."
76561197970429185,Recommended,224920,26866946,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Soulreaver,One of my favourite all time games- luckily the port works fine for me and I used Xpadder to get my xbox controller working.
,Recommended,224920,26950152,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,C H R I S ラビオリ,"The year is 1999.The series was a reasonably established and when we found out there was going to be a new one, everyone was excited to see Kain's progression as a vampire and his expertly written narration of an exciting new story.And then the trailers were released. We are suddenly told that Kain is the antagonist of the game and that was truely puzzeling. It wasn't often that you saw the protagonist of the earlier games be the bad guy. But enough about/back in the day/stories. Let's talk about the game.THE STORY. Is it any good?The Legacy of Kain series has always had delicious, delicious narration throughout every game and this one is no different. It's a great way of giving exposition. Though sometimes they take control of your caracter for an unreasonable amount of time to vomit exposition down your throat, but at least it's all very well written.THE GAMEPLAY. Does it hold up?This game was well made and rarely bugged out and had great mechanics and decent camera control. (In egoraptor's voice: for the time...) The thing is about third person games, they didn't have a clear idea of how to most efficiently program the controls, like most games at the time. And even so the camera sometimes get distracted with a wall or some♥♥♥♥♥♥that doesn't matter, it didn't really bother all that much for the most part because fighting had a lock on system and the geometry was mostly simple. The only problem I encountered was in the plataforming segments. This game has a lot of that. and sometimes there were stupid time constraints (because of the many puzzles) on top of plataforming and my 8 y.o. self got extremely frustrated at times.Fighting is pretty basic... And dying is virtually impossible because when you die in the material world you go back to the spiritual world where only goofy dobby looking monsters are present most of the time and they're not really much of a threat. And regaining health is just a matter of holding one button and sucking every cotton candy ball floating around all over the place (AKA Souls). But given how the game is mostly plataforming and puzzles, that's not really an issue.-------CONCLUSION-------In conclusion I'd give this game asexy voice naration/10.The controls are decent for 1999 and vampires are pretty coolsers.This game was a big inspiration for the guys who made Darksiders 2, I'm pretty sure. Both games are narated, puzzle driven stories with the bad guy being the protagonist of the earlier game, so if you like Darksiders you should really try Soul Reaver, or any Legacy of Kain game. Also I'd like to point out that Square Enix are remaking this game so I'm looking foward to that.Kain Dies.Not really."
76561198027683024,Recommended,224920,26975644,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Andrexton81,One of the best games from PlayStation 1I recomend the full saga of this game!
,Recommended,224920,26894110,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Undead-chan,"If you like good Voice Acting, a deep lore, and some alright fighting mechanics, this is the game for you."
,Recommended,224920,26906057,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,B-Rad FIT Rider,Soul Reaver is the best voice acting ever.
76561198050054632,Recommended,224920,26980123,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,dancing death,This game has been one of my favourite since the day it had come out. It has a great story thats you can follow thoughout the legacy of kain and blood omen games.
,Recommended,224920,27856198,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Riddler,I come back to it every time I wish to play a game with great storyline and very good puzzles. Timeless classic.
,Recommended,224920,27592391,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Griever,best game
,Recommended,224920,23979316,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,Bryan VR,"GREAT MEMORIES SINCE PSONE.... YES IT WORTH IT but you need lots of patience to the puzzles and to realise that this is a great Franchise without the best graphics!the only bad point for you STEAM, NO CLOUD SYNC AVAILABLE.. so if you're gonna swap your system.. make sure to make a backup with your save games..."
,Recommended,224920,7553993,"Posted: 2 November, 2013",all,theSHHAS,"If you like America, you will love this game.-Barack Obama"
76561198197708703,Recommended,224920,23228806,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,Feniri,"A must play game series you don't see many like it.If you are having problems getting it to run on windows 7-10 then go to your game app file, find Kain2.exe right click, go to properties, compatibility and set the mode to windows 7/8."
76561198114498205,Recommended,224920,23604468,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,Phica,"Classic game, classic story. (Even better if you port a controller with it.)"
76561198232524716,Recommended,224920,23745222,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,My Pix,"probably one of my favorite games ever... next to runescape and dark souls. Hearing that Square Enix shut down Nosgoth, i felt a piece of me break off and shrivel up and just lay on the floor.. dead. Soul reaver is a great game, but has some what bad pc controls. The story, the atmosphere, hell even the graphics are great in this game. Give it a shot, wait for it to go on sale for $1."
,Not Recommended,224920,20543031,"Posted: 15 January, 2016",all,Skeletor,"I wanna move forward,  how do I move forward.  oh? the back key?  That's nice."
,Recommended,224920,21618666,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Sir Wankalot,"If it wasn't for the lovely people in the Community tha helped me fix the crash issues, I would have deleted this game and asked for a refund.Don't let good games like these go to waste"
,Recommended,224920,21895913,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,CaptainWaterboy,PLEASE FIX THIS PORT!!!! UHHHHH
76561198133271090,Recommended,224920,21871587,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Shizo,Want non-sparkly vampires? CheckAwesome music? CheckInnovative gameplay? CheckBest story in gaming? CheckOutdated visuals? Who cares!?12/10
,Recommended,224920,28751018,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,illicious,The level of revenge one feels while progressing through Nosgoth is haunting.The once vampire Raziel now vampire demon of souls must seek vengeance from Kain for casting him into the abyss.Soul Reaver.. How cool is this game!One of the best vampire underworld games with a great story.A+ Classic.
,Recommended,224920,4855862,"Posted: 18 January, 2013",all,Jazz,"Best ♥♥♥♥ing Game EVER.Best Soundtrack, Best Story, Best Characters, Best Voice Acting, Best EVERYTHING.10/10"
76561198157969500,Recommended,224920,33357648,Posted: 7 July,all,dm1138,Absolutely loved this game when it came out on PlayStation In the far off yesteryears of the 90's. Still a really good game even with the port to PC. My only real complaint is the controller support is non existent and it isn't exactly an easy game to play with a keyboard.... even long time gamer such as myself.
,Recommended,224920,11680699,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,sync54,this game is vampires
76561197975018756,Recommended,224920,29075882,Posted: 6 January,all,llVIU,"surprisingly works fine for me. Meant to play with a controller, no support for a mouse, so controls are bad but still playable. Puzzle adventure game with a decent storyline, however the graphics are utter♥♥♥♥♥♥ It has a really good ps1 graphics, dark enviroment to it. Good ps1 game"
,Recommended,224920,30074889,Posted: 21 February,all,MooMooMang,"This game is great! I don't even know how it got in my library. I wish It didn't have gamepad support though, since it messes with steam controller configurations. Basically, you have to play with a keyboard. But other than that, it's amazing."
,Recommended,224920,21538159,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Σnvy,"The game  has some audio bugs but if you delete/rename the sound dll everything will works (weird right?). Except some sound will not play. Well, better than noise."
76561197991136566,Recommended,224920,33713508,Posted: 21 July,all,omega_iteration,Oh my... The story line is amazing. Though keyboard play is a lot wonky.
,Not Recommended,224920,33908681,Posted: 30 July,all,Mr. Matt,"Note: I have completed the disc version on PC, played the Steam version for about an hour with a custom patch I downloaded from the Steam forum because it crashes without it for me, and loaded up with the original exe to get Steam to recognize at least a few minutes of play so I could do a review.On to my thoughts!Much like Raziel's wings, I'm very torn here. The game's visuals, camera controls, a bit of clunkiness inherent of the era the game came out in, etc...numerous things are making the game a big cringey today, even though I played and enjoyed it when it was new enough, completing the game and liking it pretty well at the time. These aspects of the game could be a little divisive for players, since it's hardnotto notice how hard it is to look up or manage the camera at times, and how Raziel's jumps can be a little tough to anticipate at times, combat's a little clunky, etc.I'm not prepared to say that Soul Reaver should just go away, though. What we have here is a bunch of great premises: a vampire turned into something else that consumes souls instead of blood, out to get revenge on the sire who wounded him, stealing powers from his brothers he destroys along the way, each of whom have mutated into freaking-cool-looking monstrosities, all while serving some mysterious cool-voiced underworld entity with fantastic voice acting and a cool setting. It has a good story and premise, great voice acting, and Iloveusing vampires' weaknesses to destroy them, such as chunking them into direct sunlight, impaling them, tossing them in water, lighting them on fire, etc.Nosgoth seems like areallycool setting that technical limitations and budgetary concerns have been hampering its exposure to the world. We see a couple of humans in very brief about-to-die moments, which would have been fun to see expanded out a little into something more, to better feel the impact of the vampire scourge on Nosgoth. Older tech also meant less foliage, wall decorations, knick-knacks/details in indoor areas, and just such a bare-bones approach.I guess what I'm getting at is that people who think the original game is perfect as is have that perfect experience they enjoy, while I would love to see a remake along the lines of the GameCube Resident Evil, in that virtually everything is improved while keeping the spirit and story of the original and all of the memorable stuff that was great. I would buy and play the living hell out of a remake of this game done with that level of improvement and modification to modernize, innovate, and yet still maintain the integrity of what matters most in the game."
76561198041745367,Recommended,224920,34157142,Posted: 10 August,all,staticrot,hate the controls but love the game
76561198031978564,Recommended,224920,34773823,Posted: 6 September,all,imjacobyournot,Loved this game growing up!CONS: The Devolopers don't update the game for PC.The game needs a windowed mode badly.The game needs to support more gamepads.PROS: The game has great story telling.Great gameplayCool charactersawesome boss fightsvery cool world map.
76561198067110294,Not Recommended,224920,16483426,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,number1boredom,"Window 7 users beware, if you try to play this game it is very likely you will get sound issues when playing this game.I can't even pay attention to the story because the diolouge keeps skipping and there isnt a subtitles option. patches for this issue exist for the windows xp and vista but we windows 7 users are out of luck."
76561198014327787,Not Recommended,224920,17452556,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Mr. E Meatshield,"According to Steam, I played this for twenty-one hours. I could say that isn't really the case. A lot of that time was spent trying to get it to work. The game would work perfectly one day, then would just stop working on another. There are even times where it crashes taking a few steps after the game lets you play. Not to mention the amount of times I had to reinstall this game.Although I'm totally fine with the game only being 30FPS, I tried SRHook to play it at 60. Doing so will make the game skip all the cinematics. I asked on the Game's Discussion page if there was a way to still get the cinematics to play while using SRhook, and was told that there isn't anything that can be done. So, I just decided to remove SRHook when I got to parts that had cinematic cutscenes.I used a Dualshock 4 and Inputmapper to map the controller buttons to be keyboard inputs since just using an xinput controller won't make it work properly.It's really a shame that this game suffers from these problems as it's still pretty solid during the times when it actually worked. It felt like it did when I first played it on the Playstation, I never finished it then, which is why I got it here on Steam. Besides the problems stated above, I didn't encounter any game breaking bugs or glitches. Just make sure that when using SRHook, cap the framerate at 60 as it'll mess the game up a bit when played higher than that, specifically with some puzzles that need the constrict ability. But that's not the game's fault. The gameplay still holds up, each boss isn't just a straight up fight, and are themselves puzzles (except for two). The story is a big part of the whole Legacy of Kain saga, and is still in my opinion one of the best in gaming to this day.If you can put up with the crashing, and are lucky enough to not have the game stop working at all, it'll be a good experience. If you have very little patience with these things, you may want to pass on this version and play it on the PS3 or if you still have your PS1."
,Not Recommended,224920,13188483,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Wheeleybird,"Does not work for a large portion of people. Great game IF it works.4/10, would not bang"
,Not Recommended,224920,14106100,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Big Green,"I love this game it is one of my very favorite games ever but it does not play on steam. If you want to play the game (which I HIGHLY reccommend) do not get it for steam get it for the PS1. It glitches and is very very choppy when you try to play it on steam.If you are interested in the game it has great puzzles, some awesome combat action, a great in depth plot, and a nice open world style map. The legacy of Kain series is amazing in it's entirety but it is best played on their originally intended platforms."
,Not Recommended,224920,16508457,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Punished Peenster,"Wont start... the game is poorly optimized for newer computers, DO NOT GET THIS!"
76561198161960467,Not Recommended,224920,17279571,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,McAkkeezz,I got it in a bundle during the summer sale and decided to try it. After the first cutscene and a couple minutes of gameplay the audio starts stuttering. Annoying as ♥♥♥♥. Emulate it.
76561197972545610,Not Recommended,224920,19049844,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,CrazyBladez666,"I bought this to cheer myself up while i had the flu and guess what......Kain2.exe has stopped working! Curses! Such a Shame, i would love to play this again, but without having to mess with it and trawling the net for answers (of which there are few, and seem to go in loops). Somone please remaster this, it would be so awesome! I read that it was getting a full reboot as an XBLA title, but that was a while ago. Fingers crossed. This particular version is useless as far as i'm concerned. On the other hand, the 'Soul Revenant' project looks most intriguing........."
76561198058388724,Not Recommended,224920,23604856,"Posted: 16 June, 2016",all,morbius246,This is a bad port. There is a lack of any decent controller support. When you have to use mods in order to even make a game playable then there is a problem. I hear the GOG version of this game actually runs well though. So people should check that out instead.
,Recommended,224920,35176294,Posted: 24 September,all,Cedjoe,Nice game
