user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198142086942,Recommended,225020,19387805,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,TheArcadeKid,"Atmosphere. It’s not the sluggish controls, or the missing textures, or the plot inconsistencies, or Lara’s hilarious death cry that make this half-baked mess worth revisiting. It’s a game world in which everything you see and hear oozes with the atmosphere of a film noir. It’s a game world that rivals Shadow of the Colossus in its loneliness, Max Payne in its bleakness, and Resident Evil in its sense of growing dread. It’s a place we never thought we’d see Lara go, and a place we’ll never see her go again.From the onset, we’re plunged into the seedy urban backdrop of Paris, and immediately it feels foreign, alien - there is no Eiffel tower in the distance, no idyllic boulevards, nothing to imply any sense of comfort or hospitality. Instead we explore back alleys with barking dogs chained to the walls, rain falling on dumpsters that need emptying, drainpipes running along decrepit buildings that at a glance might resemble an ancient tomb.In The Angel of Darkness, the exotic has not been replaced with the urban - the exotic has been replaced with the decaying and the abandoned. In this respect, the locales featured in the game are more similar to previous instalments than first assumed, and they retain the same sense of danger and peril, cranked up to eleven.This is partly because of an engrossing story that sees Lara accused of a crime she cannot recall committing. She’s on her own, stalked by police determined to bring someone, anyone in, to feign progress in their investigation of a series of violent murders. Suddenly Lara’s status as a world famous adventurer counts for nothing - her only friend is dead and she’s by herself in an unfamiliar country. Worse yet, none of this is her choice - she has not chosen to be in this situation, and instead it is one she is forced to fight her way out of. It’s the setup to a rewarding plot well ahead of its time for 2003, marred by a few glaring flaws, but absolutely worth sticking out to its conclusion. There is a real sense of action here, both intelligent and thrilling.Sometimes, however, the danger conveyed stems from unreliable controls, glitchy physics and trial-and-error platforming/combat. Earlier Tomb Raider games were not easy, but gameplay mechanics were in place that guaranteed consistency - a standing jump would always perform exactly as expected, as would a running jump, and even the simpler but essential action of walking could be depended on to save Lara from falling off a ledge, usually to the sound of cracking bones. In The Angel of Darkness, a more conscious use of these actions is required - walking may see Lara decide to drop down and grab the end of a ledge at a crucial moment, a standing jump with the wrong trajectory or too close to a wall may see her veer off in the wrong direction, and simply drawing a gun can be followed by all manner of movement hiccups. A poorly implemented upgrade system doesn’t help, giving Lara further jumps and a higher level of “grip” at regular intervals, presumably to offer a new element to platforming, but in reality only succeeding in making it harder to tell whether or not she’ll be able to clear that gap.Like most of the game’s design flaws and technical issues, this can be overcome by more patient gamers by a save system that can be used on-the-fly. From there, it’s a relatively smooth journey through around 30 levels of varying quality, each accompanied by one of the game’s saving graces, a haunting soundtrack that works as the perfect compliment to dark backstreets, unearthed tombs and industrial complexes acting as a front for something far, far more sinister. Cutscene direction enjoys similar success - arguably the game’s best moments are watched, not played - achieving a cinematic quality rivalled in 2003 only by the likes of Metal Gear Solid and Final Fantasy, not in terms of graphical fidelity but by a visual flair that goes beyond merely taking the audience from point A to B. Lara turns off the power, unwittingly unleashing a failed experiment (and setting up a boss fight for later), and we see the brutal havoc it leaves upon escaping its enclosure.The Angel of Darkness is a beautiful disaster. Very little works as it should - the equilibrium of platforming, puzzles, and action perfected over the previous five instalments has been replaced by a Frankenstein of gameplay mechanics that, in spite of whatever intentions the developers might have had, do nothing in their existing form to enhance the overall experience. The game, then, is not for everyone. Yet there is enough here to entertain over its roughly 12 hour length, and if you can overlook the obvious issues, you may be lucky enough to catch a glimpse of the masterpiece that could have been."
,Recommended,225020,8991531,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,PeterSims,"If you are an avid fan of the Tomb Raider series (especially the CORE classics!) this may be the game for you!The plot is quite 'Murder Mystery-esk' which later stems into an extremely grand story involving another protaganist and Nephilm.The controls can get quite bothersome, thus why you can download this awesome fan-patch by Sasho!http://www.tombraiderforums.com/showpost.php?p=6993845&postcount=373It features/enhances1. A better movement system whilst on stairs.2. New/Improved Stance Moves.3. Enchanced speeds & a more 'dynamic' movement system from the PlayStation 2 version of the game.4. Fixed 'corner' system with the removed wall-hit animations.5. Adds the PS2 blood/snow sytem back into the game.6. Revamped health-system - Including Core's original movement plan! (Lara will now limp, if serverly injured.)There is another fix that exists to 'fix' the broken maps included in the Steam version (v.52) - Slayer's Tomb Raider - Angel of Darkness Ultimate Patch or (v62)http://www.tombraiderforums.com/showpost.php?p=6994736&postcount=1The game with the afformentioned patches is awesome and has a worthy spot in franchise history. This is a great game with an awesome plot, great mechanics and other awesome details!"
,Recommended,225020,8166358,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,[APG]RoboCop[CL],"Well if you got the retail version then you may get your saves corrupted as the inital release of this game had some severe 3Dfx glitches, and some bits that Core Design should of wiped those bugs before sending it to the market.For this Steam version, however, it appears to be working fine. I don't know if those GFX settings in the startup menu are well operational when you adjust the GFX to Max Power. So do be careful and maybe check your drivers or go to the Tomb Raider website for FAQ info.But for my honest opinion I think this Steam version will run well - as I don't expect any patches being automatically downloaded that may corrupt the saves, unlike last time with the retail version.Make sure this game is running v52 build and don't change the Frame Rate Compensation and keep it at [Fast] and maybe set the Camera and Character Cubemap Reflections set at [Occasional]."
,Not Recommended,225020,7963107,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,MalikNZZ,"Everyone I've ever talked to who liked this game either liked every game with Lara Croft in it regardless of its flaws, or had an almost fetishistically creepy attraction to Kurtis, the new ""character"" in this game. Despite that trend, I tried, against my better judgment, to like this game. Tomb Raider: The Prophecy for the GameBoy Advance was a better use of my time than this. If you absolutely must play another 3D(ish) Tomb Raider game from Core Design, go play that instead. I've heard all about how The Angel of Darkness was rushed, how it had potential to be great, and believe me, I sympathize fully with Core Design, and I don't fault them for what happened. But we're reviewing the game, here, not the team behind it. This is the product we got: it's unfinished, and it's subpar, to put it politely. And no amount of Kurtis can carry this game for the rest of us.What you have to understand, theoretical prospective buyer, is that this game is not just controversial, it nigh literally tore the franchise's fanbase in half (look no further than the proportion of thumbs up to thumbs down on this very review for evidence of that). While The Angel of Darkness was rushed out the door to coincide with the release of the movie that was coming out, it still spent three years in development, whereas the series had seen new releases yearly up until then. The game divided the fans between those with rational opinions ranging from ""it sucks"" to ""it's the most average Tomb Raider has ever been,"" and those who developed a Stockholm Syndrome for it, because they invested their money and their time, spending hours finding convoluted ways to master its awful controls using engine quirks like making Lara roll in order to immediately put her into full running speed. Watch any gameplay video from someone who likes the game: they'll screw up, and it's clearly the game's faulty controls or awful physics at play, but they'll say they were just playing badly. These people will defend this game until the end of time, because they can't admit that theirs could have been better spent than playing this. If you've seen fans of Sonic '06 try to defend that game, you've seen what fans of this game are like.The game is less immersive than its predecessors, and when the series standard was a game environment composed entirely out of blocks, that's saying a lot. Defenders of this game will praise the story and the ability to interact with characters, but the story doesn't go much of anywhere; it ends on a cliffhanger that assumed that The Angel of Darkness would be part one of a trilogy (spoiler alert: parts 2 and 3 never got released due to how poorly this game turned out), and the aforementioned characters only exist in the first quarter of the game, they are uninteresting, and they simply repeat themselves whenever you talk to them without getting a new plot device first. The game world's environment is also unconvincing due to the poor physics and bugs. When Lara falls in lava, she simply ragdolls on the surface like she would if she fell to her death on solid ground; she doesn't even catch fire. This game literally does LESS than the previous games to convince you that you're exploring a world rather than playing a game, and the previous games at least had the excuse of working with an inferior console. Defenders of this game will praise the graphics being better than the previous games, but if they can't produce a cohesive, believable world, I don't see the point; and yes, this game is VERY buggy, and even with the patch that comes with the Steam version, not everything is fixed. Sometimes huge chunks of the world will simply disappear. Lara will sometimes simply disappear. My sanity simply disappeared while playing this game."
,Recommended,225020,31602503,Posted: 7 May,all,Bowser's Refuge,"If you're a fan of the Core Design Tomb Raider games for the original PlayStation, you may want to try this game.Ten years ago (I know it didn't come out then) when I first saw it, it was the most beautiful thing to come after theperson who introduced me to gaming completed Chronicles, it felt like such an improvement in some elements butlacking in other.Overall, it's a good game if you aren't the type to lose your mind over minor bugs, glitches, and somewhatlacking control in tight areas.One thing I should mention: Do NOT attempt to use the Setup on your own. Google is your friend on this one,because the settings are confusing if you aren't a PC expert or something, and also, think you cranked thesettings to the max? Think again, black textures all over the place because the 64 bit textures really don't exist.Another recommendation is to use TexMod and the community made HD Graphics Mod, right here:http://www.core-design.com/community_hdgraphicspatch.htmlThere is also a control fix, but I haven't used it and completed this game anyway. You're welcome to try it!Edit: The soundtrack is the best thing in this game and follows the whole story fittingly.Oh, also, the first image you see when looking at this page? It's a beta training level,accessible only by 'cheats'. It was supposed to be to the right of the dog at the verybeginning of the game, but the door there is now locked. TRAOD: SCU gets you pastthis barrier if you want to explore an unfinished thing with voice acting and some pickups."
,Recommended,225020,2971644,"Posted: 14 September, 2013",all,HappySlingshot,"The Angel of DarknessIntroduces slight rpg-elements, which had never hit a Tomb Raider game before. They are not really important to succeed (except Lara’s climbing skills) but adds a positive side effect to the depth of the game. Dialogs with different endings, improvable skills, the possibility to sell loot, another playable character and, in my opinion, the sexiest Lara Croft of all times are these elements.The entire game is very story-driven and won’t loosen its grip not so fast. The visuals are very neat, a bit old-fashioned though. But there lies the rub: The controls almost killed my nerves. It's impossible to play the game with a Xbox controller. I tried Joy to Key unsuccessfully.  Mouse and Keyboard are truly a must.I give Tomb Raider: AoD eight of four rotten fish skeletons.Nevertheless, I am so much in love with this game."
,Recommended,225020,29074161,Posted: 6 January,all,Bruno,"This is Tomb Raider's definition of a diamond in the rough. This game could have been one of the very best; but is- as ever with a rush-released video game, plagued by the simplest, yet most important pillars of what makes a well-made video game.I grew up with this game, however until my purchase on PC, I never got even quarter of the way through due to the horridly clunky, unresponsive and extremely accident-prone controls which forced me to resist Lara's sexiness and return the item to its PS2 sleeve for a good year or so. Despite this, the story (if you manage to survive the hours of trying to stop Lara from back flipping off of some rusty scaffolding to her hilariously glitchy death) is incredibly immersive and almosttheatricallyencoded. I found this to be one of those rare cases where I'm not motivated by the amount of fun I'm having, but by reward of finding out what happens next in the story.The problem is, it doesn't matter how much you play this game, you will never ever ever get fully used to the controls, and in a game where absolutely everything can kill you, it is not acceptable. You have no choice but to overwrite the same save file every ten seconds, not even from paranoia, but from the simple fact that the very nextstepthat you take can (and almost certainly will) kill you. No one can deny this, not even the most hardcore of TAOD players.If you are short-tempered and only in the market for a smooth, forgiving experience, then I suggest you think a while before making this $6 gamble.However, if you are either a die-hard Tomb Raider fan or an extremely patient, committed gamer, then you will certainly be rewarded with a thrilling story, a gut-wrenching ride and the open arms of a rather covert, but very existent community of TAOD lovers.Just remember that the fun will begin only after the game has been sated with your torture."
,Not Recommended,225020,19518993,"Posted: 5 December, 2015",all,ENVOY OF THE DOGSHIT DIMENSION,"This game sucks.As a long-time fan of the Tomb Raider series, I must confess- this is the only game in the entire franchise I dread playing, for a number of reasons. How is it even possible to make a misstep with such a beloved IP, and in such a grand scale? I'm not quite sure, but our boys at Core Design managed to do it. But is how the game turned out really their fault?Kiiiiiiiinda.Back around 2002-2003 Eidos was suffering through some serious financial troubles, and had to reallocate where time and money was being spent. Several projects being published by Eidos were unfortunately canned or put on hold during this time- including Kronos' Fear Effect: Inferno (rip). As Eidos' cash cow, you could imagine why the Tomb Raider franchise was exempt to this. Core Design was trying to beat everything they could out of the potential for the PS2, promising that Lara's next day out would revolutionize how adventure games are made. By Q2 2003, Angel of Darkness would both be somewhat near finished, and would have been delayed twice already- but Core still needed more time. Eidos ended up putting their foot down and hurried it along for release just in time for the live-action film and counterpart ""Tomb Raider: The Cradle of Life"" , select copies of the PS2 version of Angel of Darkness also came with free ticket vouchers to go see the movie! Great deal, right?And then you played the game.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dOiE0LCu6J0So what makes this game so terrible? Well, there's a lot of things. But before we get into all that, let's talk about the positives this game brings-1. By far, the best part about this game would be both the sound design and soundtrack. Composed by Peter Connelly and Martin Iveson, the music is passionate, and really lets you feel like there's a lot at stake in Lara's predicament.2. New inventory system. This is a mixture of bad and good- I like that there's a number of recovery items now that affect you in varying strengths, that you can buy and sell items, and so on. BUT the way the system is incorporated is very weird. It's like they just copypasted the pause menu and put numbers on it.3. Graphical options. Oh my GOD. Click that setup button on the starting menu and you will feel like you're in the future with how many things you can fiddle with. This game came out 12 years ago, and it has a leg up on many AAA games in just how you can alter your game to your liking.And that's about it.OOOOOOOOOKAAAAY. Now for my favorite part.The most heinous offender in this game would be the how the game handles. The controls are floatier than my fat♥♥♥♥♥coated in astroglide across an ice cap. It feels like they just tried to streamline the old grid-based movement system from previous games, which ironically makes jumping across gaps a lot harder. This is also the first game in the series to incorporate mouse control for the camera, and that seems like a well-needed improvement for the game, until you discover that it A) only works on the X-axis, B) moves lara around in whatever direction you're looking. Lara can still do flips and shoot and all that jazz, but it all feels so slow and clunky now. Frankly, most scripted animations in this game feel the same way. It kind of makes getting chased by a police helicopter through the streets of Paris lack a certain urgency through Lara's actions. You can sneak around, too, I guess. You'll only use this function maybe like two or three times in the whole game, and even then, you're only using it because that's when it's required. I find it hilarious that the every previous game has incredibly linear pathing, yet feels so much better to play with.Angel of Darkness now features a unique dialogue system. This is revolutionary because you have the choice of picking between a whopping TWO options when speaking to the quantity of emotionless mannequins that are known to populate Paris. (I learned a lot about Paris playing this game, did you know there's only one harlot in the entire ghetto?) The greatest part about this dialogue system is how amusing it is that these convos often lead to two very differing results. My personal favorite being A) make a deal and get a bunch of cool things, B) uhhhhhh you get shot.GOOD IDEA: Introduce RPG elements to an adventure game to increase the replay value, create various pathways/solutions to obstacles that can be utilized via whatever skills/stats you have (See: Deus Ex series)BAD IDEA: Introduce RPG elements to an adventure game and make only one solution to every obstacle, making it impossible to progress unless you've levelled the one stat you need, making ""skill trees"" merely a fetch quest (See: this game)This is also the first game where you can plays as someone who isn't Lara, you get to play as chirugai-wielding badboy and Nine Inch Nails frontman, Kurtis Trent (Reznor). You only play as him in the last third of the game (in Prague), and even then you play as him for maybe like an hour or two. That's about it.Getting back to my previous point about the development process, a lot of people like to excuse this game because it was rushed by Eidos to fit in with the then-upcoming film release. But, you have to think about how much more ""finished"" this game could have been. It had started development with the turn of the millenium, and was originally slated for a Q4 2002 release- but was delayed until June 2003, and at that point, they still asked for some more time. Given that the entire story of the game was told, (yet unresolved, as there were originally supposed to be two games after this one to finish the arc it began) and a basic flow/design for the game's progression was established, you have to wonder what one more time extension really could have resolved. Sure, there'd be less bugs, but it wouldn't fix the rest of the game.Between the bland, boring gameplay, the misplaced RPG elements, the terrible controls, I'm really wondering why I even bought this game on steam in the first place, I played it and hated it back on the PS2, so I can't imagine why I bothered to spend money on this game again. Maybe I just like to torment myself, maybe I just like to drop cash on garbage.Bottom line: this game blows, don't waste money like I do.Why not get a better Tomb Raider game, Instead? I highly recommend the original trilogy and Legend. The reboot isn't bad either."
76561198210122131,Recommended,225020,17359616,"Posted: 2 August, 2015",all,masonchavoush1,"Flawed, but brilliant.Best soundtrack in the series, best plot in the series, and most atmospheric. Only issue is the controls."
,Recommended,225020,10775701,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,KeldMeld,"This game could have been infinitely better if Core had actually polished it up properly. I find myself screaming""WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥ WHAT THE ♥♥♥♥ ARE YOU DOING ♥♥♥♥ING MOVE FASTER YOU ♥♥♥♥ING♥♥♥♥♥♥OF A ♥♥♥♥♥ SUCKING♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥!!!""at my monitor pretty frequently due to the length of time it takes for Lara to do anything, or how she pops off ledges, or turns in directions I haven't told her to, or pretty much whenever she does anything. Yet strangely, I genuinely enjoy playing this despite how frustrated the game makes me. God know how I finished this as a kid.Buggy as hell. Unresponsive Controls. Lara is a ♥♥♥♥♥. Almost killed the entire franchise. Highly recommended.11/10"
76561198094675316,Not Recommended,225020,12972139,"Posted: 16 November, 2014",all,Catfish and the Bunnymen,"This game still remains to be my favourite Tomb Raider game.This, along with Revelations.However, I can't recommend this game to anybody unless I'm willing to have my head removed and my house keys stolen.The reason being?Well:> Core have managed to make the control scheme WORSE than the previous games- yes, your heard, WORSE. However you can bind the controls to your taste and patch some of the crappy animations. It's a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥♥though.> The graphic settings are too elaborate and you can easily toggle the wrong thing and your game will either not work or worse: look like Minecraft> Took me an hour or two to figure out how to launch it (had to mess with graphic settings)> At least 2 hours of the game are wasted, waiting for the slow, sloppy animations to end. It takes Lara about 9 seconds to climb a ledge after performing a long jump just to stop her legs from dangling. This is very minor I know but it's just poor Core.> Lara is a complete and utter ♥♥♥♥♥, like she has some personality disorder. She really is a malicious cow-bag to people who are friendly to her- why, lol? Also, there have been an addition of dialogue choices, but these only seem to make a difference during two points of the entire game.> Oh and the combat? It's hit and miss. Most of the time you'll probably miss.I know this game is old and it may appear ridiculous to slate a game of its age.But I really don't want new-comers to the Tomb Raider series to just assume all the games are masterpieces (we all know that's not true anyway) and just buy this expecting it to be good as- idk- Legend or Anniversary.And after all of this you've probably scrolled up to see if you read the first line correctly: yes this IS my FAVOURITE Tomb Raider game. But this is probably because of nostalgia or something.It does have a pretty decent story, and variant levels, and action and there is ONE tomb.I'd recommend missing this; or if you're dying to play it, buy it on sale."
76561198372021320,Recommended,225020,32530359,Posted: 18 June,all,ohsolittletime,"Brilliant story, music sounds and graphics.  A giant leap ahead visually from prior games.HOWEVER, all TRUE TR fans know this game was unfinishined, had a terrible movement system and just 'wasn't quite right'.This game is a lesson in how to kill a franchise by diverting too much from what made a game great.  It would have been SO MUCH better gievn the extra 6 months to tweak the movement problems.  It had so much more potential for greatness.  Thankfully fans have tweaked the movement system in the years since release.If you are a fan of TR play the game and enjoy the music, sounds graphics and story.Definately worth a play to understand the evolution of TR.  I given this one 3/5.PS This was the game that made me buy a Playstation 2."
,Recommended,225020,16283974,"Posted: 9 June, 2015",all,barakasblades1,"Such a good game, easily my favorite of the PS2 era Tomb Raider games, sure it's a tad buggy and a bit clunky but that just adds to the charm of this beautiful game. the soundtrack and story alone carry the game forword along with Lara's Attitude  and Kurtis' Mysteriousness. if you are a fan of action games i recommend this game,"
,Recommended,225020,8242351,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,FemShep's Space Hamster,"Remember how this game was pretty bad? Okay, it's still bad, but so amusing to make fun of. So, it has that going for it. The controls are strange and occasionally do things you don't want them to. The whole game had such a fun storyline, I still wonder what was going to happen with regard to the whole Von Croy arc, but CrystalD took over. Which was ultimately a good thing, but still. I'm playing this for the lulz, and I don't expect to get much more out of it. Makes me miss my PS2 controller when I play it, though. Recommendation is primarily for the LOL factor. Because there is that. Either hilarity or pain."
,Recommended,225020,26157261,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,DannyRodriguez,"Tomb Raider (VI): The Angel of Darkness is the worst thing ever made by a human. I honestly think it's the most horrible game I've ever played. The Boaz boss fight was like playing Dark Souls with bad controls and slow movement and there are so many graphical glitches that the game feels like it's being held together by paper mache.The movement is sluggish and unreliable to the point of bafflement that it could even reach this level of terribleness. Simple acts such as picking up items, opening doors and jumping small ledges become challenging tasks. It's truly a unique situation when simply moving your character around is a challenging mini-game within the game itself.To add to the movement complaints (because I have a lot of them), whenever you want to move somewhere you first start out walking really slowly for an agonizing second and a half before starting a jog at a comfortable pace. If you ever stop moving you have to do that short walk again every single time before working your way back up to a jog. It's like the worlds most frustrating wind-up toy. And when you do jog, God help you if you want to turn around corners because the game seems to be made up of nothing but a bunch of really small invisible walls surrounding EVERY single object in the game.You don't even get the ability to sprint until halfway through the game and when you get it it's worse than walking! Do you need it for some specific task or puzzle? NO! You just randomly get the ability to sprint for no apparent reason. Not that it really matters anyway because moving fast makes it even more difficult to navigate with all the colliding into objects you'll be doing. And the worst part about it is that a couple of missions later you switch characters to someone who doesn't even have the ability to sprint. Are you for real? Am I being had? Is this some big practical joke? This isn't even a game, it's the gaming world's equivalent of a YouTube prank.""What's up guys, today we're gonna take away the  player's ability to sprint, then randomly give it back to them in the middle of the game for no reason and then we'll take it away again right afterwards!""""What the hell is your problem, Core Design?!?""""It's just a prank, bro!!!""People have mentioned that the new strength system rewards you for doing puzzles by making you stronger. But it only makes you stronger when youneedto get stronger in order to progress, giving you a pointless task like moving a random crate or discovering a secret path to a health item. This makes me question why this system is even here in the first place. Wouldn't it be better to just have a puzzle to activate a lever whichthenmakes me progress? It's a pointless mechanic that serves no purpose and I have no idea why it's in the game.The combat system is so bad it goes beyond reason. Mostly enemies that aren't humans with guns can be ignored. No really, you can just walk past them because they move slower than you walk. There are a couple of exceptions to this, one of which is the boss fight with Boaz. I don't think I've ever played a worse boss fight in my life. You can't run AND you have a wind up on your movement so if you get hit you're stopped dead in your tracks and you can end up getting hit again immediately and just get straight up stun locked. The goal of the boss fight is to shoot her face and then the 4 sacks on her back. The two sacks on her front are relatively easy if you know what you're doing (which you don't because you've hardly had to fight any enemies yet at this point other than shooting them point blank in the face) but in order to get the two sacks further down her back you have to switch targets.The game never tells you how to do this! It's the ""roll"" button by the way. There, I just saved you a ton of frustration from not having a clue of what to do. In what universe is it considered intuitive to switch targets by pressing the roll button? I have literally hurt my brain trying to come up with an answer to this question. This type of design is so incompetent it shouldn't even be legal! I know I'm being a bit harsh here because the production of the game was plagued from the start by too many ideas thrown in, delays, cut content and Eidos pushing it out unfinished to coincide with the release of the second movie but I just don't care. This was the single worst gaming experience of my life.The levels are insultingly linear, the controls are nonsensical and the mechanics are just plain awful. The music of the game is its only positive feature. The story was fairly compelling as well, Lara tries to clear her name of murder by murdering everyone she comes into contact with!""Dogs, cops, security guards, doesn't matter. I just love killing!""I always make a point to recommend every game I review, trying to find a redeeming feature of the game that'll be worth experiencing. I'm gonna chalk this one up as ""morbid curiosity""."
,Recommended,225020,16621587,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,samguppy,"A flawed, but good game.A lot of reviews of Tomb Raider The Angel of Darkness critziese verious aspects of the game, such as the awakward controls, gameplay bugs and the darker nature of lara. None of these reviews give a background to why it has all of these flaws. This isnt really going to be a review of the game. I would recomend reading other reviews to find out about the acual game. This is just for players to read and to take into mind why the game has all these flaws.Here's the backstory to why the game was rushed (which I have adatpted from Wikipeda - I won't tell if you don't ;) )AOD started development in 2000, with the intention to create a new Tomb Raider game to compete with new action games and to also take advantage of the PS2's hardware. The team spilt into two groups, one working on Tomb Raider Chronicles, and another to work on AOD. Tomb Raider Chronicles had pushed the PSX to it's technical limits, so it was another resion to create a game with the PS2.After Chronicles had been completed the first version of the game was scrapped by lead Programmer Richard Morton as the game had became to overambitious for the PS2. Only the basic story had been developed. Development started again from the begining.It was inteneted that Angel Of Darkness would have two sequals to them to continue the story.The Angel of Darkness was unveiled  in March 2002 at E3. Problems with the game were sensed at an early stage.A release date was announced for November 2002, but the game got delayed into spring 2003 to  benefit from additional marketing support from Lara Croft Tomb Raider: The Cradle of Life, the sequel to the original 2001 movie.Despite the delays, the company pushed Core Design to release the game in time for the marketing support. In order to meet the deadline, areas of the game containing key narrative elements had to be cut; one of the losses was the explanation of how the character survived the events of The Last Revelation.Among other concepts that needed to be cut were two further locations, character animations, sound bites, and unique gameplay elements involving Kurtis.Some completed environmental assets also ended up being cut by mistake. Some of those elements were also deliberately left out by the team, who wished to bring them into future games.The team at Core Design later said that they felt Eidos forced them to get the game out before it was ready. The game was also reportedly submitted eight times to Sony before its release. The game went gold on 18 June 2003, two days before its original release date. The game was finally released in the summer of 2003, alongside The Cradle of Life.The game received strong initial sales, mostly driven by an aggressive advertising campaign. However The game received mixed to negative reviews from critics. critizing the controls, graphics and overall gameplay.The Angel of Darkness caused multiple problems for the Tomb Raider franchise. Paramount Pictures faulted The Cradle of Life‍ '​s relatively inadequate box office performance on the poor critical reception, and backlash the video game received from its fans. The head of Core Design, Jeremy Heath-Smith, resigned after the release of the game,  and plans for a sequel called The Lost Dominion,part of a proposed trilogy created using the game's engine, were scrapped.Eidos Interactive took the production of Tomb Raider games away from Core Design and assigned them to Crystal Dynamics, who has been making the Tomb Raider games ever since."
,Not Recommended,225020,23714120,"Posted: 22 June, 2016",all,Edward Strife,I bought this game because I remember playing it when I was 10 and it looked amazing.It looked amazing because i was 10.
,Recommended,225020,29401171,Posted: 21 January,all,SAY10,"TRAODPlot: 6Technique: 6-Graphics: 8- (7.75)-Performance: 4- (3.75)GP: 7Longevity: 5Sound: 7 1/2 (7.5)Avg. 6+ (6.25)Score: 6TR:AOD is a great game! It features really good graphics (depth of field, reflections, shadows, etc.) and a very good gameplay. (it is just like the classic ones but more modern, just improved, and it also features some new elements like the strength etc.) The problem is that Eidos released it too early so that it is kinda incomplete (it is longeval enough, but it isn't enough to get a 6) and many features were removed.Still, it's an amazing game. 6/10, recommended for true fans of Lara!"
,Recommended,225020,21526544,"Posted: 28 February, 2016",all,Strawberry Icecream,"I will talk about few things here but I will first say, that I use the control fix mod, HD graphics mod (only for first few levels) and some other mods. So I had a better gaming experience than it was at the release.StoryOne of the best in the series. I love how it's not a typical ""Search for artifact without even have a clue why she is searching for it"". The game was rushed and that's why it wasn't finished. The beta documents are in the internet so the story wouls've been better than it was already. But for now it's also great. I enjoyed the story and very well cutscenes. Also playing as Kurtis was also cool and that they put a second playable character in this game was something new, which I liked.GraphicThe game turns 13 years old this year, so of course it's old graphic engine. I like the style about it and that it's not trying to look realistic (like nowadays), instead it's kinda of a comic style. I prefer this style over the games who came after AOD.GameplayWe all know that the controls weren't the best but before I used the control fix, I never had problems with the controls so I don't really have nothing against them. The only things I didn't liked were that she does 2 slow moves and then starts running. The second thing was the control on stairs sometimes. That was annoying. The grip thing was interesting and maked it more realistic but climbing under time pressure wasn't so good. The rest of the controls were good. They were kinda like the old controls so.MusicThe soundtrack is also one of the best in the series. I love the theme song the most and also the others. If you want to listen to it, search it on youtube and listen to the beautiful soundtrack :)OverallThis game is one of my faves for some reasons (Really good story, the style of the Levels and good cutscenes for example). Many people dislike the controls or some bugs in this game but if you put them aside, you have a good game. I think it would've been the best TR, if it was finished and not rushed and released in an unfinished state. I recommend this game if you don't really care for bugs and the controls and just want to experience a good story with interesting game design than it's the perfect game for you :) This game deserved better-(If you want some mods like the ones I mentioned earlier, than go tocore-design.comand search in the community section for them)"
,Recommended,225020,29804905,Posted: 9 February,all,randomcommander,"Sadly I cannot play this game on my new laptop, which is Windows 10. But since I have played this game a lot before on both my old computers and PS2, I do have to say that I suggest you to try it. All you need is to spend some time online and find the correct guides and mods in order to avoid some of the weird glitches and controls. Can you actually play and finish the game with these glitches? Yes you can, but it ishard. I only managed to go through with it because I simply adore this game to death.Lara Croft is back... and boy is she angry. This is the best of Lara Croft. This game has crappy mechanics, but it looks great and the story is amazing. It was meant to be a trilogy, but Eidos didn't allow Core to actually finish the game. This game is mostly meant to long-term fans of the franchise or those who wish to dwell themselves into an obscure adventure game. The voice acting is good and the music is top notch; you should totally give it a go on YouTube at least."
,Recommended,225020,11510648,"Posted: 1 August, 2014",all,SunDormant,"Although I loved this game, I'd only recommend it to fans of Tomb Raider. Many people say that the controls in this game are unplayable (not my case, as it felt really easy for me, you just need to have a good control over the keyboard and do not use the mouse).The music is very good in this game, orchestral and classic, plus dense. The story is one of the best in the series of Tomb Raider, only clearly incomplete (as the game in general) by the rush of the developers to release it for sale.In my opinion, it is fully playable and fun (maybe some levels can bore you, such as the Ghetto and Strahov). The only bug I detected in the Steam version is that when you start a new level, after finishing the loading screen, Lara appears floating in space (objects have no textures), but is fixed by saving and loading the game again until everything is back to normal."
76561198068002169,Not Recommended,225020,13758586,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Exodus,"A rather average game with some really weird design decisions that you wonder how they managed to get in the final cut. The game has some technical and graphical issues throughout. With its terrible combat system and stiff controls as well as some graphical glitches here and there the game becomes quite not as appealing as it should have been. The Stealth is extremely useless and the artificial intelligence of the enemies is probably the worst aspect of the game.The game, however, has some good sides like the musical score. The soundtrack is appropriately dramatic and the background music really suits the dark tone of the game. The character animations and graphics are really impressive in some places. The storyline is interesting and it never falls back. Even though the game has some classic tomb raiding like the levels in ‘the Hall of Seasons’ which made me care about the game for a moment, the game really loses its full potential with its really unfinished look and unconvincing action set pieces.  I will give the game a 6.5/10."
76561198244150874,Recommended,225020,29452921,Posted: 23 January,all,sarah.erocha,"Though the greatest criticisms of this game are the controls and bugs, I feel they are well worth soldiering through to enjoy the beauty of the game as a whole. The tragedy of this game was it was rushed through development and put out to the public unfinished, but if you care to look into it, you'd see how much more amazing this game could have been.The story is the most complex, interesting, and well-developed of all the Tomb Raider games, Core or Crystal Dynamics, to date. There's so much detail and history put into it, it's amazing. The soundtrack is breathtakingly beautiful and adds to the atmosphere in ways to bring the game to life. It's a universe that begs to be explored. The tomb levels are very well done, definitely some of the best ""tombs"" in any of the other tomb raider games. If you only want tomb raiding then this game may not be for you, as there's lots of urban type levels due to the story. The planned sequels that never came to be would have had more traditional type tomb raider locations.Some negatives would be the controls, some minor bugs (at least, I've never encountered any game breaking ones and I've played on both PS2 and PC), the targeting system, and the unfinished parts (such as picking up items that have no use since their use was discarded before being released in final product). Personally I found the controls not difficult to get used to and adapt to after playing for a little bit. And there are patches out there that make some of the controls easier to use, so I'd recommend downloading those if you find yourself playing this game.If you're a Tomb Raider fan and you've never played this before, definitely give it a shot. It requires patience but the story, the music, and the atmosphere will reward you for persevering. If you're the type of gamer to get♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥easily and throw your controller across the room, or are not a dedicated fan of the Tomb Raider series, this game may not be for you."
,Recommended,225020,30056974,Posted: 20 February,all,Mr. Pancake,"It's such a shame Tomb Raider went to Crystal Dynamics and that game wasn't finished and the end result was rushed. ): So much potential!But even with bugs, awful targeting system and some useless new mechanics it's a hell of a good game!Boobs physics - ✔Tombs - ✔What else do you need?Bug fixes:VMR9 Error - Enable VMR9Image corruption - Max out settingsCrash in sanitorium before Kurtis opened door down in lab - Change ""Frame rate compensation"" to ""Fast"".Helpfull tips:Duck/Crawl - Num 1Commando Crawl - Num 1 + EnterSprint - Num 0(This only works after Lara has gained the Sprint upgrade.)Boaz Returns - Save game in new slot before boss fight.Boaz Returns - Press ""End"" button  to change Kurtis' aim.Goodbye Lara from Core Design..."
,Recommended,225020,10683588,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,Utopiapunch,"I have a weird relationship with AoD. It is by far the worst Tomb Raider game mechanically, it's full of bugs, the gameplay shows its age badly, and it's almost hostile to the player in how unfinished it seems. Yet, I keep finding myself drawn to it. Is it the overblown, almost Dan Brown-esque conspiracy storyline? Is it the almost exclusively modern European setting? Is it the fact that their are glimmers of amazing ideas in there (such as the RPG-esque levelling up system)? Well, yes, yes, and yes. If you read around AoD's production, not only do you get insight into CORE's struggles and the troubled development cycle, you also see hints of genuine passion and great ideas. And in the end, that is what I like about AoD, the unattainable. I wish I could experience their ""Lara in Arabia"" concept, or see how Lara survived the end of TR4, I want to see the sequel set in the catacombs of Capadoceia, I want more Kurtis. But all I'm left with is this awful, broken game. And I love it for it."
76561198030784015,Not Recommended,225020,12895836,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Obey the Fist!,"This game doesn't work very well with Windows 7/8, unfortunately.  You can get some assistance from the Steam forums, and maybe you'll be lucky, but unfortunately it just doesn't work on modern systems very well.It's somewhat reprehensible for Steam to be offering a game that, more often than not, will just not run on a current os/hardware platform.  I realise the publisher might not like seeing negative reviews like this... the answer to that complaint is ""Make sure your game works before you publish it."""
,Recommended,225020,24176884,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Bewitched Kim-Chi,"I honestly don't know why people ragged on this game when it came out, sure the controls were♥♥♥♥♥♥but other than it was really fun. I loved how the series took a grim and sinister spin and the murder mystery was really fun. The locations were cool and for the time period the graphics were really nice. This was the first Tomb Raider game I ever played so it has a special place in my heart but that aside it's not as bad as people said. The only thing I don't like about this game was the section when you had to play as Curtis, honestly, he was so lame and boring I'd rather have Lara going through the asylum level than emotionless stereotypical American action hero. But other than that I loved this game fam."
76561198367951085,Recommended,225020,35156187,Posted: 23 September,all,Gianluca,This game is so strange to judge.It's beautiful but at the same time it's also incomplete.The movement's can be patched but the story is still incomplete.It's one of the best TR game but it's also so weird.
,Recommended,225020,26363459,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,The Bucket,"Incredible soundtrack, okay graphics, amazing and interesting story. The only problem that can be a huge deal breaker for most people is the Gameplay. Probably the worst in the ENTIRE series. But if you can handle it along with glitches and gimmicky features (stealth ?? strength ?? Really ??) I think you can like the rebuilt edgy atmosphere. The game is a bit of a challenge though, I had to look on the internet sometimes.If you are a real fan of the saga do it.If you are a fan of Lara Croft then it might be a bit different.To buy on sales."
,Not Recommended,225020,34002383,Posted: 3 August,all,borderline,"Grew up with Tomb Raider, but skipped Angel of Darkness at the time. Honestly can't recommend it, had to jump through a number of hoops to get it first working, and then second not tore up by artefacts. After that, the atrocious control scheme really killed my enjoyment of the game. It feels like you're playing QWOP most of the time, like the game isn't about adventuring and solving puzzles, but rather figuring out how to make Lara move around like a real human being while she wades through treacle.Had a nice atmosphere, some great music, and an intriguing story. The opening level is an interesting scenario. Sadly, I just couldn't bring myself to play anymore than just over an hour before just I couldn't do anymore. And I really love Tomb Raider :'("
,Recommended,225020,7983499,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,RHYTHMGAMEGAWD,"Tomb Raider: The Angel of Darkness is one of the most underrated video games I've ever played. For its time, it was running off of a truly next-gen engine, coupled with gorgeous graphics. It introduced many new additions to the series, such as  a large and expansive world filled with interactive environments, conversing with NPCs, furthering your quest through conversation, sidequests (unlike ""secrets"" in previous games), a playable second character (with a dark side of his own), and cleaver implementation of stealth, RPG, and horror-elements found in various levels throughout the game. The game's controls had a learning curve, like all Tomb Raider games do, and camera isn't always the best, but these issues seem minor when stacked up against the overall value of this package. Last but certainly not least, the story is at the forefront of the series. What initially begins as a neo-murder mystery (pertaining to the death of Lara's mentor), eventually turns into a massive conspiracy that Lara must unravel. AoD has the best story of the series, easily! And I am including the games of both reboots too. One unfortunate fact is that this game was the first part in a trilogy that was never completed due to many issues between the publisher and developer. It's sad really, especially since it concludes with a rather questionable cliffhanger ending. Buy this game, and give it a chance for yourself. It's so inexpensive, and I'm certain you will feel you got your money's worth from at least a single playthrough."
76561197970662093,Not Recommended,225020,31429012,Posted: 28 April,all,halfmonkey,"If you value your sanity, DO NOT BUY! After a half hour tweaking two third party utilities just to get this steaming turd of a game to run properly, I find a game that never should have been released in the first place. Bugs (fixable with the third party patches) aren't the problem;The awful tank controls and swivelling camera are a nightmare. The mouselook makes this worse.The game can't be played in windowed mode on a 64bit machine, meaning ugly, stretched images.The FMV cutscenes and intro graphics crash the game 5 times out of 10, even with the fixes mentioned here.Lara's need to be precisely aligned with any object, ledge, or enemy is something I haven't seen in games since the 90's. Just all-around awful.The internet reports that this game was rushed to market before it was finished or quality tested to meet shareholder expectations. I hope those idiot shareholders who demanded this got hit right in the wallet, because I'd like to hit them myself for dashing any hopes that I'd play this. Thankfully, there are plenty of Let's Plays so I can at least see how the new story arc (which was abandoned after this game) plays out."
,Recommended,225020,35188213,Posted: 24 September,all,PookPunk,"Tomb Raider: Angel of Darkness is the Tomb Raider installment that cost Core Design, the original developers—their jobs. AOD is a mixed bag with very few positive qualities.There are a couple reasons why AOD deserves a bit of praise—story writer Murti Schofield and music composer Peter Connelly. Schofield gives Tomb Raider/Lara Croft a darker edge and provides an intriguing direction. Connelly with help of The London Symphony Orchestra both add a beautiful and moody score. Visuals are decent (for the time) despite apparent glitches (missing textures) that I only noticed in the PC version.AOD’s biggest stumbling block is the gameplay. It’s no secret AOD went through development hell. Yet, that is still no excuse for inferior controls and gameplay to that of the original Tomb Raider games (TR1-5). Certain non-Tomb Raider elements such as dialog conversation trees and stealth should have never been in AOD to begin with. Other features such as the RPG/ability mechanics are so wrecked and elementary it just feels gimmicky. Lara Croft moves awkwardly in the game. Often sluggish and slow and a downgrade to TR1-5, which use outdated technology/ game engines. Luckily, there is a control fix mod (look up Sasho’s Control Mod) that help the experience a little.The first-half (Paris segments) is where the player will likely notice AOD’s pitfalls mostly as it’s very non-Tomb Raider and showcases the majority of AOD’s broken elements (dialog tree’s, useless items, gimmicks, etc.). Mid-way through the game (Hall of Seasons) AOD certainly picks up and the game starts resembling Tomb Raider. At that point you’ll be pulling levels, collecting treasures, dodging traps, and fighting skeletons straight out of Army of Darkness (minus evil Ash). Sadly, AOD takes a slight nose dive again as the player is forced to explore more bare cities before confronting more tomb raiding territory once more. Surprisingly, these bits are okay.AOD ends on a cliffhanger, and it’s unfortunate the story was discontinued. With that said, there is still a lot of lore within the game as well as the web (via documents and artwork), and books by AOD’s writer, Schofield. It’s worth checking out, but only if you are a big fan of the series. Otherwise, it’s best to say Core Design probably should have ended with the fourth entry, Tomb Raider: The Last Revelation, which was Core’s true efforts at delivering the ultimate Tomb Raider experience—it truly was Core’s swan song to the fans.PROS:+The darker storyline+Musical score+The second half of the game (the bits that involve raiding tombs).CONS:-Broken gameplay (items that have no use, empty city hubs, cheap gimmicks)-Broken controls-Too many grunting (Lara Croft literally grunts at everything...she is miserable in this game)"
,Recommended,225020,21449829,"Posted: 25 February, 2016",all,XBOX 360,The first few hours are cool - when you play as Lara. Then when you switch to Kurtis - it's a little bit boring.Of-course this is from a person who have replayed the game quite a lot - I guess if you are a new player it'll be quite interesting for you to complete the whole game.Though you must know that buying this game on steam - you are receiving the same game you could get from the latest physical copy of the windows version. There is not any current support for it and by default the steam overlay isn't working in-game. Also the Mac version isn't included.The only support you'll receive is from people who have no idea of the source code of this game. Which means if the game isn't working on your PC they'll suggest you installing a virtual machine with older OS. Though to be honest this game was made with quite a good engine in the beginning so it'll work on most modern PCs (I'm talking about the engine not the actual game).There is also a mod with minor game fixes made by me though I won't review it here because of obvious reasons.
76561198121478013,Not Recommended,225020,10440028,"Posted: 12 June, 2014",all,Zombie Chinchilla,"Don't get me wrong. I'm a huge fan of the TR series and I love pretty much all of them. Except for this one. Yet, the first five games were pretty much the same game regurgitated, but hey, I loved those games! But AOD had slightly different controls and it was just so frustrating. The graphics are much improved, and the story is awesome, but the controls and glitches make it super frustrating to play. Unless you are a die hard Tomb Raider fan, don't play this. There's a reason Core Design went under and had to sell the TR series after this game was released."
,Not Recommended,225020,959093,"Posted: 7 May, 2013",all,Quemical,"This game SUCKS!  This is the redheaded stepchild of the franchise. The camera and the controllers are really bad. The camera would turn when you were getting ready to jump, and die in the stupidest and easiest jumps, over and over again sometimes. They tried to re-invent the game and it just didn't work. Was a huge let down after everyone was awaiting what Tomb Raider would be like on ""Next gen consoles"" (At the time, it was the PS2). I am a huge fan of the Tomb Raider franchise, and not even I would get this game by itself. Only own it because it came in the Tomb Raider collection bundle.I'll still play it though. Not gonna let a game go to waste. lol. As far as Tomb Raider game, it's bad. But in general as a game, it's just ok."
,Recommended,225020,20654721,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,Mephisto,"Meh Raider: Angel of Monotony is actually a good game, but very slow paced and less intuitive than any other Tomb Raider , but it has its own originality, and that makes it a gud game, but the game can and WILL make you rage.The controls are very frustrating and difficult to understand. DO NOT play with the keyboard, it is pretty much torture, find a controller and play with that.Buuut, the game gets pretty boring sometimes, specially in the city bit, which may or may not take a lot of your gameplay time.The game itself is querky and kinda of frustrating, but at the same time its fun and enjoyable.Also, Lara is extremely dark in this game, just like the plot, which is more devilish and detectivesque, and that is a very different plot than the other ones.I just hoped that Eidos wouldnt had it rushed and left the game pretty much unfinished.I still like this game, it had a very cool impact in my childhood, in which at the time i didn´t know english, making this game impossible. But somehow I finished it on the Ps2P.S: The PC port is not that bad, its not buggy like I expecyed it to be."
,Recommended,225020,25729229,"Posted: 27 September, 2016",all,Daniel_x,"FAN-TAS-TICPlayed this game when I was probably 8 or 9, back in 2003 when it was released. It was fantastic then and its fantastic now! its just a shame core had rushed its production. It could have been so much more, and its full of bugs and texture errors. ... but thats just how I like it!very nostalgic!"
76561198207022560,Recommended,225020,25518995,"Posted: 15 September, 2016",all,QirexQuicksilver,"This game was far better than the old PS2 version that I had. It's virtually bug-free, and the spastic controls which ruined the PS2 game seem to have been fixed in the PC version. Maybe I should have played this first instead of spending years hating the original."
76561198255618748,Recommended,225020,28111904,"Posted: 30 November, 2016",all,Ashleynn,The controls could be better.. Still not the bet TR I've played but imo it's worth the buy. Any die hard fan of Lara Croft (like me) will love it no doubt.
,Not Recommended,225020,34174556,Posted: 11 August,all,Foreverseeking,"15 hours in and I had to give up. I wasn't having any fun at all. Lara was never very easy to control, yet somehow after all these iterations she moves more like a boat now than ever! A disaster of a game that only has reviews about 4/10 because it's tomb raider. If this was a new IP, it wouldn't even have sold 1000 copies. Don't waste your time playing this."
76561198062236387,Recommended,225020,11577981,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,Janenba,"In this game, while not explicitly stated, you can use a XBOX 360 controller to set the controls. Tab is the inventory, and escape brings up the menu. Sprint button can be set but is a power unlocked later so it is not bugged. Stop to look around with the camera because sometimes things are hidden above like climbables. Sometimes pushing an object makes you stronger and then you can surpass a previous plateau. While in low enclosed spaces jumping offers more speed than ""running "" (before you get the sprint she runs so slow). At one point, you have to stay ducked and shoot a ghost who ""can't reach you"" right on the ground but he can fly through you standing up and above you ducked? At another point, to twist Lara 180 degrees while climbing under a ledge you have to continue to aim upward, thus reinforcing the theme of trial and error. There are multiple choices to make in these cinematic parts to each level. There is some sequence to areas but some things can be done in any order. There will be times when you should explore and find health, ammo, and weapons. Prepare to rations these out. Some  ammo are better for certain enemies and health is easily depleted by falls, traps, fire, and shots taken while running before sprint ability. Enemies don't always drop ammo either such as the dogs. While frustrating-ly difficult , this Lara Croft aims for a realistic feel of a fugitive: hunger(she steals candy bars and medical supplies), running from police, dealing with shady characters, The Monstrom Serial Killer, and constant danger in general. I have yelled at the screen in frustration and I have jumped out of my seat in excitement having felt like I earned bragging rights for beating a hard part of a level. The moral of the story...SAVE A LOT. It works like a save state and there are no auto saves. I had multiple saves so I could redo parts of the level and I would save with max health, after I picked up all the collectibles, and aimed right at the next part because you'll be dying a lot. 9/10 for difficulty and the satisfaction gained fron knowing it's balls hard."
,Recommended,225020,9299790,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,TWD Kenny,"This was the more darker version of lara, which I'm not too fond of. Although from a PS1 to PS2 transition, Eidos did a terrific job with this game. I am a classic lara person rather as not too fond of the newer version of lara, but I think this game came out very well. I really do like this game a lot but it has it's problems. I don't like how the controls are a bit hard to learn. I have played this game on several different computers trying to configure my hands and remember the key bindings, but whenever I need to jump I need to look down to see what I'm doing because I have no idea what control I'm pushing. I also think that this game is a bit slowly paced, as far as story goes it's alright, but I'm talking about gameplay in general. I think that it takes quite a bit for her to shimmy through a ledge and pull herself up. I get that Eidos was trying to get the sort of realism feel for this game, but I don't think they quite captured that aspect for me. Overall I really do enjoy the darker side of lara rather than the giant-boobed non-scared female protagonist that we all know and love. 7.5/10"
,Not Recommended,225020,12646599,"Posted: 26 October, 2014",all,PhiliWilli,The controls made me want to bang my head against the sharp end of a pencil for a good five hours.
,Recommended,225020,25256023,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Ginger Auf L'bra,"This game is boobs. Uh, I mean, great!"
,Recommended,225020,12892523,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Meeester_Bond,"For what it is, it's reasonable value - although you can't expect great graphics, and leave your mouse the hell alone, the acceleration and response delay is BRUTAL, at least in my experience. Also camera angles are fixed depending on Lara's position. You could use a controller, I guess, but I can't speak from experience.Obvious console port, but on the plus side, good soundtrack, some decent lore, and it's a fairly good game for its time - it came out in 2003, people, the same year Warcraft III was released.  As for the environments, Paris isn't exactly bustling with life... the story is intriguing, Lara's a badass as usual, but honestly, the gameplay is sub-par.That said, I've only played a few hours. Preferring Anniversary and Underworld, but they're more recent.6/10 Recommended, with some big caveats. If you're in it for just the gameplay and puzzles, you'll be disappointed."
,Recommended,225020,13236002,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Yergnoe,Glitchy as Hell and the control scheme too a while to get used to.As a Tomb Raider fan however I cannot stress enough that this is a great game overshadowed by some of its flaws.Graphics aged incredibly well and can be even boosted by ENB mods.Definitely recommend if you like old school Tomb Raider.
,Recommended,225020,9719137,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,morgana_chauvin,"Well, i love the game concept of her in real life not all fantasy, several people didn't like it, but the stealth, running from police and being able to take care of herself without weapons made me crazy about the game.I actually like more the Paris part than Prague, but the game is awesome for me.I like playing with Kurtis as option, but he only using 1 weapon sucks, he needed something stronger, i felt like his battles were way worse than any other boss fights with her.Another thing that annoys you is the bug interface everywhere, you jump 2 times and skipped a whole lv.The story itself is really interesting and some plot twists happen and i don't know about others but the end blew up my mind, awesome!I totally recomend this if you are open minded for a different version of lara, darker and cynical."
,Recommended,225020,1400776,"Posted: 22 February, 2013",all,Blood_Wraith,"This game has its share of both frustrating parts and hilariously bad glitches, but overall it wasn't too bad. Definitely one of the worst Tomb Raider games but it's still worth a try for those with patience."
,Not Recommended,225020,8835634,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,LucasSM20,"Tomb Raider: Angel Of Darkness. I still can't believe that i put 15 hours into it just to get all the items and access all the areas of the game (Since some decisions can change your pathway, witch actually was the only cool thing in this game).The change of graphics of Tomb Raider was good, but i remember playing for the first time a long time ago. If you don't know how to config the graphics or isn't using the last patched version (Witch is Steam one), ohohoho. IT HAD SO MUCH GRAPHICAL GLITCHES. And the most updated product does still have theses glitches there and there...But i remember beating it for the first time, my eyes HURT.Gameplay was AWFUL. Lara is slow and i swear to god that she wasn't supposed to jump THAT high. It's almost useless trying to make perfect jumps because you just can't. You will be trying over and over until you get it right. And that can kill your immersion, for example, in places like the temples of fire, earth, air and water.The story is just....Well, actually plot isn't so bad. I don't actually like the changes do Lara's behavior, she could do anything in this game without begin rude as she was. Old Lara wasn't rude, but sarcastic. And that was her touch. That's why she is one of the best female protagonists of games. TRAOD just kill this personality of Lara. That's the only thing that i don't like of the plot. If you read Vernom notes and explore the games, they actually give nice details about the origin of many things, letting us think that they actually put some effort on making the game story, witch is cool. The other thing that bothers me are the characters. Aside from Kurtis, i just can't remember anyone that i wanted to know his or her story. Most of them are boring and killing Werner was bad idea. If he at least was alive, it could be so much better. Kurtis' story is mostly unknown. By the end of the game, we don't really know much about him, besides that his dad was killed by the bad guys and he wants vengeance. The cliffhanger ending however blows this fact. We don't know if Kurtis was who he really was or if it was something else. This game, for whose don't know, was supposed to be a trilogy (Thank God that din't happen) and that cliffhanger ending was supposed to be where the next game would start. Then Legend happened (Thank God, again).Aside from menu music and some others, it's quite forgetable. Since most of it is a constant loop of suspense themes. And there are sounds re-used from Tomb Raider 5. Voice in this game isn't bad. Lara's voice is actually great, and so are others. Actually i think i only like Eckard (IDK if his name is spelled like this) as a villain because of his voice. The only voice that i din't liked was Boraz.There are two things that i liked in this game: Level Design and exploration.Level design actually is pretty good. I like the part of the temples and how we go through then. If only jump was a little lower, maybe these areas would be pleasurable to play. Most of the part of the game is in Paris, but it don't gets to repetitive since there are new places to explore. And exploration, different from other games, is not as much reward-full, but it will always gets you ammo or health. Water levels were a cool thing too. I missed then from Tomb Raider 2 and 4. This game was designed to have multiple choices, so you could get to new areas or don't get anywhere are all (Yes, there ARE choices that kill you, wonderful). It's was a nice touch, dialogue choices and different pathways was never introduced on Tomb Raider until this game. And this feature was completely forget since this one. I would really like to see it again, since most actual games now have multiple pathways and endings. Maybe because this game was bad (Or din't had any extra ending at all) they decided to never use it again. That's sad.If there are two things that i ABSOLUTELY HATED about this game was: Money and selling. You can use your money to bet it with other people (Witch actually is just one person in a church, lol) or to subordinate (Witch, again, i only saw begin used in this way one time. The journalist that says ""Your credit runned out"" will always says this not matter how much money you have). There two methods of getting money: Finding it or selling goodies that you find through the game. SELLING IS USELLES. All the money that you find is enough to bet it and win (Because you can save before betting it) AND to subordinate people (SINCE IT'S ONLY ONE). So, if i can't buy weapons or anything, WHY ARE GOODIES HERE IN THE FIRST PLACE? And there's more! If you don't sell all the goodies before the trader gets killed (YES! THE TRADER DIES!), YOU CAN'T SELL IT ANYMORE! YOU WILL HAVE TO CARRY USELESS ITEMS UNTIL THE END OF THE FREAKING GAME! JESUS CHRIST, WHY?! WHY DID WE NEED THAT IN THE FIRST PLACE?! ISN'T LARA, LIKE, RICH? Can't she pay them with her own money? Or, if she can't right now, give something that she will remember and pay them later?Or else? Couldn't she just avoid all this game's story if she payed an advocate? Seriously, guard just started chasing her think she was The Moustrum WITH NO PROOFS AT ALL. They put DEADLY DOGS to chase her. Damn. I know they believe she committed a murder. But what about paralyzing? Can't they just put her to sleep or something? What about THE FREAKING MANY TIMES SHE SAVED THE WORLD? ARE THEY JUST GOING TO, LIKE, FORGET IT?! AND CHASE HER NO MATTER WHAT AND WITHOUT PROOFS?! And i'm still wanting to know how the police find out about the assassination in the first place. Did Eckard called they? Or something? God, why this game had to happen in the first place?0/10. Will. Never. Play. Again. Thank God for new reboot on Tomb Raider, witch was awesome."
,Recommended,225020,9144540,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,🅱izza 🅱ime,I masturbated to these♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,225020,26018812,"Posted: 13 October, 2016",all,HedsBgon,"I was a big fan of TR. But this is nothing like any of the earlier ones. Movements are more complex which makes it hard to do what you need to do, when you finally figure out where it is you need to go.Rate 4/10 because I just couldn't enjoy it."
,Recommended,225020,16565916,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Justabit_Ginger,"Good tomb raider game, not the best in the series with very simple controls but still a mid pack Tomb raider ! 60/100"
,Recommended,225020,13950358,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Haukerr,Aaaangel of darkensessssssss ENGEL OF DARNKESSS THE WORLD IS IN UR HEND IOÖSDNFA TILL THE END!!!
76561198304143663,Not Recommended,225020,28388570,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,Jolobee,Controls are so hard... maybe it's different when you use a gamepad
,Not Recommended,225020,4840990,"Posted: 25 December, 2012",all,squaллe,Grip bar. A ♥♥♥♥ing grip bar.That is all.
,Not Recommended,225020,13317899,"Posted: 11 December, 2014",all,Bunny Pinkbow,"I have played this Tomb Raider when it was realesed, a couple of years ago. I finished it and enjoyed it a lot.However, now, after I played more recent game (just finished Tomb Raider (2013), the gameplay is horrrrrible!Controls react slowly and motions are slow; for climbing through a window you must first align with the window, then stop moving and only then prress a key to go through. Searching cabinets has a pretty animation, but takes too long. And what the hell is with the first two steps in walking speed and then suddenly running?! It makes manouvering in smaller areas, like rooms, very difficult.To summon: Don't play this Tomb Raider if you have played any more modern or recent games to save yourself some frustration. Otherwise, it could be fun I think!"
76561198050783959,Recommended,225020,12581855,"Posted: 20 October, 2014",all,dEX i1o,The controls is just goddam awful. Hoped someone would fix it but story was ok. And this game looks like half grand theft auto and tomb raider.
,Not Recommended,225020,25358418,"Posted: 4 September, 2016",all,Nephesh Soul,Game is brokin will not work.  And another PC game bits the dust.  If this crap continues with PC games i will just go to reading books.
,Recommended,225020,11860699,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Dark Blue Monkey,"TR6 was the third in a sequence of TR games made to a story arc.  Lara had been working with her old mentor in TR4 to uncover some secret in a pyramid, when the structure collapsed.  Lara was left for dead.  After the rescue efforts finally were given up, a bunch of her ""old friends"" got together to tell the tales of her younger self... meanwhile something was happening to Lara somewhere....   Later..  TR6 happened... She's back, and she's♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥at her former mentor, but for some reason still considers him a friend.  What happened... how did she end up both annoyed, and friendly? Who knows.  TR6 should have told you in the intro, but didn't.        The intro consists of a confusing ""radio announcement"" about some killings, and then dumps you into a city chase without so much as an explanation.      And so begins the (so far) weakest of the Tomb Raider games.From the name, you'd assume you'd be raiding tombs... but like several of its predecessors, you spend a lot of time in cities, apartments, burning buildings and so on.  While okay to tell the plot, the amount of time above ground, or in modern structures  is equal to (or greater than) the time below ground in ancient ones.The plot is okay.. Lara's on the run, there's some bad dudes.. Guess who has to stop them.. the usual...   The only thing that's vaguely new in this game is the use of a proper 3d environment... Gone are the blocks and sharp angles of previous TR games. you've now got polygons coming at you from all angles.  There's volumetric fog, lighting, shadows.. all sorts of new graphical stuff to delight the eye.It's just a shame that the majority of it is buggy as hell.    This is the first TR game where I've experienced a crash.  Usually in the AI path-finding (according to the debug log), or fallen ""through"" the scenery, endlessly falling...It's also the first time I've been truly truly annoyed at the controls.    There are some sections of the game where the camera doesn't help you perform a sequence of moves (there's a few sections in TR:Chronicles on the irish haunted island which come to mind), but in this game, the camera can sometimes be behind a door, plant, wall, or just facing in the least useful way possible.     Often you'll be stalking a corridor, and something will walk up behind you and stab you to death. You didn't see it because the camera was such a stupid angle, you couldn't have.Camera aside, the single most annoying thing about this game are the controls.   Gone are the fluid jumps and flips of previous games.  In this game, they chose to animate lara using animation chains that cannot be interrupted by you.   Sometimes the game will interpret ""forwards"" as run forwards. Sometimes it's walk forwards... You take two, three or four steps walking, and then you start to run.   When under fire, or doing a timed puzzle, this uncertainty is the main cause of death-reload cycles.Next, you've now got this little ""standing jump"", which you have to use in certain puzzles.  However if you use it too close to an edge (or even not!), when you jump, the game re-orients you in the air randomly.. I think it's to align with the edge you just left.   On curvy little round platforms, that means you often curve away from your intended landing spot, and plummet into the chasm.  There are two sections of this game where you have to standing-jump from tiny platform to tiny platform.  It was just a case of jump-die-reload-jump-die-reload........ until the game decides NOT to curve you away, so you save and repeat until at the far ledge.  Damn frustrating.  I ended up just using back-flips blindly in the hope of landing in the right spot (over and over again). because at least the backflip doesn't get curved by the game in mid-air.Fighting is equally bad.  Shooting and flipping was a great tactic in TRs1->5.  If you try do a flip now: She has to crouch, jump, land, bend, straighten, move her feet apart, and fractionally lower her gun, before you can jump again.  Doing so makes for agonisingly stilted acrobatics.  Don't even think about trying to do two things at once (like back-up and take your gun out, which was a staple of previous TR games)..  Also, when fighting, gone is the wonderful ""arms tracking enemy"" in previous games (remember when lara dual-wielded, and her arms could track TWO enemies? That was AWESOME). Now Lara's whole body tracks the enemy, and 'locks on' and 'locks off' at random intervals... So you can be in a fight, running away, then suddenly BAM, you're pointing AT the enemy running towards them... You try to do a backflip, but for some reason the controls are now reversed, and you do a flip AT the enemy.  The fight with ""Boaz"" is one of the most frustrating fights: The stilted pauses between flips is slower than the enemy's blob-fire rate, so you're constantly being knocked down. Grrr.All in all, this is definitely the weakest of the TR games.  I played it initially in the hope that I'd find out how she survived TR4 (which I didn't), and to move the story arc along (which it doesn't)... So all in all, a disappointing game.The voice acting and music is standard TR fare, that is to say, excellent.  The level design itself is staid, but solid.  The monsters are interesting and different. It does introduce an interesting new character (future love interest?)..  So I can't say that it's ALL bad.The Verdict: If you're a TR fan, sure, go ahead and play it.. It'll waste a good 10+ hours, and give you a bit more in the life of Lara.  Be prepared for frustration: Don't expect anything as polished as Chronicles, though."
,Not Recommended,225020,13885539,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Kyle Whybrew,"This game I really tried to like. It is a new enough game that it runs fine on a modern computer, and appears to be running on a different engine than the first few Tomb Raider games. I do not recommend this as the controls are even worse than the first couple games. I had bought about ten Tomb Raider games in a bundle and if the controls are this difficult, it is just not worth playing."
,Recommended,225020,22612415,"Posted: 24 April, 2016",all,Elequite II,okeh
76561198048411137,Recommended,225020,25422527,"Posted: 9 September, 2016",all,JCaesar,Music = 10Download mods from tombraiderforumsinstantly get 10/10 game!
,Not Recommended,225020,25203323,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,༼ つ ◕_◕ ༽つ,"There is one thing I don't understand. Why, if Lara is accused of a murder she didn't commit, does she go on the run but actually kills more people on the way? XDOther than that, I kind of enjoyed the story and you can get used of the controls if you played the earlier games. The problem with me is that she falls of lots of ledges when she isn't supposed to and the game just misses something in my opinion... Also when I load a game she often is just standing in a black area because the environment won't load. It gets frustrating to keep reloading the game until the area DOES load :s"
,Not Recommended,225020,20237193,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,The Green Wizard,"You will hate everything about your life while playing this game. I liked the old school Playstation version much better as the controls werent as glitched. After playing games like Skyrim, it's near impossible to go back and actually enjoy playing something like this as the fluidity with the controls or steam controller (which is what I've been using) is just not there. Lara Stop / Starts if you even try to turn a corner, there is no running or diving component and more often than not, she turns by herself in a direction that you dont want.I wish they would do a remake of this game with the technology that exists today. I like the storyline, it's very Film Noir but other than that, you'll be yelling obscenities at how glitchy the game plays out. Better off playing Tomb Raider Anniversary."
,Recommended,225020,7354193,"Posted: 10 October, 2013",all,Nyoro~n,it doesnt work wtf
76561198185654002,Recommended,225020,16859848,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,Trey.rogers,Really a good game. I don't run into Glitches/Bugs or anything. Everything seems to work fine for me.
,Not Recommended,225020,17939185,"Posted: 7 September, 2015",all,Fire_Flye,"I played this game as a child and thought it was just to hard for me. I figured I would download it and try again because I love Tomb Raider.Turns out young me was wrong and and I'm an awesome player! It's the game that's terrible. It's so clunky that even walking is really hard.I totally wasted $6.99. Don't make the same mistake friend, as awesome as Lara Croft is, it's not worth it."
,Not Recommended,225020,17693679,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,CarotideEtude,Wow. These controls must've ben terrible back then too. Unplayable almost.
,Not Recommended,225020,33888819,Posted: 29 July,all,MonaMuu,"I really wish to give this game a thumbs up.And had i played it on ps2 i most certainly would have but after struggling with google searches on how to get this game up and running and trying to find a fix for the controls, I gave up.Only being able to move around with the arrow keys while still having to use the mouse is sooo uncomfortable.sorry Tomb Raider... :("
76561198028486351,Recommended,225020,13685340,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,moop,"Ignore my play time if it's low, played this game before. The controls are pretty stupid, tho you can easily rebind them, the story is pretty decent, graphics look good for a game made in 2003. My second favourite game in the Tomb Raider franchise (First being Anniversary). The only downside seems to be the save system, JUST SAVE THE GOD DAMN GAME EVERY 5 MINS OR YOU'LL HAVE TO RESTART FROM YOUR LAST SAVE!I give this game eight dual pistols out of ten. 8/10 :)"
76561198088380930,Not Recommended,225020,16637335,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,emasterslake,"Angel of Darkness was the last of the ""Von Croy Trilogy"" as well as the last of the Core Design Tomb Raider made games. It was the first ""smooth"" graphics Tomb Raider game ever made, meaning no polygonic characters or blocky locations. The game had excellent detail on the characters as well as the locations. But great visuals don't lead to a great game, when the controls don't function right. Apparently this game was in production for a few years, and to have it be released at the same time as the second Tomb Raider movie ""Cradle of Life"" it was rushed into the gaming market without fixing the bugs or glitches. In the past, the only difficulty you deal with in the Tomb Raider games is the environment of the levels and the obstacle of traps and enemies. In this game, you are handicapped with limited controls, glitches, and a hanging meter every time you need to travel across a ravine or ledge by hanging off it with only your hands holding you up while going across. Had these issues been resolved this could of been a playable game. But I am unable to give it mercy when the game is frustrating in control wise and not level wise. I can understand what they were trying to do, they were attempting to experiment with new challenges, gameplay, and situations to differ from the older games. Which that is fine, I am open to new experiences for the Tomb Raider games but if you don't focus on the gameplay of the game no one will care about what those new experiences were. At the time this game was released, only three million copies got sold, and was cited as a market failure. It was such a disaster that it nixed the planned sequals to follow up and Core Design ended up ditching Tomb Raider which ended up in the ownership of Crystal Dynamics. I would love to of seen a follow up to this game, which was going to be titled ""Tomb Raider: The Lost Dominion"" which would of explained how Lara Croft escaped from the Temple of Horus as well as the fate of Kurtis Trent, who was an interesting character who became the first playable male protagnogist in a Tomb Raider game. But with the reputation this game has, I don't think we will ever see him in another Tomb Raider game again. Thus Angel of Darkness ended the first line of the Tomb Raider franchise and is if not the weakest game in the entire franchise. Lesson to be learn, never rush the prodcution of a game and be sure the controls don't suck."
76561198103932873,Not Recommended,225020,30037943,Posted: 19 February,all,mstrfrodo,"Don't know for sure if the game is actually any good.The controls are so awful, that it's virtually unplayable.Wonky would be a better word to describe it.Just doing simple things like ""walking"" is a chore.Don't believe me... Give it a try and find out... LOL!"
76561198077865820,Not Recommended,225020,9185845,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,Bruce Wayne,"This game was a complete huge disappointment manly because the game had a deadline for release so they had to finsh it as soon as possible its a shame because the plot was really interesting and had a unique set of locations starting from Paris,Lourve and Prague, ragdoll deaths were funny and ridiculous controls were garbage level designs were really cool but still felt as if they were not completely polished or finished, its a game that i have fond memories of some good and some bad this game would've been a success if they didnt rush it for release and plus her signature dual pistols arent even in this game like wtf they didnt have time to put it in or something,id recommend this game for people who are familiar with the old classic tomb raider games if your new to the series then dont get this game. Im giving this game a 5/10 unfortuantly"
,Recommended,225020,11381608,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,nateDrake13,"Classic game, brilliant even for today's standard"
76561198168016899,Recommended,225020,17029705,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,TheOneWhoKnocks,"""If I had a coconut for everytime some lunatic said something like that"""
,Recommended,225020,27561006,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Sal,Best game ever in the series!the only bad thing is that it is not finshed to be able to play more of this masterpiece.
,Not Recommended,225020,8071094,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,kawakazii,"SIIIIIIIIIIIGH..... As somewhat a fan of tomb raider, Im glad I missed this game when it came out. It's basically unplayable. the controls are♥♥♥♥♥♥ I mean, seriously, this is the sixth game for christs' sake. The other games controlled just fine, albiet awkward. Controls aside, the blatant ""sexiness that the developers tried to give Lara came off as awkward, and the story (as far as the opening goes, since I couldn't get past the tutorial) was quite stupid, corny, etc. Speaking of the tutorial, why the hell do I need to be stopped every five goddamn seconds to tell me something about the controls that should have been obvious had the controls not been COMPLETE AND TOTAL♥♥♥♥♥♥2/10 will probably play it again when I forget how♥♥♥♥♥♥it is, then immediately stop when I remember why I quit in the first place"
76561197999448347,Not Recommended,225020,9342951,"Posted: 4 March, 2014",all,Oman elämänsä Arje,Tämä peli on täysin perseestä.
,Recommended,225020,12311141,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,OhioMan,Never can go wrong with Tomb Raider.
,Not Recommended,225020,21313040,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,SilentKagemusha,The game just crashes outright for me. I never even got to play it. >:(
76561198282591161,Not Recommended,225020,30812366,Posted: 29 March,all,AkiKane,"Maybe it would be good, but doesn't launch"
,Not Recommended,225020,9772526,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,iwem.xo,"They took everything from the previous games, and then made it worse (with the exception of the graphics). Amazing.Controls feel unresponsive, animations are slow (maybe they speed up as you gain strength, but I don't think I'll play enough to find out), design is nonsensical. Play Tomb Raider 1 and 2 instead."
,Recommended,225020,30049607,Posted: 19 February,all,luv②,Fun
,Not Recommended,225020,33626713,Posted: 18 July,all,Sharondachelle,Doesn't work. Won't launch.
,Not Recommended,225020,12512011,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,The Ting Go Skrra Pap Pap Ka Ka,Game does not even work
,Not Recommended,225020,28388940,"Posted: 15 December, 2016",all,TreeBigEars,You can climb on ledges a certain amount of time??? In Tomb Raider?!?!
,Recommended,225020,11537391,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,Savage,I love Lara
76561198121308754,Recommended,225020,9739189,"Posted: 5 April, 2014",all,Fastidious Beeb,i love this game it's so awesome and cool you are awesome if you buy this game so buy it!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
76561197969749884,Not Recommended,225020,23648799,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,Sarkoth,"Everyone who played this will agree: The worst and weakest game of the entire series. Even if you want to play the entire series, this is the game you need to skip. It's not Tomb Raider, it's a pile of garbage.I'm just going to say Stamina meter and be done with it. So terrible."
,Recommended,225020,12687992,"Posted: 29 October, 2014",all,IaN,tomb raider
76561198154927431,Recommended,225020,12493577,"Posted: 14 October, 2014",all,Deus Belmont,This game so lag on the start and always random crash.. help me please O.oTomb Raider Legend and Anniversary run smooth on my Laptop
,Recommended,225020,33628074,Posted: 18 July,all,Adrian,Good
,Recommended,225020,9254772,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,Tuong,"A series of grisly murders brings Lara into conflict with a sinister Alchemist from the past, and a secret alliance of powerful individuals shrouded in mystery. Accused of the murder of her one time mentor, Werner Von Croy, Lara becomes a fugitive on the run. Pursued by the police, she follows the Alchemist into a dark world of blood, betrayal and vengeance where it is up to her to defeat this unholy alliance, and stop them from unleashing their incredible powers on the world."
76561198172464390,Not Recommended,225020,23638526,"Posted: 18 June, 2016",all,JSniper3D,Crappy game and crashed every 2 seconds!!!!
76561197992764918,Not Recommended,225020,29322569,Posted: 17 January,all,Rickityr3kt,"Buy this if you are a hardcore fan of old school disjointed control schemes. Even though you can remap the keys, it doesn't feel as natural as using a controller for this type of game which is not recognized."
76561198171872845,Recommended,225020,30860929,Posted: 31 March,all,Killer Keemstar,Dank!
76561198070118670,Not Recommended,225020,29727838,Posted: 5 February,all,Bill Mays Here!,"I'm a big fan of the Tomb Raider games. Unfortunately, i could not open the game, it would always crashed at the second I started it... I played last year and it worked perfectly, but now I don't know what is wrong. Steam should take time to look at it =/"
76561198129114158,Not Recommended,225020,29430658,Posted: 22 January,all,frederickcwilliams,WOULD NOT LOAD...WASTE OF TIME
,Not Recommended,225020,7795959,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,🐧 crow,in order to climb things lara croft must level up by using a crowbar to open cabinets hidden throughout the levels
76561198133707755,Not Recommended,225020,26720244,"Posted: 20 November, 2016",all,Sano,Please remove this game....
76561198120351635,Not Recommended,225020,8638724,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Whiteboy11901,"For some odd reason, this game will NOT work on my computer, my computer has 8GB RAM, a 3.7 Hz Processor, and has Windows 8 and my graphics card is compatible with DirectX 9.0c. no matter how many times i change the configureation in the settings it wont work. I need help because steam support is crap!"
,Recommended,225020,18288281,"Posted: 2 October, 2015",all,Sulley,"What this game lacks in stiff controlls and glitchy graphics macks up in the invonment of the game. Beautiful. Differnet from the rest of the TombRaider games, and the Best in my opinion. 4/5"
76561198199514047,Recommended,225020,16536381,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,Ebi CSGOWONDER.COM,-Story Mode-Limited Gun Ammo-New movement-Grip BarGood Game 6/10
76561198059690170,Recommended,225020,19535547,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,Άδης,Wonderful landscapes and city scenes create an entirely surreal effect...controls are somewhat sluggish...but definitely worth a shot as it makes you work a bit to achieve levels within the game...
,Recommended,225020,22132461,"Posted: 29 March, 2016",all,BaQ,"Nostalgia at its finest. This was the first ever game I played, when I was just 2 years old I dived into one of the tomb raider 's classics. It's a must for any diehard Lara Croft fan."
,Recommended,225020,22169603,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Z 3 D,"The game is so cool.But some of you might have problems with it:1.Game won't run2.Won't show the menusSOLUTION FOR #11.Go open the game and click sittings2.Click Intel(R) HD Graphic tag3.Check VMR94.Run the game and enjoy (if you have problem #2 please read the solution)SOLUTION FOR #21.Go open the game and click sittings2.Make sure that you're at the general tag3.There is a box says Active:*If the box is unchecked, then you have to check it*If the box is checked, then you have to uncheck it4.Try to run the game if it doesn't make any sense try to restart your computerWas that helpful?"
,Recommended,225020,20957963,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,MrKing1990,Everything about this game is hard.Not like rocks either.Just...hard.
,Recommended,225020,21018495,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,ShenWolf,"I'm among those who find this a bad game in the franchise but still, it's playable if you are a fan of Tomb Raider. I think this is much closer to Tomb Raider concept than the 2013 reboot at the very least."
,Recommended,225020,20977563,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,L1ght2Ang3l,"Devastating game! (Seriously, I really liked it!)"
76561198082455547,Not Recommended,225020,19819204,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Smokescreen,This..... is a new kind of bad.The kind of bad where alt tabing breaks the game.The kind of bad where you can fall through the floor and through other things if you have an AMD graphics card.The kind of bad where everything auto aims and you have to press roll to change the target even though the game at no point tells you that.The kind of bad where if you don't complete a certain portion saving a certain amount of bullets you will not be able to kill the second to last boss without using someone else's save.The kind of bad where you can die at a certain point just for not selecting the right dialogue choice.The kind of bad where at multiple points you can glitch the game to the point of not being able to progress.The kind of bad where the story lacks enough substance to make it worth finishing.Don't buy this. Don't even play it as a gift. Hell don't even pirate it.
,Recommended,225020,19835367,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,The Joker Steve,"I mean, it has its flaws, I'm not gonna lie but you can't go past the feels that it brings from the original saga. I love all the Tomb Raider games, and this one is no different. The crazy and nonchalant story and the awesome enemies make the game what it is. Now yes, it has a lot of flaws, which can be explained by the early realease by the company (even before it was actually finished), pressured by the investors. And that sense of non-completion is palpable throughout all the game. The controls are the same as in TB4 (The last revelation) and TB5 (Chronicles) but somehow, although this is a newer game, they feel clunkier and less dynamic. Some enemies are really hard to kill (Boaz) and you don't always know what to do, but that is the signature move of this games, thou. Once you know your way around the creatures it is easy to bring them down (except for Boaz, that prick is a hard cookie), but in the way you may lose a lot of ammo and health. But, the save system actually saves you from that, if you're at least decent playing video games. One thing that did bothered me were the glitches and bugs scattered all over the place, but I can't blame the programmers for not having been allowed to actually finish the game and polish it. However, the graphics are pretty cool, considering the realease year and the rushed completion. They don't look like next gen of course but they have a nice rounded-shaped  form which doesn't make you believe that you're actually playing Minecraft. So, all in all, Tomb Raider 6 is an awesome (yet flawed) game that fans of the saga could enjoy, though it demands a lot of time and patience from the player. And yes, you WILL want to throw your keyboard through the window a couple times, but that's what we are in for, right?"
76561198094658362,Recommended,225020,19837760,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,Dropbear,"""if only I had a coconut everytime a lunatic said something like that"""
,Not Recommended,225020,19978254,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,DK,"Lara Croft goes from exploring the world looking for ancient artifacts, to running from the police and stealing money from houses.Give it a try If you wanna play a generic thriller with Tomb Raider mechanics, but if you wanna play real Tomb Raider, go buy something else, there's a bunch of other titles."
,Recommended,225020,23740861,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,FrozenHarlequin,"The Angel of Darkness (AoD) was released before it was really finished. As a result, there are one or two minor plot holes and the game doesn't always feel as polished as it should. That being said, the game has been patched extensively and it's not actually buggy. Many people complain about the controls and, while they may not be the most responsive controls ever and will probably take some getting used to, if you're familiar with the controls of Tomb Raiders 1-5, you should have no problems with AoD's. And for all its flaws, AoD has many strengths, too: an incredible story with engaging characters and an amazingly deep backstory, a mostly elegant mix of adventure, RPG, puzzle and platforming mechanics, one of the best video game soundtracks ever made and levels oozing with atmosphere. If I had to describe AoD in one sentence, it would probably be ""Tomb Raider meets The Da Vinci Code"" and if that sounds at all interesting to you, you should check it out. It is still one of my favourite games of all time despite, or maybe even because of, its flaws and I wholeheartedly recommend it."
76561198098008103,Recommended,225020,23823632,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Moose_Uncle,"So this game has always had a bad rep in the series. it is not your traditional run of the mill Tomb Raider game, but it does still hold true to the familiar gameplay that is common in the Tomb Raider games, except instead of jungles and tombs, this game takes an urban setting. this was the only game i was unable to play when released because i did not own a PS2, i just bought it for PC and i am pleased with the game. at the point of this review, i am only a couple hours into the game but i definitely suggest to any TR fan give this one a shot. still a pretty good game in my opinion"
,Not Recommended,225020,8914652,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,JPachónMaya,"Recommended only for the most nostalgic of this game, for the rest, very bad control, graphics problems and etc. .. I have uninstalled the game immediately.Prefer the tomb raider II and III."
,Not Recommended,225020,11285814,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,itmejlee,"Its a shame more love didn't go into making this game because I did enjoy the story. The controls are pretty clunky, the diologe system seemed pointless and unfinished, and the new character was hardly explored. For die hard Lara fans its worth checking out for cheap, but it's definatley the worst of the franchise and not reccommended in general."
76561198082539858,Not Recommended,225020,9235729,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Aaluah,dosent want to load anymore truse me! dont by this game.......
,Recommended,225020,3048573,"Posted: 5 January, 2013",all,TheAngryPeach,"Yep. I remember this game. The PC version was better than what was released as what I consider underdeveloped for the PS2, but the issue was.. This just wasn't Tomb Raider. Sure, it had an idea, and tried new things.. But I like to think that this never had anything to do with Tomb Raider. I mean, a hardass like Lara Croft suddenly being attracted to some run-of-the-mill male character RANDOMLY introduced? No thank you. Nope. Nuh uh. Bad enough they forced you to go through dialogue.If you want to look at this from another perspective, or say it was made by fanboys/girls, sure, it's decent. But still, broken."
,Recommended,225020,22755747,"Posted: 1 May, 2016",all,Demeth Valknut,"A very pleasant game dispite a lot of bugs ,glitches, a poor maniability and the game suffers from an early launch, being not realy finished (enigms cuts off, part of cinematics missing, dialogs, etc).Very nice athmosphere tho, and the last original tomb raider game before the reboot."
,Recommended,225020,24145368,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,Jão,BOOB RAIDER VI: SHE WASN'T DEAD AT ALL
76561197968073802,Recommended,225020,33425473,Posted: 10 July,all,[LR] Laffi,"Edit: Might shrink this review at some point. I had just finished the game had a lot of things on my mind.OKAY! This is a really hard game to make a review for. Many good things, but so much bad aswell! I'm pretty sure I could have written a very long list over my opinion about this game, but in the end I want to explain why you should play this game, or not.I'm gonna start with the good things. Lara Croft has never looked better. She is hot and sexy as hell, and the graphics looks nice too (this review is written as I have never played a newer TB game after this). The levels are exciting, the story is alright I'll guess. The ""getting stronger system"" is kinda cool, because you will easier know that you're on the right path.The beginning of this game was a disaster. Now I do play on Windows 10, but it took some time to get the game working perfectly. Kudos for letting me play on 1440p resolution :)! It was a long list of things to do, but the easiest way is to tick off VM9 in the graphic card menu.Now the next disaster was the start of the game...Talking to alot of random weird people, no clear story and a mess of a town. Also why there are so many ""level changes"" at the start of the game I don't know. It follows you through the game and it's kinda annoying. Anyway. After struggling hard to have some fun with the game, things became better, and it now started to look like an ordinary tomb raider game.The game is actually pretty fine as long as you're not doing anything advanced like a boss or anything. The keys are soo slow, and Lara is so clunky. I have played now all the games from Tomb Raider 1-6, and I know how the keys are. This one had the sloppiest ones. Can't even do more than one action at the same time. I'm not sure if I liked the autograb. It was fine I'll guess, when you get used to it. THE MOST ANNOYING THING: The running/walking. I am used to Lara always running; why shouldn't she?Some of the things you have to do in this game requires Lara to be quick and fast, and it doesn't really help when she stops to a halt, runs weirdly up stairs or refuses to run at all. Man I was so pi$$ed off!!!!So yeah. I was actually going to not recommend this game, because of many things are hard to do because of the ultra slow controllers and the combination with anything related to movement. Most people are probably annoyed by this.Also....Those first levels were ugly, boring and I had a terrible time, but my opinion wether I should recommend this game or not changed after getting through 2/3 game. I didn't even know how far I had come before I checked a walkthrough at some point. So regardless of the controllers, I did have alot of fun with this game. Lara is pretty good looking too; very few squares as we have seen before.I will recommend this game to anyone with patience to play with controllers unlike the earlier Tomb Raider games.I will recommend someone that is patience with playing with these controllers and having the patience to reload the game ALOT.You will appreciate the game when you get used to things, but you will yell in frustration when you're stuck in a place, because Lara decides to take a jump from a random plunge, and again, and again, and again...until you make it.You want to use walkthrough for some things, but you will figure out that on your own. Some things are extremely stupid and hard to know.This recommendation is thin, but the game should be tried. At least I'm finally done with the original 6 games, and can move on to the modern tomb raider games."
76561198152692495,Recommended,225020,33540030,Posted: 14 July,all,HowlinMad96,"I consider this game to be the Limbo title of the Tomb Raider series. While it continues off the story of The Last Revelation and Chronicles, this game was the first attempt to modernize the Tomb Raider francize. Unfortunately, this game was less of an angel of darkness and more of a bat out of development hell.Steps were made to make the game more realistic, such as giving Lara grip strength, making her work up to running speed and various other things. A stealth mechanic was introduced, though it’s sort of sloppy, and even a new playable character. The graphics look nice for an older game, though there are a few porting glitches added to the ones that already existed. God, the story of this game is so sad you wish you could hug it.While I do like the game, heck I even still have the PS2 hard copy, I will admit that this is the absolute worst Tomb Raider game that can be played.If you’re a fan of the Tomb Raider games I would recommend getting this game, if you are looking for a start in the pre-reboot Tomb Raider series, you better stay away this one. The modern series: Legend, Anniversary, and Underworld; is a good start, or you can jump right into the old 90’s series with one through five. But, please, whatever you do don’t start with game."
,Recommended,225020,14471925,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,blackrainbowww,"Tomb Raider 6 (I get lazy to write any subtitles for games or movies) it's actually a nice game if we analyze the parts separately.First the bad things: the controls and camera's angles in this game are the worse compared to all the Tomb Raider games. For some reason unknown they decided to make Lara use only one gun! It's kind of disappointing. At the same time, when Lara is holding her gun, the camera changes by being further, trying to show her surroundings """"better"""". But Lara's moviments when she is holding her gun goes crazy!  She doesn't walk normally. She makes little jumps, stepping back or forward, and she turns so slowly that sometimes it's better put the gun down on the holster and run to find a better spot to shoot.Some jumps in certain levels are buggy, Lara's health (or should I say life?) is more ""delicate"" in this game.Another disappointing inovation for this game is the ""strenght bar"". It's so useless sometimes. Supposing that you went to the right place but you can't open it because she is not stronger already, you have to find something to push, break... to make her stronger -_- Unnecessary innovation for me.And now the good things: This game is entirely urban for saying. There are some excavation sites and hidden cave in certain parts on the game, but it's 95% urban. As I said on my analysis on TR5, I really like Tomb Raider's urban levels. Plus I love Lara's outfits in this game. In TR6, there's a highlight on Lara's eyeliner, to match the dark plot.Speaking of plot, I really loved this one. I thought it was creative. I like to see how Lara is so angry in this game :) And a nice innovation (at least) was the opportunity to play with other character: Kurtis. I think he's a nice, mysterious interesting character. Too bad we don't have the chance to know more about him beyond we know in TR6.There are some plot holes/unexplained details such♥♥♥♥♥""What really happened to Kurtis?"" ""What's the explanation for his Chirugai at the end?"" ""In some parts, ""x"" person was indeed the real person or it was Karel?"" It's frustrating not to knowing all of this.It IS a NICE game, if we analyze things separately. I wish I could play it in a remake but with the old school TR base."
76561198085647432,Recommended,225020,21674658,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,MrTwiggyIsAlone,Even though I shouldn't.... I really love this game.... though that might be the nostalgia...
,Recommended,225020,21759785,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Conker,"Alright so like, I know the game was rushed. Thats alright though. It's a good game. But, at some point you start to feel when Core stops caring. And right at that point its a complete nightmare~Saveme~"
,Recommended,225020,34229880,Posted: 13 August,all,Charley9,Many bugs and glitch should be fixed and improved better than PS2 version. Some effect doesn't work in this PC Steam version e.g. snow falling in Prague etc. Overall is okay.
,Recommended,225020,35176434,Posted: 24 September,all,Cedjoe,Nice game
