user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
76561198027867551,Recommended,225080,32181633,Posted: 4 June,all,Lewk,"I actually played this game through with my son. He sat in my lap and I held the controller and controlled big brother with my left hand, and he held the right side with his right hand controlling little brother. The game was very fun and challenging for him and the storyline was great.  At night he even asked me to tell him the Brothers story and i went through and recounted all of the fun adventures that happen in the game.The difficulty of the game is going to be very low for an adult player, but if you are looking for something casual/laid back, or for a younger player, the difficulty is spot on. Thank you to the developer(s)  on this game, after 20+ years of gaming this is a game that has carved out a special place and  i will never forget."
,Recommended,225080,12920693,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Dr. Hotdog Bitchface,"People that have played Brothers: A Tale of Two Sons usually fall into two groups. The first group of people looked at theglowingreviews that this game received, tried it, then found it stupendously overhyped and underwhelming. Then, there’s the other group, who found the game to beperfect. I am glad to say that I belong to the latter party.The late great film critic Roger Ebert once said that videogames can never be art, a controversial statement at best and blatantly offensive and wrong at worst. With that said, we’re going to have to forgive Mr. Ebert, because a)He was great at what he did, and b) He never got the chance to experienceBrothers: A Tale of two Sons.Story:You play as two brothers who are sent off on a journey to find a cure for their father’s ailment. You, as the player, are tasked to guide the two brothers through multiple trials and tribulations throughout a variety of beautiful and mystifying locations. Along the way, you will encounter numerous characters, many of which are heavily inspired from classic fairytales and fantasy mythology. There is so much more to talk about here, but once again, this is something you really need to experience yourself. You really will get more out of this game if you go inmostlyblind.It’s worth noting that the game is completelydialogue-free. No, I don’t mean that the game merely lacks voice acting. I mean that there is essentially no actual dialogue – voice or text, in the game at all. Sort of. The characters technically do talk, but in a fantasy language without translation. Instead, the story and interactions are told through beautifully-animated gestures and changes in tone and inflections. Despite this, there is never any ambiguity about what’s happening on-screen, and somehow, the game manages to weave a heartfelt story that, at times, can truly invoke a heavy feeling in the chest.Gameplay:Brothersis a story-driven adventure/puzzle game with a novel control scheme. Each brother is mapped to a single stick on the controller. The left and right stick/shoulder buttons control the older and younger brother, respectively. It’s a unique control scheme for sure, in the sense that this gamelookslike a co-op game for two players, but is actually a single player game, intended to be played on the same controller. The challenge in the game is largely dependent on the player’s ability to co-ordinate both characters at once. The ambidextrous be warned – this game will probably offer you very little challenge.It’s worth pointing out at this point that contrary to what the text in the orange box says on the store page on Steam, acontroller isnotrequired to play the game. The game will work fine using a keyboard, and you’ll be more than able to progress to the end of the game without a controller. With that said, a controller isstrongly recommendedfor this game.For the combat-oriented players – sorry, but this game is completely combat-free. Instead, the game largely involves puzzles comprised of environmental interactions and exploration. Each brother has their own perks. The older, taller and stronger brother is able to reach heights, boost the younger brother, push levers and swim, whilst the younger brother can fit into smaller spaces. Unfortunately, delving into more of the interactions between the two brothers would spoil the game for you.The game is never overly challenging or frustrating. OOT Water Temple this is not. Puzzles are, for the most part, fairly straightforward, but are often challenging enough to invoke a sense of satisfaction when you do overcome them.  Death can and likely will occur, but checkpoints are frequent, sparing you from repeating the same segments repeatedly.One of my only gripes, gameplay-wise, was the repetition of some of the puzzles. Using the big brother to boost the little brother up to a ledge got very old very quickly. With that said, even the puzzles that are solved the same way are often presented in a different setting, with a different outcome, which helps to keep them fresh.My only other ""criticism"" is that this game is short and lacks any compelling reason to go back to it after you’re finished. This is, unfortunately, a consequence of any game that is primarilynarrative-driven.  The gamedoessupport achievements, but these involve optional, easily-missed activities in the game, and are neither challenging or particularly satisfying to obtain.Presentation:This game isbeautiful. Not the realistic kind of beautiful that we’d expect from AAA games such as … The Watch Dogs E3 trailer, butappropriately beautiful. You would not want to play this game and have it look like anything other than what it looks like. The world thatBrotherstakes place in is strikingly magnificent. The town you begin your journey in is vibrant and colourful, whilst later settings are often appropriately darker and harsher. The shadowing and lighting in this game also look tremendous.The most impressive aspect of the graphics however, is the incredible work that was done to illustrate the enormousscaleof the game. No matter where you are, there is always a lot going on in the background, making you feel incredibly small and insignificant in the grand scheme of things – something that will be very familiar to those that have played the God of War series, or the critically acclaimed Shadow of the Colossus. Moving to new locations was often breathtaking, although each individual is area is so gorgeous on its own that it's hard to move on.This, of course, was no accident. The game was clearly deliberatelydesignedto immerse you in the environment, and allows you to interact with almost everything, despite the fact that this is completely optional and you are not awarded with anything other than the short animation that accompanies your action. In other words, the game doesn’t force you, or even encourage you (from a gameplay perspective) to sit on a bench in town and really take in the gorgeous scenery, but you, the player, will want to anyway.The music and sounds also complement the game perfectly, and contribute immensely to the emotional impact of the game. I’ve honestly listened to the music numerous times since finishing the game, and all the emotions I experienced from the game just come rushing back. I honestly can’t fault a single thing about the audio in this game, as I feel that it perfectly complements both the emotions and the atmosphere that are conveyed.Overall thoughts:In case it wasn’t obvious, I lovedBrothers. There is very little about the game that I can fault. With that said, I’ll admit it’s not for everybody. The game is very narrative-driven and requires a heavy emotional investment – something that not every gamer is prepared to, capable, or willing to do. It’s worth noting that this game could very well have been another To The Moon, or Gone Home – games which I personally loved, and are very story/emotionally-driven, but lack any real gameplay, closely flirting with the definition of what a “Game” truly is. No one played either of those two games and said “Wow, that was fun”, because plain and simple, thegameplayin those two games are complete garbage.Brothers, however, manages to capture the same kind of narrative and emotion (and arguably exceeds them both) without compromising on the gameplay. There is no doubt in anyone’s mind that this is, in fact, a game. That is the true magic ofBrothers."
,Recommended,225080,3579403,"Posted: 6 September, 2013",all,Deputy Dangle,"It's been a while since I played a game that's this lovingly crafted and that felt like it came from such a strong emotional space that exudes throughout the entire journey. Brothers is a game that deals with many different themes, some fantastical in nature, and tackles them head on and with a touch of nuance. It's also a very charming game that overcomes any technical limitation through great art direction.Its basic concept of controlling the older brother on the left analog stick and the younger brother on the right is one that may turn off some at first but truly comes into its own as the game progresses with a thematic payoff unlike anything I've ever seen in a game before. Brothers also has excellent pacing that carries over into its puzzles. They are simple yet I never felt like they were braindead easy. They're always fresh in some way and play off of mechanics I learned before without ever showing a tutorial on screen outside of the beginning chapter.Brothers: A Tale of Two Sons was an excellently developed puzzle platformer that wasn't afraid to go to some dark places but also knew when to highlight a truly joyous moment. And this was all through gameplay. These special moments or sections were rarely shown through cutscenes only. It wants you to experience these parts through gameplay as much as possible, and it very much succeeds at that. But it's a climactic moment near the end that truly brings that idea home. A moment so brilliant and emotionally resonant to me that it'd be a shame if people missed out on this because we're on the cusp of a new console generation transition. Don't pass this game up. It begs to be played."
,Recommended,225080,8666542,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,☠Lady☠Darkness☠,"Wonderful game! The story is really deep and fascinating! It's a sweet tale about two brothers who must make a long journey in a fantastic strange world in order to find a magical medicine to heal their father.As a tale, you'll meet all kind of wonderful creatues, some will help you, some will try to stop you. The gameplay is very original too. You'll control two characters at the same time : right joystick for the young brother, left joystick for the big one (using a controller). It works with keyboard/mouse as well. Achievements are easy to get as long as you're curious enough to explore and make everything ;-)Brothers are obviously allied with one another and you'll share their story with passion for sure :)Sweetness,deep feelings,great adventure,amazing characters,beautiful world to explore : it's a sweet tale you'll have to enjoy!10/10"
,Recommended,225080,17601466,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Murphy's Lawyer,"AT A GLANCE(Full review follows below)Game Name:Brothers - A Tale of Two SonsOriginal Release:2013Genre Tags:Atmospheric; Innovative; Adventure; Avant-Garde; CasualMy Overall Grade:A+Estimated Playtime (Campaign):3-5 hoursMultiplayer Aspect:NoneRecommended To:Novelty seekers; Aesthetes; Game atmosphere connoisseurs; Avant-garde enthusiasts; Casual gamersREVIEWBrothers - A Tale of Two Sonsis a splendidly innovative, little game with pleasing aesthetics and a touching narrative that is sure to amuse nearly any gamer.  This game is a quintessential example of the avant-garde in gaming.  Perfectly craftedsingle-player co-opis now a reality asBrothers - A Tale of Two Sonswill have you controlling two characters simultaneously (by using the dual joysticks of modern controllers) as you embark on a short, but heartfelt, adventure.The game plays as an adventure-puzzler game.  You will have to control both of your characters simultaneously and use their different strengths and abilities in tandem to solve the various puzzles you encounter on your adventure.  It really is quite an experience and there were several times where I could actually feel my brain get crossed-up as I tried to control both characters at once.  This is definitely the kind of game that exercises your brain.  I would say this mechanic alone would make the game worth playing, even if the other aspects were poor.  Fortunately, pretty much all the other aspects of the game are first-rate as well.Supplementing the innovative mechanics at the core of the game are the elegant graphics, pleasing soundscape, and overall charming atmosphere.  There are some really varied and well-crafted areas to traverse as you play through the story.  More than justlookingdifferent, the various areas of the gamefeeldifferent—  and each add their own twist to the gameplay.The game is ultimately a story-driven experience.  That story is simple, but told well— evoking empathy.  The levels, while gorgeous, are quite linear; and the puzzles, while innovative, are quite simple.  And those factors only serve to contribute to the brevity of the game.  Most people should be able to complete the game in 3 to 4 hours; it is the kind of thing that can (and probably should) be done in one immersive sitting.  It is the definition of “short-and-sweet.”Brothers - A Tale of Two Sonsis one of those games I would say basically everyone will enjoy. Even if you don’t really play games that much, or are someone who only plays a specific genre very different from this, I still must implore you to play this game.  It is very well-crafted, delightfully innovative, and short enough that it is worth anyone’s time to experience.Follow my curation page to see more of my recommendations!"
,Recommended,225080,13500518,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Boris,Wonderful game. Stunning graphics. Emotional story. Too lazy to write a full review just buy it and cry
,Recommended,225080,15403818,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Arran,This is what games were meant to be: a way to use game mechanics to tell a story and bringing it to the next level.I felt feels.
,Recommended,225080,2744514,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,Katanasteel,"This game ... ohh man this game.I can not say too much about this title because this is a game that just must be experienced. It is a short title (I clocked in at about 3 hours when I finished it and I was pacing myself) but is it ever worth the pricetag. Beautiful visuals and story told without any real dialogue hits you hard. It is undoubtedly a must buy in my book, but keep in mind you will need something like a 360 game pad or eqivalent to play this game properly."
76561198012474009,Recommended,225080,12637066,"Posted: 25 October, 2014",all,One Tasty Piece of Bitch,"This game shows, says, and impacts you more in its 3 hour duration than nearly any other game can do in 100 or more.Video game story-telling reaches its pinacle in this game. The gameplay, pacing, enviornment, and gibberish-spewing characters all coalesse into a game that makes you feel happiness, frivolity, intensity, melancholly, dismay, suspense, terror, and most overbearingly, that motley mix of pride and deep sadness at the game's end.Beautiful visuals: artistic and technical. Plays solid. Gameplay's very innovative and welcomed.2 Brothers out of 2."
76561198024985610,Recommended,225080,13621785,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Ryuuga Hideki,"Breathtakingly beautiful backgrounds, simple-enough puzzles that are still satisfying to solve, and a truly touching story that not only uses no words to tell it but makes the controls an integral part, adding extra gravitas at just the right moments.And yes, I did shed a few tears.Video games can be art when they're made to be and when it's done right. This game is definitive proof, and worth every penny despite the fairly short ~3 hour playtime."
,Recommended,225080,16622630,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,CrYsTAxiT,"All I will say about this game is, play it on your own in one sitting (2-3 hours). Stick with it, let yourself become immersed in the world. Enjoy it and see it through to the end.This game is a gem. i didn't expect to like it so much. The story and ending are simply amazing. I recommend this game to anyone who likes a good adventure. The game is only 3 hours long and there is not too much of a challenge but overall it's an awesome experience. i enjoyed this more than any of these recent blockbuster games. Yes it's that good. 9/10"
,Recommended,225080,20256815,"Posted: 3 January, 2016",all,StrikeR,"“Brothers - A Tale of Two Sons” is an indie puzzle storytelling game done right. It showed us, that how immensely powerful a video game can be, when its game-play and story complements each other so perfectly.The world is detailed, charming and vibrant, and despite its story being only 3-4 hours long, it takes you through a multitude of environments, every chapter feels fresh, compelling and interesting, and filled with mini side-quests that reward you with achievements and extra contents.The controls for “Brothers” is pretty unique, you simultaneously control two individual characters to solve interesting, varied puzzles in order to progress through the level, on a quest to search for the water of life to save their father. The puzzles themselves are well thought out and doesn’t outstay its welcome, and despite having strange control scheme, I can safely say it works extremely well a Controller and I personally had no problems with it whatsoever.The story is what makes Brothers so brilliant, it immerses you into the world almost immediately, during my short but wonderful play-though I've experienced happiness, fear, wanderlust, compassion and profound sadness. I really think that no other means of media can really replicate such a mesmerising experience, it successfully told me a coherent, fulfilling and mature story without the characters saying single word, but solely relies on pure interactive game-play.“Brothers - A Tale of Two Sons” is incredible, and a game that you don’t want to miss, I had a truly unforgettable experience and I think you will too. Don’t watch a game-play video on the internet, but experience this little gem yourself, you will not regret it."
,Recommended,225080,32822302,Posted: 26 June,all,*Katty^ #Kom Tri Kru,It's amazing story game about 2 brothers who go on journey because their father is dying and they are trying to save him. All they have got is an old map and they are trying to figure out where to go a help their father to survive.+amazing but also sad story+beautiful relationship between brothers+nice musicI enjoyed playing this game :) I recommend this game to anyone.
,Recommended,225080,14160644,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Scyrenus,All aboard the feels train! Next stop Feelippines.What did i learn from this game?:Family is everythingGoats are awesomeBros before hoesI can't hold all these feelsMy hands don't cooperate and one of them think that the other one is ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥Overall:Amazing storytelling and visuals. I would like to find out more about the lore of this game which i bet is awesomeEzio would be proud!
,Recommended,225080,32070646,Posted: 30 May,all,Lerppupeppu,"It's been one week since I marathoned this game and it's still in my mind.. every fricking day.Brothers - A Tale of Two Sons hit me hard, very hard.Everything in this game works so well together, it almost feels like the whole game breaths and lives its own life..Such a smooth and pleasing experience.Sure, the game isn't very long (takes 3ish hours to complete) but aw man..Those 3 hours were the best hours I have spent in any game for a while.If you need something sad yet beautiful in your life, try this one out, it's totally worth it. I promise."
,Recommended,225080,14525051,"Posted: 17 February, 2015",all,Hahahrawrrahaha,"I'm glad nobody was home, because I just spent the last 15 minutesweeping my eyes out.10/10"
,Recommended,225080,13895991,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,CHPLN,"Amazing game, tells a great story with an amazing soundtrack to match.Note to self, if a blood cult is sacrificing someone, leave em to it, they know their stuff."
,Recommended,225080,23318818,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Bodaff,"[Spoiler tags are actual spoilers]It didn't hit me whenhe died.It didn't hit me whenit made me bury him.It hit me whenit made me take his controls.You will likely never get used to how this game controls, but I didn\'t realize just how strongly something so simple as keybindings could support a narrative."
,Recommended,225080,7976900,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Nilesy @ Twitch,"Brothers is an adventure game where you play as two Brothers on the search for a remedy for their ailing father.Brothers was recommended highly to me by colleagues, and I went into it with a fresh mind, knowing nothing about it.While the game is great on many levels (which I'll come to), I feel that the renound it has is purely based on the gimmicky control system. This isn't me being negative or insulting, it's just fact, the controls of the Brothers is pure gimmick. But, it works quite well! (<exclamation point, doesn't show on Steam reviews :|)Other than the controls, I didn't really feel the game set itself out as as much of a stupendous game as I'd been led to believe; certainly not Game of the Year, which I heard some had elected it to be.I fully completed the game within 5 hours and did indeed enjoy the story. The graphics, at times, were mindblowing, and are definitely this title's strongest point. It's weakest feature, however, I feel, is the lack of language from the characters. There's a certain charm listening to the almost Simlish talk from the characters, but ultimately it dissociates you from the characters, being unable to fully understand them, and unable to fully connect with them.When you do connect, it's on a base level of emotion, and has almost no base in logic or drive, just raw emotion. Which, at times is more than enough to push the game forward, but at others leave you with a feeling of pointless energy, ""I guess we just go forward then?"" for no real reason.The game is really fun and definitely something everyone should experience, but it is by no means one of the greatest games I've played. I had a super time with it, and found it very cost-worthy at it's price, and would recommend it to all.Nilesy"
,Recommended,225080,32851325,Posted: 27 June,all,Wolfzeit,"Simple but nice, sad but beautiful, short but worth it."
,Recommended,225080,10186029,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,[AReV]BavarianGod,"https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=SOCOkvdY1ws&feature=youtu.beWhile Starbreeze has enjoyed acclaim from it's previous releases, the studio hasn't exactly built it's reputation on creating whimsical worlds with moving narratives. Both Chronicles of Riddick and The Darkness gave their players dark and gritty worlds to explore and some unique gameplay twists to hook players. With such a pedigree Brothers: A Tale of Two Sons stands out as being wholly against type. It's the video game equivalent of Martin Scorsese’s Hugo, stepping away from subject matter reserved for mature audiences to deliver a memorable experience that can be enjoyed by audiences both young and old. While seemingly stepping out of the comfort zone established by their track record, Brothers stands out as one of 2013's best, and most surprising, releases.While the setting and tone of Brothers is a departure from Starbreeze's previous titles, they have maintained their fine tradition of offering refreshing gameplay mechanics. Each brother's ability to move is mapped to a joystick and each trigger acts as an interaction button for the corresponding brother. While some games have you changing between multiple characters to solve puzzles, Brothers allows you to control both characters simultaneously reducing the tedium of having to switch between characters or deliver commands to AI companions. Initially, this control setup may seem a bit clumsy but after taking a few moments to acclimate yourself to the setup it becomes natural. The brothers will face numerous challenges and all of them can be overcome with a bit of teamwork. Having the older, stronger brother boost his young sibling up to high ledges so that he can drop a rope is a small example in a long list of ways in which the boys can join forces to overcome the obstacles in their way. Starbreeze deserves high praise for finding so many unique ways to test players and make the most of the brother's teamwork. This is a major reason that A Tale of Two Sons succeeds. Throughout the three hour game, players will shift the brother's weight to steer a glider, use a rope that tethers the boys together to swing to far away ledges, distract a pesky dog with one brother so that the other brother can pass through an area safely and so on. In spite of how many different challenges players will face, it's not difficult to figure out what to do next. Unfortunately, this reprieve from frustration is complicated by a nasty side effect: Brothers is way too easy. Most players will feel completely untested by the puzzles and proceed almost entirely unopposed.While it's ease means most players may not recall any of the specific challenges that make up Brother's campaign after completing it, they will almost undoubtedly remember the game's tone and narrative. The plot is simple, the boy's father falls ill and after taking him to the town doctor they are told to go in search of a cure. This is a terrible blow to the brothers since they have already lost their mother after she drowned; the younger brother in particular is scarred by her loss as he witnessed her struggle before she succumbed to the depths. Their willingness to undertake such a perilous journey is indicative how important it is to them not to loose anyone else with grief and loss becoming a central theme. While the plot is simple, it benefits from the fact that it's telling forgoes the use of dialogue. The characters speak in a made up unsubtitled language allowing players to hone in on the their inflections and gestures. This emphasis on feeling rather than exposition allows the events to soak in without being burdened by anything superfluous or disruptive to the experience. Further enriching the experience is the fact that dozens of objects and people can be interacted with that are wholly non-essential to progressing in the game and each brother interacts with these people or objects differently. The younger brother comes off as quite ornery and mischievous while his big brother is a well behaved and serious. Discovering these traits instead of having them force fed to players is far more rewarding.Rounding out Brothers: A Tale of Two Sons as more of an experience than simply a game is it's stunning art direction and score. The fantasy world in A Tale of Two Sons is rendered in bright colors and it's texture work has an almost hand-painted quality. The home of the title characters is on the coast, near a sleepy village. This humble setting gradually gives way to more wondrous settings with picturesque mountain ranges, crystal clear bodies of water and vertigo inducing cliff sides. The studio relishes the game's aesthetics by placing benches around the world that the boys can sit on, allowing the camera to zoom in and create a post card worthy view of the game world. The colorful Disney-esque landscapes do eventually give way to some areas that have darker motifs adding a bit of gravity to the boys' trek as well as giving the world a story of it's own. While the environments are fantastic but the boys can appear a bit bland with their cartoon character skin textures and average NPC villager outerwear.The soundtrack is haunting and nuanced, giving the proceedings a bit of dramatic flair without being too intrusive or overbearing. The somber flutes, strings and chanting that make up the bulk of what tickles player's ear drums has a unique sonic signature that adds a layer of personality to a game that, due to it's fantasy setting, has some derivative subject matter.Brothers: A Tale of Two Sons may very well be this generation's Ico. It's seems that the Playstation 2's companion based cult classic was an inspiration for Starbreeze's game. Emphasizing emotion over raw exposition and dialogue, A Tale of Two Sons carves a space in players memories to reside long term. The plethora of puzzles prevents players from feeling burdened by tedious and stale routines and some darker moments later in the game remind players of the seriousness of their quest lest they get lost in the game's stunning, fantasy world. Were it more challenging, Brothers could have provided an almost flawless experience. While the gameplay may not give you a sense of accomplishment, the narrative payoff is significant enough to make A Tale of Two Sons a mandatory buy for any serious gamer."
,Recommended,225080,10914902,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,icaroferracini,"I heard a lot of good things about Brothers - A Tale of Two Sons and I'm so happy that is all true.The story, at least in the beginning, don't seems nothing spectacular but the journey is beautiful and brilliant. Everyone in the game speaks some weird language, but as you get to know both of the brothers you will have a great time playing and interacting with everything and everyone in your way.The gameplay is very different of any other game, but is pretty nice once you get used to it. The control itself is pretty simple, one button to do any action that is needed, but happily there is a lot of situations to explore this system and all of them is brilliant. You control both of the brothers at the same time and in some parts you will face challenges to do two different things using both of them to progress in the story.The visual and the art direction is awesome beautiful. I can't describe how mesmerising is to see (and play) many parts of the game.The music is also incredible, it brings you into the heart of the game. Sometimes you will feel like the brothers are feeling, sometimes it will push you up like if you were invincible. It will bring joy making you smile, but it will also brings you down. It connects you in the universe in a very strong way.Unfortunately there is some negative points: the story is pretty short, about 3 hours of gameplay and that's it. Even the achievements are pretty easy to get after you complete the game and won't make you play more. The game does support keyboard (using the arrows, W,A,S,D, right control and spacebar), although I imagine the experience will not be that nice because the controls are unusual. I didn't test play using the keyboard, but that must be the reason Steam has an alert that says it requires a controller to play.After all that, I'm glad to say that Brothers - A Tale of Two Sons is a very unique game and will give you an awesome experience. You must play it, or better yet, you must experience it. Now.[Update on 07/01/2014]- Thanks to DrSpoonbender for commenting and let me know about the keyboard support :)"
,Recommended,225080,30130846,Posted: 23 February,all,morphicmetal,"Brothers - A Tale of Two Sonsis an adventure game where you must travel around to find help for your sick father.  You and your brother have to find a way to save him before it is too late.  As you travel, you have small puzzles you must solve, and you will use your controller to move both of the brothers more or less at the same time.  Each can be moved, and each has an action button.  Figuring out when to do what is the key to progressing as you enter various situations.I got a little bit confused from time to time on directions or which brother needed to interact and when, but it's not anything that will cause much problem.  I like the relaxing overall feeling of the game, and the emotional quality of the story was really great to experience.  It is simple, but has a lot of depth in how it delivers all of that simplicity it features.ProsThe graphics in this game are really nice.  I like the style and I also like the various environments you enter as you move from place to place.  Everything is quite immersive and has a great overall feeling attached to it.  There are also benches you can sit at, and take a view of the surrounding environment in, if you so choose.The simplicity of having movement and a single action for each character is also refreshing.  This is not a usual thing for me, that I can recall, while playing games like this.  I was not really sure what to expect starting out, but it really works out great, and the design of the game around this is also done very well to complement this idea.The music and sounds are light.  They are not offensive or overly annoying, which I find can happen with some games if they are overdone, or too strongly done.  On default settings, they fit well, and I like the tracks and the lightness of the feeling they portray while I play the game.The action/interact buttons are fun to use, and in some situations you can mess with various things in your environment.  The boys will occasionally get into mischief in town, for instance.  There are some nice little combinations of things you can do to create funny scenes as they cause trouble for people around them, or just randomly interact with the environment.  There are a lot of different interactions used as you move from place to place, and it keeps things interesting.Characters and creatures you meet along the way are a real plus, and I found this enjoyable.  There is no true language, as far as I can tell, so you have to pay attention to gestures, or use your own interpretation of what they mean.  Sometimes one brother will point to areas of interest, and it's pretty straightforward for the most part on what is going on.  I like it, and I think it adds to the overall feeling and style of the game.The story, and the progression as you move from area to area is done well.  I especially like the emotional quality that comes forth once you reach a certain point.On the one hand I really like this, and I definitely favor it in comparison to what I dislike about it, since it is smoothly done as you transition, but I would have liked a tiny bit of backstory to understand why everything is happening as it is happening.  I think this would be hard to do with the style without something before the prologue, since one must interpret everything going on, rather than read text, or listen to spoken language.ConsShort, and I would have liked to enjoy a little bit more.  I also tend to play longer games in general, so it's not a bad thing being short.  If a game is well done throughout, then the length does not matter.  Some may prefer a shorter experience if they want to get through a game in a reasonable amount of time, instead of it taking tens or hundreds of hours to complete all a game has to offer.Very linear as a result of being short, but at the same time the story is still very engaging, and may be preferable to some people.  I like a little more going on overall with extras, but the simplicity is a strong point as well with this game.  I would have liked to have a little more little bonus interactions along the way, or just a few more general side things.The story at first left me slightly unsure exactly what was going on, though you can tell to a certain extent.  I would have liked to have a bit more clarity on the opening bits, but in general this wasn't too much of a gripe.ConclusionThis is a real gem that I think almost anyone would really enjoy playing, especially if you like more indie adventure style games, or want to play a solid game that does not take too long overall to finish.  There is something to say about the simplicity which makes the game very endearing, in my opinion.  Many times less is in fact more, and this game definitely brings that point home.  Everything in the game is done with care, and the entire creative work is really impressive.  It's not the best this or the best that, but what it does do, it does extremely well.The story, and your quest along the way to complete it, is a powerful force in this game.  I would highly recommend this to anybody that likes something story-driven, while being not too complex, and hammering home everything it does do quite well.  It is hard to argue with the many many positive reviews this game has received.  After playing through, I can emphatically understand why."
,Recommended,225080,26416321,"Posted: 4 November, 2016",all,VK,"I played this game with my little sister.She gave me a hug at the end of this game saying that she is proud to have a big brother lol...Very amazing story, amazing environment and amazing soundtracks.10/10 for this game."
,Recommended,225080,32140690,Posted: 2 June,all,Estecka,Never did a game put so much meaning into which button you needed to use.
,Recommended,225080,34244072,Posted: 14 August,all,Chaz,"for anyone unsure because it says it ""requires a controller to play,"" it's not actually required. I beat it with mouse and keyboard, it's probably just easier with a controller. Would still recommend it even without a controller"
,Recommended,225080,8571698,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Meatbug,"Brilliant game!The gameplay feels great, it is emotional, touching and looks and sounds pretty nice. A small but beautiful fairy tale.You'll play as two brothers, an older and a younger one, on their quest for a cure to their sick father.Both are controlled via the analog-sticks on the controller. You can control them separately and move them around independently, which is also needed for a lot of the puzzles throughout the game, but it is not as hard as it might sound (imho).You will encounter some obstacles on your journey which you need to overcome, e.g. you are tied together with a rope and you need to climb a tower. While one brother hangs on a ledge, the other one swings to another ledge, now hanging there to let the other brother swing to the platform you need to climb.Both have also different ""abilitys"": The older brother is capable of lifting the younger one onto higher platforms, he wouldn't be able to climb otherwise, while the younger one can slip through small passages.The artstyle and visuals are very beautiful and the sound adds a lot of emotion to it.Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,225080,32948612,Posted: 28 June,all,Freerider-Dave,"Brothers - A Tale of Two SonsWatch out for that ninja cutting onionsNo SpoilersBrothers - A Tale of two sons is the bittersweet story of two brothers trying to save their father. The two brothers must work together to bring back the water of life for their father. After losing their mother to drowning the younger brother has a fear of water which his brother must help him overcome.The twin stick control is very unique and fun. Its a single player COOP where you control both brothers at once to overcome obstacles that one person could not. The graphics are beautiful and are almost nostalgic in a way., they king of remind me of Shawdow of the Collossus and ICO for some reason.The story is short and can be completed in around 3-4 hours. But its well worth it as you get a great experience.Prepare for the feels.Pro'sBeautiful Graphics styleUnique Twin stick controlJust one more turn symptom (You will complete this game in one sitting)Its something different, quite refreshingCon'sThat damn ninja with his onionsFreerider-Dave"
76561198135831393,Recommended,225080,19666594,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Mercenary,"A single game with simple graphics, a quick and surprising history. An amazing title as I did not play for a long time. Note 9/10"
,Recommended,225080,17568467,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,omayra,"Good game with unique gameplay mechanics, beautiful graphics and deep story. Highly recommended for everyone who likes storyrich, movie-like adventure games.You play as two brothers who are on a journey to find a special ""magic water"" to cure their father from a deadly disease. And I mean you play/control both brothers at the same time, the older brother with WASD+Space(interact) and the little brother with the arrow keys+rightCTRL(interact). In the beginning this coordination seems to be a huge challenge but you get used to it quite soon and once you can handle this special controls its really fun.Every brother has his own strenghts and weaknesses (and personality which you notice when you let the brothers interact with certain persons or things) so they have to help each other = you have to coordinate both brothers in their own way to beat the challenges along your way (these ""puzzles"" are simple to be honest but in my opinion that doesnt matter since the focus in this game is definately on the story and they are still fun to solve).This kind of mechanics offer a unique and very special gameplay experience.The graphics are beautiful, especially the water and light effects. Youll fnd a lot of benches along the way, use these opportunities to sit down for a moment and enjoy the view!Unfortunately the game is relatively short - you need 3-4 hours from start to finish, but nevertheless the story is deep and the characters (the two brothers, there arent any more important characters) are complex, for me personally it felt much longer than the three hours it took me to play it through for the first time.I encountered one single bug: I got stuck once between a ledge and thehand of a trollbut since theres a checkpoint every few minutes that wasnt a serious problem and like I said it happened only once.Other things to mention: You cant save your game, but there are enough checkpoints. There arent any video or audio settings to configurate except gamma correction and music/effect volume and you cant change the controls - but none of this is necessary or would be useful for the game. The language in the whole game is a fictional language but due to the brothers body language (and the given context in general) you can always understand what they mean.That was it... nice game. 7/10.EDIT: Oh I forgot... You wont get a single achievement just during the usual game, for doing what you have to do to get ahead. For the achievements you have to take the bypaths and have to look out for the little things (:"
,Recommended,225080,28328839,"Posted: 12 December, 2016",all,wany1981,"Beautiful, touching, magical and moving.This is an adventure game like no other. You control two brother at same time which is way interesting then your regular game that you only control one character. There are so many things u can do to work together and solve every situation that's thrown at you.You fly with a glider, ride a boat, mount a bird, and slide on a tree.You defeat ogre, invisible frost giant, wolves and other dangerous enemy.You travel though a battle field of giant, huge ruined castle, graveyard at night, magical tree of life, and snow covered icebergs.You meet friends and foe, experience love and betrayal, teamwork and conflict, happiness and sadness.Life goes on…Graphics, Music, plots, puzzle are all very well done. Achievements are fun to get and not that hard to do.I will deduct 1 point for the tears it gave me and this game ends with a solid 9/10. Everyone that read this and never played this game is missing a lot. Install, play and experience this short 2 hours adventure game.PS: on my store page it said this game require a controler to play. But you can play it with keyboard just fine."
,Recommended,225080,21593698,"Posted: 2 March, 2016",all,Saint Satan,"An exquisite journey from start to finish.Brothers - A Tale of Two Sonsis an adventure game about two brothers that try to aid their dying father.  With their father's demise on the horizon they set out on a quest to find the ""water of life"", a mysterious liquid with healing qualities.  With no choices left they embark on a journey they won't soon forget.GameplayBrothers is an adventure game with some modest puzzle solving.  The puzzles are fairly simplistic in nature so adventuring is the primary focus.  You will, of course, need teamwork by using the two brothers in tandem and sometimes apart.  The environment is often times treacherous and will require using both brothers in various ways to progress.GraphicsThe graphics in Brothers are absolutely gorgeous.  They are colorful, vibrant, and imaginative and they bring the fairy tale scenery to realization.  You will ascent rolling hilltops and mountains and explore the depths of dank caves.  You will explore a creepy, sinister forest that will lead into a calm, tranquil valley; there is good variety and contrast in all of the distinct areas.Controls(a controller is recommended for this game)In Brothers you control two characters simultaneously.  At first I was distressed at the thought but the game quickly put my thoughts at ease.  Each brother is easy to control and I never had any issues whatsoever.  Controlling the two brothers at the same time was effortless; it was easy to manage them and make them do precisely what I wanted.SoundThe music in Brothers is clever and accents the scene.  In dire situations where dangers are about the music is quite moody.  When it's more slow-paced the music is serene.  The sound effects are well done and help pull you into the wonderful atmosphere.OverallBrothers - A Tale of Two Sonsis a must play for any gamer with a controller.  It's is a very short game but also a very memorable one; the game is a great price for it's length.  Do not hesitiate to buy this near perfect game.Score1 = Hated it2 = Disliked it3 = Liked it4 = Really liked it(5 = Loved it)If you liked this review or want to see more recommended games, be sure to follow our curator group:Follow Orginal Curators Group"
,Recommended,225080,21630449,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,ownosourus,"Brothers: A Tale of Two Sons tells the story of two boys who have already struggled with the loss of their mother, and are now faced with the reality of a sick and dying father. The village doctor expresses to them that they must travel to a special tree where they can retrieve what is needed to cure him. The journey takes the brothers through bright, beautiful landscapes meeting both friend and foe along the way.Any words spoken in this title are not words at all. It’s gibberish not unlike what you would hear from The Sims, though decidedly less silly. It threw me at first, even prompting me to stop and ensure that I had the correct language chosen in the settings – only to find that there was no language setting at all. Still, you are never left wondering what a character intended to say. Through actions and situations, the message is always clear. It’s as if the developer dispensed with dialogue in much the same way a child removes training wheels from his bicycle.The true genius of this game is in the way that it uses game mechanics to connect the two brothers to each other, and the player to them. Both brothers are controlled simultaneously, one with the left stick and left trigger, the other with the right stick and right trigger – as the player, you are the common link. It feels a bit clumsy and takes some getting used to, and though it becomes easier with time, I never quite felt like I ever got the hang of it even as the game concluded. Fortunately, nothing about this title is particularly demanding from a platforming perspective.Brothers feels exactly like the type of game you’d make if you paid attention to how mechanics feed into narrative, and grew up surrounded by Swedish folk lore and the writings of Astrid Lindgren – author of books like Pippi Longstocking and Emil of Lönneberga, and the more pertinent to this game; The Brothers Lionhart and Ronia The Robber’s Daughter. That’s not to say that Brothers feels derivative – far from it. It’s just evocative of those things, which actually makes it stand out, more than anything. Have it all be coordinated by the steady storytelling hand of Josef Fares, and it’s no mystery why this tale of two sons actually turned out pretty fantastic.Since you always have two characters on the screen at once, it’s basically a one player co-op game – and though that may initially seem like a point of critique, it almost immediately becomes apparent that it’s pretty much the entire point of the game. As you become more and more comfortable with the controls, you eventually get a feel for how these characters are in sync – a true sense of relation that isn’t just fed to you through a cutscene. In fact, the way the game conveys how these brothers help each other out is one of the simplest yet most powerful things I’ve seen someone do with the medium.The bulk of the game feels a little bit like ICO. You do some platforming, some puzzling, some light navigating through perilous situations. It’s never difficult, and certainly not mechanically stressful – but the crux isn’t so much in nail biting challenge, but rather in the interplay between the two characters. The element of doing things in tandem keeps you involved and engaged in a way that doesn’t require the obstacles themselves to be overly convoluted. You’ll guide one character to turn a wheel, while guiding the other to ride an elevator. You’ll move a vine sideways while the other character is climbing up and down to avoid danger. You’ll control the paddles in a boat separately, or operate a see-saw to cut a tree down. There are more elaborate examples, but that would be telling!Adding to the impact of Brothers is the way it marries its visual and audio presentation to its story. The storybook landscapes and pastel quality to the textures evoke the game’s Nordic heritage, and Gustaf Grefberg’s score effortlessly underpins the emotional beats of the story without overpowering it. Caught somewhere between ThatGameCompany’s gameplay-light, aesthetically led works, and some of the more gameplay focused indie titles of recent years, such as Braid or Bastion. Brothers falters slightly by trying to please both masters. However it also manages to step out of the shadows of its influences by utilising its unique control scheme to enhance its story. It’s a wonderful example of tying mechanics to theme and its easy to imagine elements of what Brothers does being copied and iterated on in the future.It feels like another example of smaller games stepping out into unique and interesting directions and telling smaller, more personal stories in ways only possible through the medium. It’s easy to overlook a lot of what makes Brothers unique from first glance, its unassuming style belies a title with a lot more on its mind. But stick with it and you’ll be rewarded with something really quite special.Brothers: A Tale of Two Sons is not about challenging platforming or confounding puzzles. It’s not about replay value or flashy visuals. This game’s brilliance is in how its moving story is told: all because of how you move your fingers – which buttons you’re pressing, and which ones you’re not. This is a breakthrough in what interactivity can accomplish with little aid from more traditional storytelling mechanics – its resulting importance to this medium is no exaggeration."
,Recommended,225080,26438386,"Posted: 5 November, 2016",all,BrokenLink,"Well,thatcame out of nowhere.I spent a mere 1.5€ on this... and by the time I finished Brothers - A Tale of Two Sons, it proved itself to be one of the most powerful, confident and, yes, one of the best video games I've ever played.I strongly recommend you go into this game blind, so I'm going to be as vague as I can in this review.The premise is fairly simple: two boys head out on an adventure to save their dying father. Make no mistake though; this is a mature, sometimes surprisingly dark story that tackles heavy themes.There's not a single line of proper dialogue: the characters in the game use body language and talk gibberish (imagine The Sims, something like that) to convey emotion and/or move the story forward. The storytelling relies heavily on visuals, and does an immensely good job at transporting you to a fantasy world brimming with personality.The gameplay consists of controlling the two brothers via the controller's two analog sticks (though you can use a keyboard, I'd say definitely go for the gamepad). These two must overcome obstacles and solve mild puzzles (which, in all fairness, require no thinking whatsoever, but are still fun nonetheless) throughout their journey.It's funny how a 4 hour game effortlessly packs more creativity, emotion and memorable set pieces than most contemporary AAA titles struggle to achieve in the span of twice (or even thrice) as many hours. Brothers never feels stale or boring, thanks to its constantly throwing new ideas at you (both in terms of gameplay and visuals), toying with each one just enough before moving on to the next.Brothersis also a strong reminder that art direction, when done right, can outweigh technical brilliance. Sure, some textures are bland and low-res, and you'll never come across any spectacular models or visual effects. But the attention to detail here is so staggering, and the world building so impeccable, it will leave you wondering why you care so much about the technicalities in the first place.All this is elevated by the soundtrack, which is simplyphenomenal; sometimes overwhelmingly so. There were moments where the visuals blended so perfectly with the soundtrack, it gave me genuine chills.Really, the only criticism I may have is the somewhat clunky controls. It takes some time to get used to them (if you get used to them at all), as they are not exactly intuitive; there were times when I confused the two brothers and their actions. But that's a very, very small price to pay for such an exquisite and memorable journey.Brothers - A Tale of Two Sons is as close to perfect as it gets."
,Recommended,225080,30481237,Posted: 12 March,all,flypp,"Heartbreaker history.Breathtaking landscapes.Short, intuitive and very emotional game."
,Recommended,225080,11384290,"Posted: 23 July, 2014",all,Tomsthreem,"I have to confess that I bought this game by mistake in the last summer sale. I thought I did a stupid purchase. (Back then i said: OMG im an idiot, why did you pay for this trashy game?....)It's really great when you discover something good in your stupidity.Brothers a Tale of Two Sons is a really good game, simple, short and emotional.Its really easy but besides of that, the game is fantastic.I strongly recommend you to buy this game on sale or perhaps in a bundle."
,Recommended,225080,23321911,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,FarahTDU,Beautiful gameSimple but unique and interesting game mechanicsDelivers a great story. No comprehensible language? No problem
,Recommended,225080,8145941,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,TastyEmpire,"There really isn't a way for me to recommend this game enough. I played it when it came out on the 360 and had to buy it again on Steam.The first thing to know about this game is that it's ideally suited to a gampad with two analog sticks. It's possible to play with a mouse and keyboard, but it was specifically designed with a dual analog stick controller in mind.The gameplay mechanics can take a little getting used to, but after a short time, they feel very fluid and natural. You control one brother with the left stick and left trigger and the other brother with the right stick and right trigger. Those are the only buttons you use. Sounds simple and it is, but it's so unique. I've never played a game like this as far as controlling characters and it's truly a joy to play.The puzzles are fairly simple, but satisfying. The music is absolutely beautiful. The graphics aren't going to push your graphics card, but they are definitely appealing.The story is at times funny, hopeful, touching, and incredibly sad. There is no spoken language in the game, but it does an amazing job conveying emotions via the characters gestures and vocalizations.This is definitely one the most interesting games I've played in a very long time and I highly recommend that you give it a try."
76561198286352117,Recommended,225080,34024236,Posted: 4 August,all,Spyroenix,"Great atmospheric storyline ever and I like with concept design this game but,.- This game doesn't have subtitle. I mean I don't have idea what they talking about -_-- The Puzzle so EZ but doesn't matter I enjoyed this game.- Main story was too short9/10"
,Recommended,225080,8873035,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,El-Infidel,"Brothers - A Tale of Two Sons is a puzzle adventure game that has you control 2 brothers at the same time to navigate the game and solve puzzles along the way. You will come across many puzzles throughout the game each with interesting mechanics to solve, almost all of these puzzles will require you to use both of your characters at the same time to solve them.Brothers is quite short coming in at 3 hours but I personally don't think this holds the game back at all, it was better for them to create 3 hours of interesting and engaging storyline than 10 hours of boring ""When will this end"" gameplay. I certainly recommend this game if you are looking for an interesting story to complete in one afternoon.Pros+ Emotional storyline+ polished gameplay+ Interesting control systemVerdict 9.5/10"
,Recommended,225080,12720196,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,LockeProposal,"+ Musical score, while limited, did a fantastic job setting the tone+ Absolutely fantastic environments+ Creative creature and level design+ Rich, incredible atmosphere+ Without discernable dialogue, tells a great story; will leave you with emotional trauma+ Unique gameplay for a platformer+ Controls and movement were smooth and simple- ""Puzzles"" were far, far too easy- Ending dragged on a bit- Game was very short (less than 3 hours on my first playthrough)LockeProposal's Big Day OutCommunity GroupCurator PageSerious Steam Reviews subReddit"
76561198157036927,Recommended,225080,27530496,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,CSaintD,"A surprisingly heart-wrenching tale with beautiful graphics, interesting control structure and a great story.  I was able to control both characters with my keyboard (one with WASD, the other with arrow key pad), but it was a bit confusing at times.  Once you got the hang of it though, it wasn't too bad.  I am not an avid ""platformer"" fan, but I quite enjoyed this one!"
,Recommended,225080,14427685,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Budi,"You control two brothers simultaneously, both with the thumbsticks of a gamepad. It can also be played with a keyboard, but for full and creators intended experience this game REQUIRES a controller! Quote from the creative director ""You can play with a keyboard but that would destroy everything with the game. It's really extremely important that you use a controller."" The controls are actually part of the storytelling. Keyboard controls were only added because keyboard support was needed for PC release.You are sent on an adventure to get medicine for your father, on your journey you meet people, animals and even trolls! You solve light puzzles by using both of the characters.The game has no real dialogue, only nonsensical mumbling. Though even without real words  the game delivers real emotions. The visual art and music are beautiful. I just wish the game would had been maybe few hours longer.Short but sweet game.[Score: 87]"
,Recommended,225080,11066995,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Aussiedroid,"As the tale begins .. ""A man, clinging to life. His two sons, desperate to cure their ailing father, are left with but one option..."".. that's right, to go on an epic bro-tastic quest to save him!Starbreeze studios have created a fantasy world in Brothers that oozes with vibrance, life & atmosphere that really makes the world come alive. This is complemented by excellently detailed character animations & enviromental/weather effects that give additional impact to every scene (and they look really good!). Camera selection/direction is fluid & enhances each specific scene, drawing attention to a beautiful vista or the next path to take. There are also park benches throughout the game, where the bros can sit to view the gorgeous panoramic scenery. This was a really nice touch!Each controller stick & trigger controls each brother independantly (Left for big bro, Right for lil bro). Dubbed as 'Single player Co-op', this mode of play makes for some interesting gameplay mechanics & puzzle solving challenges (not to mention the challenge of actually coordinating your brain to control two players at once!). Its not that easy trust me lol! The rest of the game in general is very forgiving & overall isn't too puzzling &/or difficult to complete.Exploring, you can find some fun Easter Eggs, some relating to achievements, but others that are just there to make you smile and have a fun moment :)For me, the real stand out feature in Brothers was the story, which is a bit strange to say really, as there is actually no understandable dialog in the entire game! Everyone speaks agibberishlanguage you cannot understand. This actually works in the game's favor due to the quality animation & scene direction; you just understand what is going on naturally & the details of it all become irrelevant. Interestingly, the emotions become more relevant as you watch the brother's story unfold.It's impressive storytelling, exploring (among other things) family, sacrifice & loss, helping others & overcoming fears, along with some heartwarming & heartbreaking moments too. All moving you forward to the unforgettable conclusion(which might just stick with you for a while).Overall, Brothers has smooth & relaxing gameplay, devoid of any of those frustrating gamer moments. Impressive graphics, quality sound effects & a musical score that drives the emotional impact throughout extremely well. It's a short, but memorable 4-5 hour experience with immersive storytelling & plenty of adventurous 'Indiana Jones & Tomb Raider-esque' action sequences to enjoy.Great bro-tastic experience! Great adventure game!If you enjoyed reading this review, please followTrue Blue Reviewsfor more recommendations!"
,Recommended,225080,5476474,"Posted: 24 September, 2013",all,S w e a t p a n t s,"Brothers: A Tale of Two Sons is the first game to successfully tell a story within the video game genre. It is more an experience rather than a game. It is the most emotionally charged game to an extent where it doesn't overstay it's welcome. Brothers operates with a beautifully spare efficiency in every aspect of its narrative and design, propelling you through a striking storybook landscape in which gameplay mechanics and thematic storytelling thread together more tightly than most games can manage. The resulting journey is so singularly devoted to creating a specific tone and atmosphere that you won't likely be able to stop thinking about it until long after you've seen it through to the end. And it surprisingly excels at this without saying a single word and without forcing anything upon you. It is really understandable that it would be the Game of the Year and is already a personal choice of famous youtubers. It is clearly my Game of the Year. Dont't watch it, play it. This game will impact you in a way that no other game ever did. Lock your door, plug in your controller and start Brothers. Play it in one sitting, it is a 2 and half to 3 hour journey. I could go on and on about this game but I cannot put it all in words. It is an unforgettable experience. I definitely reccommend it. :)"
,Recommended,225080,25927772,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,✦Etherion✦,A beautiful game with a great story that hits you right in the feels. Definitely an all time favourite.Pros:+ Great story.+ Simple yet clever puzzles which adds to the gameplay.+ Beautiful scenery.+ Filled with emotional moments.+ Easy to unlock achievements for the achievement hunter.Cons:- Game is relatively short but still a great experience.
,Recommended,225080,29437521,Posted: 22 January,all,Audish,"I have daughters, not sons, but this one still touched me on a personal level. It would be hard for it not to touch anyone because it follows a very human story, a journey of sacrifice and loss. I had some idea what I was getting into when I started it and the finale still got me pretty good, so prepare for a straight shot to the feels when the end comes. You'll need to prepare for a very unique experience anyway when you start wrestling with the controls, but I assure you the sacrifice is well worth it.Unsurprisingly, this game is the tale of two sons, out on a quest to save their deathly ill father. Told entirely without intelligible dialog, the story sends them to the furthest reaches of their rather Scandinavian world to retrieve something that can save his life. Along the way they'll meet all manner of simple folk, some not-so-friendly critters, and some unexpected figures of myth. There's a lot of ground to cover between their craggy home and their mysterious destination and you'll guide them almost the entire way, in a grand journey that feels taken from a proper epic poem.You're guiding both of them, mind you. At the same time. You'll need a modern controller for this one because each brother is controlled by a different analog stick. Each has his own interaction button as well, but that's it for the controls and thank God for that because it's actually MORE disorienting than you're imagining. I got confused enough by tank games that have each stick control a different tread, so having two people to run around at once really screws with my brain. Honestly, over the entire three hours the game takes I never REALLY got used to moving two characters simultaneously.The good news is that you don't REALLY have to get used to it for the game to work. The vast majority of the paths through the game have safe edges and no dangers to worry about. Jumping is automatic, climbing just requires holding interact at the right times, and almost none of the puzzles you'll face require careful timing. Instead, Brothers goes off in a more creative direction to challenge you with puzzles specific to your dual protagonists. There are moments where you'll need them both to navigate something long through narrow passageways, or cooperate to trick a monster into a cage, or get each other across a gaping chasm. In what's easily the game's most clever sequence, the boys are connected by a rope that they can use to swing off of each other to reach new heights.The creative puzzles you'll face are woven carefully into the world to feel natural, never forced. There are definitely shades of ICO here, especially when you reach the windmills or towers. That feel extends to the world as well in how intelligently it is crafted and realized, though there are a lot more people kicking around in this one. Your journey isn't a particularly solitary one (and not just because you've got your bro with you), with plenty of farmers, villagers, and other folks going about their lives. There's more than that, too... the further in you get, the more creatures of myth you'll run into, giving the game a much more epic feel than you might be expecting from the start.What begins as a trek through pastoral fields and scenic trails soon grows foreboding with torch-lit caves and darkened woods, and only becomes more intense from there. I won't spoil anything but there are areas (and events) near the end of the game that were shocking in how dark they were. And then there's the ending, which I do hope you're prepared to face. The whole story from start to finish is expertly told through the efforts and small interactions between the brothers, and by the time it winds to a close you're bound to feel like the unseen third sibling. Drawn in by the gorgeous visuals, excellent soundtrack, and high quality throughout, there's even more to appreciate here than what I've laid out for you. Take a chance and follow these brothers on their journey, and I promise you'll be well-rewarded for your time.Did you enjoy this review? I certainly hope so, and I certainly hope you'll check out more of them athttps://goldplatedgames.com/or on mycuration page!"
,Recommended,225080,8046331,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,The Slothful Existentialist,"Brothers is an amazing game. I played it a while back and wrote a half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥review that didn't really portray how much I enjoyed this game. A few of the generalized points about why I love it:First, the graphics. The use of the Unreal Engine 3 is really taken advantage of, with some incredible lighting and unbelievable physics. It is a very colorful game that is very immersive.Second, the controls. The fact that I prefer a controller helped in appreciating the gameplay a lot more. In this game, one controls both brothers - at the same time. That's right, no switching back-and-forth between them. It is why a controller is required (though I've heard of people using keyboards somehow), because you need the two joysticks. When controlling both brothers at the same time, it is noticable that the older brother has assets while the younger brother is weak.Third, the storyline. There are not many games that are able to choke people up (emotionally). This is one game that was, at the very least, able to choke me up (even if it was just at the end). The story is about a widowed ill father, and about his two sons travelling far and wide to reach a cure. When the characters talk in the game, it is an unknown language. But even when people do not speak the same language, when they feel strongly about something and speak to you anyways, you may just understand what they said.In the end, this is a very nice game. Personally, having a brother that only shares a mother with me, I couldn't understand the full extent of their emotion."
,Recommended,225080,13621697,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,inception.,wow. this game is amazing. I bought this game with 1.50 dollar at 2014 holiday sales. for my opinion it does worth more than 10 dollars. 9.5/10
,Recommended,225080,12941673,"Posted: 14 November, 2014",all,Tophski,"Rarely does a game come a long which can take you through emotional highs and lows. Rarer still is a game which blends those emotional experiences so seemlessly with the gameplay mechanics instead of shoving it down your throat in lengthy cutscenes. Brothers is a shining example of a successful blend of story and mechanics. The game's puzzles are well designed and feel satisfying to solve, almost always making use of the 'one player coop' asymmetry between the characters in unique and celver ways to progress through the game. Brother's Environments are extremely varied from grand mountain vistas to muted yet intricate caves. It feels like a world teeming with interesting fables and legend, yet the game insists on leaving lore and backstory to your imagination. This means the pacing feels pretty impecible throughout.Now, the game's characters don't speak a word of any particular language. Pretty much all of the communication between characters is done via body language. This perhaps sounds a little pretentious - but it works SO much better this way. Never did I feel like I didn't understand what a character was trying to communicate. Admittedly it was jarring at first, but after a half hour you'll start to see why this method of communication works in harmony with the game.I won't spoil what makes up this game's 'emotional' qualities. - and I know you want to punch me in the face for saying ""emotional qualities"". Just know that Brothers isn't just a sad game. Quite the opposite, it makes you feel a range of emotions. This game is funny, charming, thoughtful and touching. For me personally it's had a greater emotional impact in its 4 hour length than any film, book or indeed game I've ever played. All that whilst not saying a single word of English. Do yourself a favour, lock yourself away for a few hours, play this game from start to finish and immerse yourself in the story.As a final note - I would recommend playing this game with a gamepad. Wait! Don't through your pitchforks yet! The game still plays on a keyboard - though this game feels like it's built for a controller in mind. I would argue that keyboard control would detract from experience, and I'm pretty damn ardent about mah keyboard n' mouse."
76561197984776622,Not Recommended,225080,7792713,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,eternalsnows,"I recently wrapped up a 2 hour playthrough of Brothers: A Tale of Two Sons. I give the developers full credit for creating some astonishingly beautiful visuals, which truly enable the fairy tale world of the game to come to life. I was swept away by breathtaking vistas of misty valleys and snow-capped mountains, as well as some of the most gorgeous water effects I've ever seen in a video game.That being said, I didn't find any other aspect of this title to be particularly noteworthy or enjoyable. The puzzles are extremely simplistic and I was never, even for a moment, at loss as to how to proceed. This simplicity might lead one to think that this could be a good game for kids, but the grim tone and surprisingly gruesome middle section quickly put that idea to rest.I question the decision to implement a made up ""language"" for the characters to use to express themselves. I think it badly detracts from the seriousness of the story. I would have preferred either no dialog at all (pantomime would probably have been sufficient) or some concise dialog/narration in a real language. Perhaps something written in a fairy tale style would have fit the mood of the game perfectly.Finally, I have to take major issue with the ending. I think the developers were going for grand operatic tragedy, but because of the complete lack of characterization things fall totally flat. The shrill and melodramatic music that underscores ""big"" moments makes the lack of true drama all the more obvious and jarring.I'm sure many people will enjoy Brothers: A Tale of Two Sons, but based on my own taste in games and art in general I don't find anything to recommend here."
76561198067242755,Recommended,225080,27765120,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,harlequen2,"This little gem is different than any games that I played, I'm enjoying it even I had a little bug at the beginning, couldn't rotate the handles by the bridge with My XBox, so I had to disconnect the XBox and use the Keyboard to get past that part, and I finally did, but it take longer and it's harder with the Keyboard, so when I finally got to a checkpoint, I could switch back to My Xbox. Still I like to recommend this game, it's a unique experience no one should miss."
,Recommended,225080,23503137,"Posted: 11 June, 2016",all,RT-XD,Wow...that's all I can say...
,Recommended,225080,13654383,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,roughnecks,"Personal Rating: Left me speechless, went right to the heart.Classic Rating: ★★★★★I'm not giving it 10/10 only because there is a bug which prevents you to advance (second chapter) and the only way to bypass it is restarting the chapter from the beginning.Pros: Astounding story and soundtrack, easy but nice gameplay, beautiful artworks and graphics.Cons: None, really (apart from that bug).It's been a joy playing ""Brothers - A Tale of Two Sons"", we need more of these games."
,Recommended,225080,9325278,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Taumpy Tearrs,"I came into this game knowing it was the single player co-op game, many friends had recommended it, and not much else.  That is the way to do it.  It is absolutely worth the 4-6 hours it will take to complete and every new chapter managed to again take my breath away.  It is an incredible story of loss and growth set in an utterly realized yet fantastical world.  Sometimes controlling the brothers at the same time is confusing (it's the video game equivalent of patting your head and rubbing your stomach at the same time), but it is not enough to take away from this journey.  Immediately jumps into the top of the ""video games as art"" conversation.  Play it now."
,Recommended,225080,9132066,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,AlphaDiode ©,"Fantastic little adventure indie gem. Not one word is spoken the entire game (the characters just speak kind of like the sims and they don't say much). Yet it manages to tell a powerful and emotional story through music, character expressions, body language, cutscenes and sound effects in a way that's truly unique. It's short, I finished it in a little over three hours but that didn't detract from enjoying the playthrough. It's definitely worth getting on sale. A 360 gamepad or controller is required so skip it if you don't have one. But I'd say buying a cheap generic controller just to play this game would be well worth it and would open up other titles to play that use a gamepad."
,Recommended,225080,16905079,"Posted: 5 July, 2015",all,Negan,"Two brothers sent out on a task to save thier father. Though tragedy strikes, One rises to the ocassion. An absolutely marvelous game from start to finish. Graphics, artistic views and scenery are very detailed. Gameplay is great. Achievements are a little tricky but they can all be attained. Once you complete the game you can always go back and finish any achievement by selecting any chapter. As far as contollers I played with keyboard and 360 contol pad either one gave me no problems for some players it might but overall its very much worth the gameplay. 9/10."
,Recommended,225080,30401707,Posted: 8 March,all,-DI- Wizz,"One of my favorite games of all-time. The story may be short but it is visually rewarding, the gameplay is simple but very pleasant.The whole game is a piece of art"
76561198005674710,Recommended,225080,28532261,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Barszcz,"Pros:+ innovative gameplay+ touching story+ perfect music+ well designed+ not too hardCons:- some minor issues if you play with the keyboard (slow crank for the elevator, problems with saw), but you can easily deal with it (try to reconfigure the controls for the younger brother to the numpad)"
76561198062301817,Recommended,225080,32035212,Posted: 28 May,all,Rhythm Raph,"Perfect if you like games with the same vibe as Journey, Ico and the likes. Controlling each brother with a joystick may be confusing at first, but it quickly becomes a second nature. It's a refreshing game mechanic, and it leads to original and sometimes challenging puzzles.I found myself often impressed by the landscape, and would stop playing to contemplate my surroundings, a thing that I rarely do in games.I love the fact that the game conveys as little information as possible, be it the rules or the narrative. It tells you briefly the controls, and you have to figure out yourself what you can and can't do (other games can't do it as easily since they have more complicated controls, whereas in Brothers, you only have two joysticks and two buttons, but the simplicity of controls doesn't stop some games from over-explaining things to the player). The narrative is as simple as it can be, with no intelligible dialogues and a pretty straightforward quest, but it still manages to make you live memorable moments, to give a lasting impression and to have one of the most touching ending in a video game."
76561197981542306,Recommended,225080,8746524,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Falken,"I don't review games very often but I feel very strongly about this game. It's just something else. This game is nothing more or nothing less! Its just the right amount!This game is indeed short but what Starbreeze has managed to do with its 3-4 hours of playtime is incredible! I would rather spend 4 hours on something as beautiful and well put together as this than 20 hours of another mainstream game with nothing to show for it, when you finish it.- There isn't a single person I wouldn't recommend this game to. YOU NEED TO PLAY THIS!A real gem for sure!"
,Recommended,225080,8380119,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Vlad,"A rare gem of a game based on a modest concept that is executed flawlessly. It doesn't try to appeal to everyone and is better for it. Its main strength is its highly emotional story which is hard to talk about without spoiling anything. I can only say that it managed to surprise me more than once. It's about 3 hours long which might seem short on paper but you won't be bored for a single minute and the impact it makes will stay with you a great deal longer. It's designed to be played as a ""single player co-op game"" but I played it with my younger brother for an extra layer of immersion and we both had a wonderful time throughout. The game doesn't actually ""need"" a controller to work but using a keyboard is a bad idea as it takes away much of the gameplay value. I had to use an emulator to get my old controller to work with the game but it was well worth the trouble. All in all I'd say it's more than worth the price and the 3 hours of your life as it will most likely enchant your whole evening like it did mine."
,Recommended,225080,10829918,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Baby Spice,"In first hour of gameplay, I've thrown a little girls ball down the well, got my petty revenge on ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ who made my life difficult, stole not one, but two sheeps and made friends with a benevolent troll.Brothers: A Tale of Two Sons combines a brillianty crafted, surprisingly interactive world, with charming, sympathetic characters and emotional storyline. It's short and very linear, but it's also airtight, perfectly paced and not a moment of it feels superfluous. While platforming is easy and puzzle soultions are almost always very obvious, main challenge comes from mastering games unique dual-control gameplay (you control one brother with each analog stick and that's why GAMEPAD IS A MUST). To me it was relatively easy but some less patient players may be discouraged from properly enjoying it. However, that would be to their own detriment, because despite it's shortness (and subsequently relatively high price) it provides a unique experience and narrative (reactions and dialogue are communicated exclusively through mime and vocal inflections) which should be experienced and appreciated by anyone who loves puzzle-adventures or just wants a well-crafted, story driven game."
,Recommended,225080,8483673,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Praxis-[CE],"This was probably one of the best games I've ever played in all my years of gaming. Great story, amazing graphics, beautiful music, and very rewarding to play. Although people have found ways to make it work without one, you will definitely need a controller to get the full experience (preferably one with feedback/vibration turned on and also 2 analog sticks, I used an Xbox 360 controller).It's a very short game and probably doesn't have a lot of replay value (though I personally may want to play through it again and again every so often, the way you go back and read a book you really love every few years), but it's an experience that I think will stay with you long after you finish playing.At first, I thought the controls were going to be awkward, but the interface is so simple and the story is so compelling that you really do get lost in the game and the controls feel very natural. The puzzles are intuitive and not too difficult, and unlike a lot of games I never found myself frustrated because something was too hard or I couldn't figure out what the next step was. I also never felt like the puzzles were too repetitive (even though some elements do repeat) because the environment keeps changing enough to keep things interesting.Overall this game was a pleasure to play and very very satisfying. If you're on the fence about buying it, don't hesitate. It's a beautiful gaming experience that shouldn't be missed."
,Recommended,225080,34356115,Posted: 19 August,all,桃味,"Warning: do not be fooled by its beautiful graphics, this game has a dark story.When I was half way through the game I thought the developers must have been a bunch of antisocial psychopaths. It was only after I had completed it did I change my opinion.This a game about love, courage, growing up and moving on.According to World Health Organisation, the global average life span in 2015 was 71.4 years.The idea of we living too long unnerves me sometimes. Throughout that 71.4 years we have, we meet too many people, we develop too many relationships, we become especially fond of some of them, and we lose them in the end.It could never be easy, losing someone you once held dear, or parting ways with someone for whom you still care.And that is why the ending of this game got me so much.I am still afraid, but I, too, will learn to be courageous.They must set out upon a journey to find and bring back the ""Water of Life"" as they come to rely on one another to survive. One must be strong where the other is weak, brave where the other is fearful, they must be... Brothers.I’ll be braver than before, since you are no longer here for me to rely on."
,Recommended,225080,8679305,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Senno,"Brothers: A Tale of Two Sons opens and closes with death. It’s a game about death. But it isn’t a game about killing. What is between the opening and closing scenes is a dark fairytale world full of mature themes, and the bond of two siblings as they struggle valiantly on a quest to save their withering father. A beautiful and melancholic journey awaits you, and a deep emotional investment will be required. And though brief, this attractive storybook adventure is as dreamlike as it is affecting.Brothers’ appeal lies in what it doesn’t tell you. Cutscenes are used sparingly, with the world itself providing the emotional pull and story. For instance, while I was using the twin-control scheme to explore a town, I was able to steal a ball and throw it down a well, leaving a small girl in tears. The imaginary language used by the characters is universally bolstered by wonderful body language, and the affection and fears that each brother holds for the other.The twin-control scheme is key to the game’s identity. It’s a somewhat clumsy control system, with each brother being assigned to a control stick and a shoulder button. However, Brothers’ generally requires the input of both characters, both to work together and independently, to pass obstacles. It’s a key identifying feature for the game and one that has been cleverly exploited.The obstacles are generally rather easy, and there is only a small amount of room to experiment, with generally one rather obvious solution. The challenge comes in actually performing the actions necessary to pass. As you control both brothers at the same time, and often you need to split them up to do individual tasks, some of which can be timed, it can occasionally feel like trying to pat your head and rub your belly at once. Something that for most of us, we are certainly capable, but it does require a different type of input than we would normally use.And these siblings will certainly have you wringing your hands. Sometimes over the controls, but mostly over their relationship with each other, and in turn, your relationship with them. The epic undertaking they’re on will have them trek over snow-capped mountains, across frozen lakes and an ancient giant’s battlefield – it’s a wonderfully realised world without exposition – it exists and feels real. The settings are as varied as the tasks required of the brothers, and the emotional pull of the game will have you powering on to see what happens next. This is not a game to be played in short stretches, and at just over 3 hours in my playthrough, I completed it in just two sittings.The dark undercurrent of death in this world is never confrontational, it seeps into every pore of the game, and can even be missed. Shortly after leaving a small village, I passed a man attempting to hang himself. Using one brother to prop him up, and another to cut the rope, I left him sitting beneath the tree to sob like a man who had nothing left. Further ahead I found a burnt out homestead, and with the brothers working in tandem, I was able to retrieve a small music-box which seemed to help the man. This sentimental scene is one of many throughout Brothers’ that outright dealt with death in a mature and intelligent fashion, an unusual but fascinating design decision by the developers.I suppose you could say that the true aim of Brothers’ is to make us feel. Of course, there is the adventure, and the smartly designed environmental obstacles, but this is a game where touch isn’t just an afterthought, and death has some permanence, and has some resonance. And while it’s brief, Brothers’ doesn’t outstay it’s welcome, and provides an ambitious, emotionally affecting adventure that while short, is very sweet. Memorable.8.5/10."
76561198027092906,Recommended,225080,23207615,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,Adabaskar,Thank you
76561198086758882,Recommended,225080,23860245,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Zappieroth132,Brothers - A Tale of Two Sons.A short but absolutly breathtaking game!Unique in it's kind both Graphics Story AND Gameplay.It is very simple THIS IS A MUST PLAY.As many have said before play it in one session.... Perhaps with a break.No regrets on this purchase this is a ONE OF A KIND experience!
76561198096710818,Recommended,225080,28169249,"Posted: 3 December, 2016",all,LittleNyu,"Love the graffics, love the music, love the story LOVE LOVE LOVE IT!!!!I finnished the game within 4 hours (so its not a long game), but WOW it was really good.If u love emotional stories, you should totally buy this!"
,Recommended,225080,32877396,Posted: 27 June,all,Pentegal,"Memorable. Short, no replayability but you won't forget your experience. Takes a short time to get used to the controls but well worth it when you do."
,Recommended,225080,16623229,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Uncle Clau,"Man, where to begin with this one...Story:Two brothers, Naiee and Naia, lost their mother to the sea.Now their father is ill, and according to a local doctor the only thing that can cure him is some healing water far away.In short, the story won't woah you at all, but it's simple enough to get you engaged.Dialog:There is none, you'll either dislike that or you won't mind it. Personally I don't see a reason to complain about it, infact it honestly goes well with this game.Graphics:The visuals and artstyle is definitely one of this game's strongest points, every location you go to throughout this adventure is so beautifully crafted and diverse.Gameplay:I like to compare this game with Prince of Persia but without attacking and you control two characters instead of just one.You control the 2 brothers with your analog sticks, one for each brother.Each brother also uses the triggers for actions in the game, again one for each.This might catch you offguard at first, but you'll get use to it with time and it allows for very interesting puzzle solving.Final note:One thing I would like to mention is that this game is quite short, shorter than what I would like. There is so much potential to have this adventure expand even more in between, but at least it never felt repetitive as it is.Anyways, definitely a Must Buy. Beautiful visuals, engaging gameplay and a lasting impact."
,Recommended,225080,8647432,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,sayler_,"An amazing adventure and one of the best ports i've ever had the chanse to try! I dont have enough words to describe how great this game is, starting with its touching story and continuing with the gorgeous visual effects, stunning gameplay, innovative controlling, fantastic soundtrack, and last of all - the amazing opportunity to experience the best co-op of your life in single player mode. Brothers - A Tale of Two Sons is magnificent! A piece of art that should not miss from any gamer's library!"
,Recommended,225080,8041158,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Maeron Nassor,"This game is beautiful. That goes for the graphics as well for the music and sound. You play as two brothers searching for a special cure for their father. Controlling the two brothers in the begining might a little bit difficult , but you'll get used to it after a while, don't worry. This game has simple yet enjoyable  puzzles, all the characters speak in a language like the sims, but you understand them from the body language and their facial expressions. Without a doubt this game will make you smile, laugh, amazed, and cry. At least when I was done playing through this game I had to punch a wall to feel manly again. It's a short but wonderfull experience, and one you shall not soon forget."
,Recommended,225080,15005476,"Posted: 22 March, 2015",all,Aleonymous,"Brothers is a story-driven action/3D-platformer adventure. You guide two sons across a dark fairy-tale realm, in search of a magical ingredient that will save their widowed father from an illness.- Gameplay is what makes this game unique: You control both brothers with a single gamepad (highly recommended), using the analogue sticks to move the brothers and one button to interact with the world. That's all! You'll need to synchronize the brothers' actions and use each ones advantages to move across the story. You can also play co-op, e.g. one player on keyboard and the other on gamepad. The puzzles are usually pretty simple to figure out, but some can be a bit hard to pull off. But, don't worry, the game autosaves frequently, so you can die as much you want. Finally, note that there's no text in this game, neither written nor spoken: there's some made-up language heard, but you'll only have visual clues about what to do next.- Story is linear, simple but beautiful. The world-theme might seem like a fairy tale, but be warned that there's a lot of mature content in the game. Tears came to my eyes several times, but there was also a few laughs :) Note that the game is a bit short, i.e. it takes 3-5hrs to complete it. I did a second playthrough to get the achievements, which were usually small branches off the main story, that you might not notice.- Visuals are FANTASTIC; Unreal Engine at its best. Can't really describe this, so you'll just have dive into the story and get blown away! The world is magnificent and varying, in the ~8 chapters of the story. The camera-rotation is smooth but might be annoying to some.- Audio is fine in overall. The music is beautiful, but not omni-present in the game; I think it could do with more music. As I said, there's some made-up language used in the game, which might annoy you at times: The brothers have a tendency to call out to one-another when they're separated!I highly recommend this game to lovers of action-adventures, with a sensitive vein.EDIT -- The controls worked right, with the exception of one (non game-breaking) glitch: Sometimes the big brother would interact with the world (thus re-starting small cut-scenes) when I moved both brothers in tight spaces with the analog sticks. This was most likely due to me using x360ce emulator to make my PS-styled gamepad compatible with the game."
,Recommended,225080,13281534,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Idiotech,"This is the first time that a games controls have made me feel something. It is visually stunning, the music is excellent and the gameplay is satisfying. Buy it."
,Recommended,225080,13023499,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,Crowbar-Man Saiyajin,This Game makes me Cry even though i can't understand a single Language in this game. 10/10 would develop again
,Recommended,225080,16412167,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Liri,This game made me call up my brother and hug him.
76561198051105224,Recommended,225080,10846166,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,imbajoe,"A short game that will live long in the memory , astonishing ending to a great game ,  a true  must-play !  10/10"
,Recommended,225080,13822593,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Arcana Maze,"First of all, if you want to play this I recommend getting an xbox controller. Playing with a keyboard will only be conplicated and you won't get the 'amazing' experience as you will with a controller.Brothers is a rich and amazing story about two brothers going out on an adventure to save their sick father. On their way they make meet many hindrances, big and small, all tiny puzzles for you to figure out.The game is fairly easy, but a few scenes in the game can be quite graphic and brutal for younger players.Getting the hang of controlling the brothers can also be a bit tricky if you're not used to multitasking, as you will have to control two things at once, up to several occations.It is also fairly short, it took me about 3 hours to complete the story and under 1 hour to get all the achievements and ""secrets"" I had missed.All in all it is a game worth playing! For me a real tear jerker that I am happy to say I've completed.If you are a sucker for casual, but story rich games, you should definitely pick it up!"
,Recommended,225080,10855583,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,AbyssalSoul,"Another, hopefully, short affair, this time filled with FEELS in the vein of the To The Moons and Icos of this world. Excellent graphics courtesy of Unreal Engine, which also means it runs full 60fps at 1080p without hiccups.A pleasant experience indeed, tailored almost exactly for those whose backlog is hopelessly big: it gives you the illusion you can actually go through the backlog!Heavily recommended although the dual control of the bros takes a bit to get used to and by the time you DO get used to it, the whole thing is finished."
,Recommended,225080,27769712,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,ajharvey,Really amazing game.New concept with the two controllers.Nice graphics.Engaging characters and story.Definately need a controller to play to get the full experience.
,Recommended,225080,8381758,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Jonny_Condor,"This is one of my favorite games of all time.  It took me about 2hrs to complete but in that short space of time i felt so engrossed in it.  Never before have i felt what the character in a game would be feeling at that moment, whether that be the the fear of the younger brother entering water or the protectiveness of the older brother ferrying him across or the sheer glee of riding a billy goat across a mountain.  Couple that with a unique and highly enjoyable puzzle platforming experience and you would have to be mad not to buy this game!A controller is needed to play this game but if you have one you have no excuse."
,Recommended,225080,11026022,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,lu.,"Brothers - A Tale of Two Sons is one of the best examples of a small game with big heart. It looks beautiful and plays surprisingly fun, thanks to the unprecedented control scheme that immerse us to simple yet entertaining platforming and puzzle mechanics, and some engraving sequences along the way.More importantly it is an impressive and unforgettable journey. A journey about being a child, a journey about love and loss, a journey about courage, making sacrifices, saving turtles, loving all animals, a journey about witnessing violence and deception... and in the end it's a journey about growing up.A definite must-play!*Last update is just for Steam Awards.*"
,Not Recommended,225080,32475081,Posted: 16 June,all,Daniel Potter,"This is a contreversial opinion, but i don't like this game. I tried to like. I replayed it again, just to see if my opinion would change.Before you start saying that i have no heart, i have played games like walking dead, life is strange, valiant hearts. Have cried on all of them, but in this game - nothing.The game is only 2 hours long. I think in that short time, it just fails to establish a connection between the player and the characters. The characters themselves speak only in gibberish, and because of that they never really engage in lengthy conversations, mostly it's body language. Finally, i think the music is just not good enough, which is very important if you want the audience to cry.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=i8HePfa7WYsThat said, the game has its pros, and it's the exposition. Throughout the game, the levels vary from one another (theme wise), and they are very detailed. I would say that the level designer and everything who worked on the artwork deserve an A++.But the game is essentially a walking simulator. All you can is really admire the surroundings. The controls i didn't like very much. First of all, you definately must use a controller. The controls are left stick and trigger for one brother, right stick and trigger for the second one. The problem is that whenever you want to use something, you have to hold the trigger. So, say when you are climbing, you have to hold down the trigger (else you will let go and fall). Thing is, in this game, it requires you to hold the trigger way too much throughout the 2 hours, so you really start feeling frustrated.The game is neither a good movie, or a game. I am sorry, but it's overhyped."
,Recommended,225080,16487571,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,✪RecoMario,*arabic review*بسم الله الرحمن الرحيماللعبه جميله صراحه رغم انها قصيره خلصتها في 4 ساعات تقريبا ولذلك انصح اللي ناوي يشتريها يشتريها الحين سعرها 3 دولار افضل من يشتريها ب15 دولارالايجابيات :1\ القصه رائعه وتدخلك في جوال الحزن رغم انه مافي كلام بين الشخصيات يعني بالعربي يتكلمون لغه غريبه2\الرسوم رائعهالسلبيات :1\ التحكم بالكيبورد صعب جدا لذلك انصح انك تلعب بكنترولر مع ان حتى الكنترولر صعب لكن ممكن تتعود عليه2\ الكاميرا غثيثه وتنرفزك احياناتقييمي النهائي لها9.5 \ 10
76561197995381979,Recommended,225080,15274203,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Billy_Brightside,"What doesBrothers: A Tale of Two Sonshave in common withUnreal Tournament,Killing Floor,America’s Army, andBrothers in Arms :Road to Hill 30? Good question being all of the latter are blood filled death fueled first person shooters. Answer :They all use Epic’sUnrealengine. And this threw me for a loop. Being used to playing violent shooters,Brothers: A Tale of Two Sonsgrasped me like any game in recent memory rarely has and captivated me for all of its four and a half hour story. It was like coming from a crash diet ofBawlzorMountain Dew Amp, and switching to herbal tea.The game concerns a simple story of two sons attempting to find a magic serum to heal their dying father. They meet with misadventure along the way, but never fail to stay the course. Told entirely through exposition (there is no discernable dialogue in the game whatsover) the player uses a gaming controller to control the actions of the two boys. One stick represents the taller and stronger brother who is able to assist his younger smaller brother into high places, and the other stick represents the smaller brother who is able to squeeze into tighter spaces to press levers, open gates, etc. to allow his older brother entry. A charming little tutorial starts the show and gently eases the player into the game mechanics. Don’t worry, it’s far easier than it sounds.I never had to access a walk through, and I only got stuck one time. I took a breath and reapproached the problem and then it came to me. I did die twenty-two times, but not once did I feel the game cheated. Death was usually a lesson learned.And strangely even though I died several times it was a relatively easy game to get through. The story is definitely the thing. Speaking of story, it unfurled before me and captivated me like watchingLabyrinth, orThe Adventures of Baron Munchausen, or the obscure,The Company of Wolves. These are wonderful fantasy movies I saw in theaters years ago and remember never wanting them to end. This game isn’t a deep game, which isn’t a surprise considering its short playtime. It does, however, exude a wonderful ambience which is augmented by a beautiful soundtrack. If you’re a fan ofStars of the LidorSigur Rosyou’ll find the soundtrack as splended as I did. At the story’s end I found myself a victim of my own emotions. I find it great that a computer game can make me feel that way. I want to revisit this place especially since it left me painfully pining for more background, lore and history of the wonderful place that could only exist in literature or art. This game is truly a testament to the old maxim, less is more."
76561198073700565,Recommended,225080,28635834,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Regilkent,"AMAZING GAME!The music was awesome, the scenery was awesome, the gameplay was fun and great, but the best feature of this game would be its story! Honestly sayingThis game could make a man cry!"
,Recommended,225080,19848007,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Dr. Mircow,"Brothers - A Tale of Two Sons is a third-person linear co-op game and inspired by games such as Ico and Shadow of the Colossus due to their similarities in gameplay and aesthetics.The premise of the game is following two brothers, Naie (eldest) and Naiee (youngest), through their journey across different lands searching for a magical tree which has the cure that can save their dying father. Being a very narratively driven game, revealing any details about the story would ruin much of the game’s charm since that is its main driving force.The game plays exactly like a co-op puzzle-platformer where you control the two brothers through their journey. Throughout the game, using a controller is strongly recommended as playing it on keyboard, whilst still doable, can result in some awkward coordination between the two controllable protagonists when they start bumping into each other or objects like two drunks. The actual gameplay itself is satisfying due to the nice blend of “puzzles” requiring both brothers’ participation throughout most of the game. The difficulty of these “puzzles” may eventually feel disappointing after a while as they do not provide any concrete challenge to the player(s) (hence the inverted commas), although that might have been deliberate for the integrity of the game’s pace. Brothers - A Tale of Two Sons is, indeed, one of those games where the difficulty requires being at a minimum for the narrative to be at full throttle. Remember, no one wants to get constantly stuck solving complex puzzles in a narratively-driven game as it subsequently ruins the game’s pace.However, where it lacks in challenging puzzles or even perhaps rewarding gameplay, it compensates for its narrative which in actual fact is the heart of this game. The journey, albeit disappointedly short, transports you in a world where you believe you are in a place like Middle-Earth; travelling through various mesmerising landscapes on your quest for the cure while the suiting soundtrack plays in the background. All of its narrative is achieved rather through visuals and gestures as there is not any comprehendible dialogue in the entire game. That in itself is commendable as not many games can pull it off as successfully as Brothers - A Tale of Two Sons does. Frankly, each gesture or visual representation is easily and surprisingly understandable. Besides all that, the game also offers in its storytelling a handful of moments of happiness, laughter, seriousness and sadness without feeling schizophrenic with its mood shifts. The game‘s narrative can have some amazing set-pieces, but also a couple of clumsy ones.And that is as much as Brothers - A Tale of Two Sons can offer to players. On top of its colourful charm, or even some of its darker undertones, there are two main complains I personally had with this game in my first playthrough which ultimately felt detrimental to an extent towards my overall enjoyment. On a technical level, I encountered three game-breaking bugs which would not allow me to continue to the next area. Whilst two of them were solved by looking up online forums, the latter required restarting two prior chapters since simply restarting the current one was not sufficient to solve the problem. As of now, I still have no idea how those bugs triggered when it seems that the majority of people never even encountered them in the first place. Still, having to restart two complete chapters is bothersome. Then lastly, the ending. I will honestly be one of those in the minority who was not totally satisfied with the story’s conclusion nor did it have an impact on me. Even as I wish to critically evaluate it in this review, I cannot do that without simply spoiling it. But I will say this: I understood what they tried to achieve with the coming of age approach, but reflecting back through the entire journey, the writing at this point was sloppy and felt more of a cop out in the end to me. It also made me realise how Naie was not fleshed out as a character as much as his younger brother, Naiee, making a certain event not as effective as the developers would have hoped for, to me at least. Perhaps that is because the story might have been moving a bit too fast for things to fully develop.Conclusively, Brothers - A Tale of Two Sons is one those video games where you delve in exclusively for the storytelling experience. Nothing more, nothing less.  Without even sounding remotely pretentious, It is hardly the “masterpiece” everyone clams it to be, although it will definitely, and respectfully, leave a lasting impression for many people regardless, especially for youngsters. But not for everyone. Mechanically, it has a solid co-op experience with extremely easy puzzles to solve and backed up by artistically appealing sceneries, a fitting soundtrack and a simple, yet immersive, narrative despite a few clumsy set-pieces and a somewhat unsatisfying ending. At full price, however, I would definitely not recommend this due to its short length (2-3 hours at most) and limited replayability as there is not much reason to revisit it anytime soon now that you know how the story wraps up. Conversely, considering it always goes as low as £1 during virtually any Steam sales, there is absolutely no excuse not to try this, and that is why I am recommending it in the end. Despite some of its flaws, I truly had fun playing it and thought it managed to do what it was aiming for mostly pretty well, even if I will probably not reflect too much upon it in the near future."
,Recommended,225080,13063103,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Valassi,A very short & bittersweet game that is full of heart and touching moments despite the fact that the language is intentionally made-up gibberish but the beauty of it all is that you can still understand what's going on without knowing what's being said. It is also one of the saddest games I've ever played.During the 3 or so hours that it will take you to complete the game you'll trek across picturesque landscapes filled with wonder and danger as you solve simple yet clever puzzles by controlling both brothers (use of a gamepad is strongly recommended). You'll also encounter a lonely and sad troll-like being who helps you navigate the environment and whom in turn you help by rescuing his captured mate. At another point you can stop a heartbroken man from commiting suicide and help him to come to terms with the death of his loved ones. It's no wonder that the game won Best Xbox Game at the VGX 2013 awards :)9/10
,Recommended,225080,10959721,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Vegas,"A simple masterpiece.Well, this game has been on my radar for quite some time and i decided to purchase it in the summer sale. Job well done , me.x Graphics are stunning.x Story is simple yet elegant.x Voice acting is non-existant which makes this game so different than others and when interacting with other characters in the game and performing a strange task , it makes you think why and you end up with a billion answers.x Controller needed , because you control 1 brother with the left stick and the other with the right stick.x The two sons 's bond is strongly noticed.x Puzzles are easy - tricky - oh that's what i'm supposed to do? - now that's plain awesome - how did they think that?x Devs are praized every 10 minutes.x Just buy it . It's on sale right now !!![ DeathEagle Approves ]"
,Recommended,225080,23207997,"Posted: 25 May, 2016",all,JAX,"You can either watch cartoon on TV or play this game, but this game will show you exactly how much of a bad idea it is to bring a girl with you on an adventure, and it will get you right in the feels.This game is very simple in all aspects, simple gameplay mechanism, simple adventure and simple puzzles to solve, but it has a strong story and really amazing visuals and It's short so just try it out and see for yourself."
,Recommended,225080,23678339,"Posted: 20 June, 2016",all,storebeast,"A fantastic novella-length adventure game, in which the clever gameplay is ultimately just a question of unfolding the story rather than an end in itself. I often dislike games of the scripted, on-rails type, but this one is perfectly paced and uniquely immersive. It lacks the courage and follow-through of what I assume must be its inspiration in Lindgren's ""Brothers Lionheart"", and because it is mute it is more abstract and like a fable, but as far as narratives in games go, this is 10/10."
,Recommended,225080,22557146,"Posted: 21 April, 2016",all,The Destroyer,Dramatically Journey...Mostly it's very good and sad story.One of the best atmospheric puzzle game!
,Recommended,225080,26363010,"Posted: 1 November, 2016",all,Sir Shelfu,"This game is incredible.It is beautiful.It is heartbreaking.The mechanics are awesome. It's difficult sometimes, but very cool.The art is beautiful and the story is pretty good.I would definitely give this an 8/10Well done developers :)I loved it!"
76561198024315047,Recommended,225080,30741485,Posted: 25 March,all,Bill the Galactic Hero,"I bought it on sale for $3.39. Definitely worth it. I went through it slowly and I lost a lot of time when I had to restart a chapter due to a glitch. There is probably only really about 4 hours of gameplay. Still, I think I'd have felt satisfied if I had paid full price.The mechanic of playing two characters simultaneously is something new and fun. The puzzles are never too hard and you're not likely to require a walkthrough. It's really pretty. It manages to create a real sense of attachement to the characters as they go through so much to try to save their father.Be warned, however, that it is VERY linear. It is not a wide-open world for you to explore, it is a story for you to play through but there is really one way to play this game. If you can't enjoy that, even with great visuals and storytelling, buy another game.Spoiler Do not read this if you intend to play the game No, really, really don't. It's for people like me, who have finished the game:When big brother dies and you have to use the controller to controll just little brother for the first time since the beginning of the the game, it's really emotionally affecting. Suddenly playing with just one character now seems as odd as playing with two did at the beginning. That emptiness of somebody who should be there and who isn't is the closest I have ever felt to having a loved one die that didn't actually involve having a loved one die (yes, speaking from experience). Not for everyone, I guess, but a game that does something I've never seen before and made me feel something I didn't think a game could."
76561198079629157,Recommended,225080,33939375,Posted: 31 July,all,Demi Divine,"short but quite amazing. With no dialogue, they still somehow tell the stroy with great passion. Maybe regular price is too expensive. Pick up on a sale and you wont be disappointed by this memorable little gem"
76561198070572838,Recommended,225080,30039450,Posted: 19 February,all,OliverBaillie,"This is one of the best games i have ever played, simply beautiful"
76561198033791548,Recommended,225080,30176432,Posted: 25 February,all,Belserden,"What an outstanding game, it only took me three hours to finish but I was completely enraptured with it.I can happily say I got more enjoyment out of those three hours of content then I have in the past spending 50+ hours on a game.Cannot recommend enough."
,Recommended,225080,8431785,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,LemonCurry42,"Magnificent & lovely game. Just ignore the ""requires a controller to play"" notice... it is even better when you play it as co-op with somebody (on one keyboard!). As for me... I've  played it together with my younger brother and it was (for both) the most overwhelming gaming experience in last few years..."
,Recommended,225080,32341708,Posted: 11 June,all,Bassam,"Has to be one of my favourite experiences in gaming. Outside of some clunky controls, everything about the game felt impeccable for me, and the soundtrack was so good I just had to purchase it."
,Recommended,225080,9566369,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,DonGurke,Such a beautiful game cannot be described with words. A must buy.
,Recommended,225080,14257203,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,@MeduMegu | Si Kere,"I played this game with my friend (because I have one).We struggle together till the end and speechless with the ending.Although I have expected the outcome while progressing though, damn all this fantasy/fiction books that I have read.I can say this game is really indeed beautiful, worth every penny spend.Indeed it contain numerous bugs but the bug doesn't bother the game progress and I make fun of it.Try it on guys, this is one of a kind and a masterpiece."
76561198364054303,Recommended,225080,30641388,Posted: 20 March,all,Vanrath,The game that taught me totrust no hoe.10/10
,Recommended,225080,10762377,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Crumb,This is a simple game that uses unique controller configuration to tell a story worth paying attention to.  Can easily be beat in one sitting - which makes it feel like a longish interactive film. Very cool.
,Recommended,225080,14385727,"Posted: 8 February, 2015",all,Panzeros,"Let me start off by saying, don't expect much from this game. I feel like it is a game that could be victim to overhype.I went in merely with the intention of clearing some dreaded Steam backlog and hadn't seen anything about the game in over a year, forgetting how nice the screenshots looked.Therefore, going in with no expectations whatsoever, I came away having played one of, if not my favourite, game of all time.This game gets better and better as it goes on, so don't expect to be blown away from the start. It is the grand sense that I really had been on an adventure that was left with me at the end, and being 3-4 hours long it feels like I had taken part in an interactive movie (having played it in one sitting).But it is definitely a game, and the gameplay was just the right amount of fun. A lot of clever design choices means the game continually flows, adding to that sense of adventure. The puzzles aren't particularly difficult, but never did I feel like I was having my intelligence insulted either.  There were times when I anticpated having to do something again, or something similar to what I had just done and had a feeling of tedium, only to be pleasantly surprised that the developers recognised that, and changed it up completely.  I wish more developers would recognise that a game doesn't have to be long and filled with fluff to make it good. Three hours of quality is plenty for someone with limited time to play games.The story isn't complex but it will leave an impression on most people. And how they go about conveying that story was also a clever touch. The game has no understandable dialogue, using only an invented language with no subtitles to get it's message across and I'm surprised at how well it does this when, in my opinion, the character models are the worst part of the game. They look out of place against the fantastic backdrops that make you stop and sit on a bench to look at the vistas, even when you were planning on rushing through a game to get it off your checklist. So at first, I wasn't struck. However, despite this, the sense of emotion you get from the characters is really rather deep and by the end you're completely invested. Most of the game is spent in third person and you won't be up close enough to see the poor character details anyway.The other thing most people will comment on are the controls. You control both brothers, from different sides of the keyboard and I can see why a lot of people will mark them down negatively. It is often difficult to get them both running in merely a straight line. I argue though that the controls are perfect for the type of game it is and add a layer of complexity to it that stops the game feeling too easy. Like I said, the puzzles aren't difficult at all, but the controls make you have to think about what you're doing, and I have to say, the times when you simultaneously have both brothers doing something complex, or even just running down a path and crossing over each other and turning at slightly different times, but doing so accurately, feels really good.There are a few negative points to the game, a couple of which rear their head almost straight away. As mentioned, the character details aren't great. Then, you come to the first puzzle.  You have to raise a platform, and it's immensely tedious, especially if you let go, and you have to start again. This platform raising happens once more in the game, and if  anything is even more tedious. Maybe I did it wrong. But it's over in a couple of minutes and overall doesn't affect the game. Lastly, texture glitches. In two cutscenes, some textures didn't load. It was only a rug and a chest of drawers, so not game breaking, but noticable. Also in one part, a shadow didn't load that was part of the mechanics of the situation, and I died. I didn't realise why until I started again and saw the shadow now loaded.Overall, I can't believe I had this game sitting in my library for so long being unappreciated. I also feel bad for spending so little on it. I can't quite remember what I paid, but it probably wasn't enough.Play this game, don't expect much and you're sure to have a good time."
,Recommended,225080,10964116,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,KBop a doo,"One of those games that you may find yourself finishing in one sitting (I did). I was so uncoordinated in controlling both brothers at once, but once I had the hang of it, it was a joy to play through. The puzzles are engaging, but not stumpers. Beautiful and surprisingly dark.  Dig this one out of your backlog as soon as you can. The game is under 4 hours and you won't regret a moment of the experience."
,Recommended,225080,11055755,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Toxic League,"Brother - A Tale of Two Sons reminds me of Papo & Yo in that the short story is both moving and powerful. The game showcases a unique 2 character control element that I haven't experienced in a single player game before. It takes a little getting used to, but it ends up working pretty well after a little practice. The visuals and camera work are both pretty amazing with some areas being absolutely breathtaking. The journey of Brothers is quite a remarkable and memorable experience and definitely gets a nod of approval from me."
,Recommended,225080,30514430,Posted: 14 March,all,AWSHOM,"I can't really explain it, but it's really worth to experience this game.It has an awesome combination of mechanics and powerful storytelling.An incredible, unique adventure."
76561197995904809,Recommended,225080,27747549,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,ⱮɆⱤLiṈ,"This is a really enjoyable game and worth a few hours of your time and certainly the $3.00 sale price! This game give the player a nice plot and elegant stroyline. In my opinion it definitely deserves the “I'm Not Crying, There's Something In My Eye” Award during the current Thanksgiving Sale"
76561198031201473,Recommended,225080,34364631,Posted: 19 August,all,williwaggs,Holy crap this game is great. The story starts off as simple and childish and takes some deep dark turns. I played the whole thing in one sitting. Please dont pass on this game.
,Recommended,225080,20408880,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,'Raikkonen,"It isn't necessarily needed to have a controller to play it, you just need someone with you to play it.My sister and i are laughing our♥♥♥♥♥off playing this game as we don't understand the people are saying so we dub it ourselves haha.Good story, excellent graphics, very fun to play. What else can you ask for? Oh there's one thing, a game like this again. :D"
,Recommended,225080,8788577,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,Qaizher,"All I heard abouth Brothers - A Tale of Two Sons were, ""its a great game"", ""good storyline"", ""a must play game"" etc. But what they didn't tell you is that the story will rip your feelings to shreds. It'll bring you to the point of tears more than once with the story. You're happy for a minute then you're absolutely depressed the next.Starbreeze Studios and Josef Fares made a masterpiece of a game here. With excellent graphics, soundtrack, storyline, unique gameplay mechanics and all that it just feels so perfect.The controls for the two brothers is at first a tad confusing (I used PS3 controller) but the gameplay makes you master it with time.There's puzzles, platforming, wonderful/sad story, immersive world, great soundtrack, good game mechanics colorful characters to fall in love with plus you get to ride a Mountain Goat (awesome stuff for real). So be prepared to set some time free to play the game in one sitting to soak in its immersive world.I give this game 9/10 (-1 for bringing a grown♥♥♥♥♥adult on the verge of crying)PS: If Jess Mcdonell says a game is good, then it is good =P And also don't forget to ""color"" the left out bunnie black!"
,Recommended,225080,29510778,Posted: 26 January,all,Pesmerga,A beautiful experience.
,Recommended,225080,8525780,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Snoefrid,"This is without a doubt one of my favorite games, if not the best of them all. To begin with the story is beautiful and really well done. Without the risk of spoiling any of the story I can tell you it's about two sons who lives with their father who gets deadly sick one day and needs the special water from the Tree of Life far far away, that is your quest in this game, and that will lead to a lot of danger and big adventures.When I went out on the adventures as the two sons I first noticed how beautiful the graphic is, it's like running through paintings or fairytales and it reminds me a lot about Trine in that way, though with its on touch of course!  I also realised how big the world really felt like while playing even if it's a quite liniar game. Outside of the liniarity there is a lot you can choose to explore which can give various achievements that won't be achieved by doing the main story. The good thing about this is that it wont interrupt you on your quest. Speaking of the quest you will be doing alot of puzzle and who says no to a little challenge while playing, am I right? I know that people say it's a bad thing for this game being so short, but I must say I didn't really feel that way while playing, actually I got so absorbed in to the game that the time it took to finish it didn't really matter to me. This is what I can tell you, and with this I take my leave and say ""BUY THIS GAME!""./Sow"
76561198263427469,Recommended,225080,29745653,Posted: 6 February,all,Rurik,"Great game. I sure it is the best game i have played for last 3 years.First of all, there is a unique gameplay system. You control two character at simultaneously. It was a novel idea for me. I have enjoyed this much.Secondly, there is amazing graphics. I caught myself thinking that I just stand idly enjoying the stunning views of the game. It was really really wonderful.Thirdly, There is nice story with unusual creatures. I liked the plot twists with giants, cave trolls, invisible yeti, a huge owl, etc.Fourthly, there is awesome music. I have added soundtrack to my usual playlist.Fifthly, The game is short. I have passed this game for 3 hours. I think everybody can find such a small amount of time for this true gem.I recommend this game for everyone!I promise you unforgettable feelings!"
,Recommended,225080,15409304,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,EdenStarGazer,"An enchantingly lovely storyline that draws you into each scene can only be outdone by illustrations like those in this 4-way winner. Graphics, soundtrack, gameplay, and story are intertwined to provide a strong and unforgettable experience for the adult player, Without spoiling any of the scenes, it is emotion-rich in moments... the everyday moments 2 sons experience, which are usually relived year after year in their own memories, and the memories of those who were witnesses (such as Mothers of sons, like me.) This tale has moments that will surprise and delight you, as well as moments that will make you cry. Beyond all that feel-good stuff is the gameplay. Puzzles and platforming will keep you immersed in this other-world/ other time motif of minecarts and stone walkways until you find yourself at the end of the game with only regrets that it's over. This is my 2nd experience with Brothers, as I already complted it on the PS3 COnsole. I had to have it again on STEAM for the art experience. I hope trading cards are in the works. :)"
,Recommended,225080,10230020,"Posted: 25 May, 2014",all,🍒 Lilly (🌸◠‿◠),"This is by far the most amazing game I've ever played so far. The story is so heartmelting and it will definitely touch you even if you're a person that it's not easily impressed. The graphics are stunning, the music is beautiful, the gameplay is very straightforward and the whole playthrough is an unforgettable experience. I highly recommend this game to everyone, but it's best played with an Xbox controller instead of the keyboard.More reviews on theLilly's Corner Curator page"
,Recommended,225080,8438688,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,angrykenji,imagine playing a co-op game by yourself.
,Recommended,225080,23126483,"Posted: 21 May, 2016",all,laggikoN,"If there was ever a game to bring up in the ""games as art"" debate this would be it. Not because of its graphics or story (even tho both are great) but because of the way it uses interactivity to tell its story in a way that no other medium could have done.At its core Brothers is a puzzle game with a unique control scheme. You play as two brothers on a quest to find a cure for their sick dad and each brother is controlled using one of your analog sticks. This takes a little getting used to but once you get the hang of it you get to experience some really cool puzzles that are all based on the fact that you're controlling two characters at the same time.I can't write a review that comes even close to doing it justice so I'll just say that Brothers is one of my favorite games ever made. It's a complete masterpiece and a couple of moments in the game gave me shivers and almost brought me to tears. On the other hand I've seen playthroughs on youtube where the player doesn't have nearly the same reactions as I had to certain key points in the game, but yet they've all agreed that the game is amazing.Just go play the game for yourself. Worst case scenario you won't regret it and at its best it'll make you re-evaluate what can be done with videogames."
76561198030629945,Recommended,225080,8961406,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,Cicerone,"Gripping. Beautiful. Art.Never before has a video game so successfully and so emotionally employed the character-player interface to tell a story. Usually it's clunky. Disconcerting. Displacing. At its best it's described as being so smooth it's ignorable. Not here. The way the player drives the charactersisthe story.The visual elements, the dialogue (or lack thereof) , the elegant music, and above all, the controls combine flawlessly to generate emotion for and connection with the characters at a level rivaling the best movies and books.I'm so impressed with505's masterpiece that I defy any critic to playBrothersfrom beginning to end and not call it ""high art.""And the highest at that."
,Recommended,225080,11216327,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,Nicolaz,"Just finished the game. and i have to say even its short: Damn its good! Awesome story, Fun puzzles and they made movement really awesome with controller.8/10"
,Recommended,225080,33263054,Posted: 4 July,all,Emperor Solaris,beautifull game and really sad :'(
,Recommended,225080,8611794,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,`ƁĪƓƓǛǸŜ57＇,This was an epic journey of two brothers that set out to find the water of health for there ailing father .Many trials and puzzles as they journey far beyound there village.The game calls for a controller but can be played with a keyboard.I used 2 keyboards  using the w-s-a-d keys and space bar and my wife co-oping with me using the arrow keys and right control as the younger brother.Can be done with one keybpard trust me.A very dearing tale that has somewhat of a sad ending .I would recommend this game for its story and visual fantasy.Since it is a short story I would not buy unless it was on sale.I purchased it for $4.49 during the Steam Christmas holiday sale.
,Recommended,225080,8533448,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Red2k,"A fantastic story-driven adventure accompanied by some of the finest visuals and soundtrack of 2013. Controls can take a couple of minutes to get used to, but they are a very unique and important mechanic that even manages to enhance the story.I recommend that you make enough room in your spare time to finish this game in one sitting, most likely you'll have a hard time putting it down in the first place."
,Recommended,225080,18463886,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,educated_monkey,"A couple of times you get to play a game that can make you feel completely worn down, emotionally speaking. This game did that for me. It doesn't happen that often, although there are some great titles out there that are as worth it as this one.Let me start by saying that the puzzles are not that difficult, which could be a turn-off for the hardcore gamers, but the game-play (controlling both brothers at the same time), narritive, surroundings and the story itself make up for it and then some.The way the characters just speak in what seems a 'made-up' or 'children's language', which you can understand instantly, is one of those points I really liked. I think it made the story stronger then with actual words in a spoken language.The story is about two brothers (surprise!) that have to work together to get a potion for their father who is sick and on the brink of death. To get this potion they have to travel through forests, mountains and ice-covered seas to get to the 'Tree of life'. On this journey they get help from surprising figures and have to help each other across rivers, canyons and other obstacles.And if any of the players say they did not tear up or even cried big tears at the end... well, they might have lied. I know I cried. Big time. Not with actual sobbing and runny nose, but still... A story about sacrifice, perseverence, hardship and an ending like that... Yeah, that just hit me hard.Nominated for the ""I'm not crying, there is something in my eye"" award!"
,Recommended,225080,8173494,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Nix,Holy ♥♥♥♥ing♥♥♥♥♥♥ I don't care what you think. You will buy this game. You will finish this game and you will pm me afterwards. GOD DAMNITT
,Recommended,225080,8182376,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,SlowWolf,"One of the best examples of how game controls don't have to be an issue with story telling, but how to make controls an integral part of telling what would otherwise be a normal story, and make it something extraordinary. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,225080,8464148,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,bigwinnerx,"Brothers is really damn good. Very fairy tale kinda story, also not really a happy game. Fantastic scenery, very light puzzling, but, needs a controller.  Playable in a couple sittings, maybe 4 hours.  You'll be F12ing screen shots the whole game."
,Recommended,225080,13206699,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,GraphicX,Extremely clever control system.  Gorgeous environments & creatures.  Highly recommend.
76561198176422871,Recommended,225080,23181588,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,thisonenikitapaiplease,"This is goes into the list of ""Games that affected my outlook on life"". It has become one of those games who's example you would take to tell non-gamers how beautiful the world of gaming is.*Scroll down for a minor SPOILER (not a direct spoiler)*I WAS NOT READY FOR THE FEELS. (;_;)"
,Recommended,225080,23188475,"Posted: 24 May, 2016",all,Gus the Shark,This game is nothing short of a masterpiece. It's one of those experiences that will stick with you and leave you thinking. If you enjoy fantasy or storytelling this absolutely is a must play.
,Recommended,225080,29218116,Posted: 12 January,all,Izhaaq996,"Brothers - A tale of two SonsAn Amazing Game!Full of Mind Practicing mechanics. Controlling two players at once. An Astounding Journey full of challenges. It was great adventure for me playing this game. Soundtracks, Artworks, Environment and CharactersLovedall of it. I will give it9/10. That -1 point is for graphics."
,Recommended,225080,12663601,"Posted: 27 October, 2014",all,FEIX MAN,"A simple, yet brilliant approach at expressing the bond between two brothers through gameplay mechanics.With a beautifully rendered world and an universal fantasy-appeal, this game will quickly capture the player in its world and soon he will find himself immersed into captivating landscapes. Despite all that beauty, the world of Two Brothers is not easy to traverse and only through teamwork can the brothers succeed.Control the two brothers via a single controller and feel how close these two sons are to each other. Feel their togetherness, wonderfully expressed via gameplay and level design.Highly recommended.I also recommend playing this great, albeit short game in a single session, to really connect to the journey that the two sons, as well as you, have brought behind themselves."
,Recommended,225080,11332589,"Posted: 20 July, 2014",all,Pakkidis,"Rating: 9/10What is it?Action/Adventure game where you control two brothers with each joystick on the controller solving puzzles as you progress through the story/enivroments.The Good:+What really stands out for me is the gorgeous graphics,atmoshpere, and beautiful vistas. Its a game where you just want to stop and look at everything.+Varied environments throughout the game make the world feel more real and alive and provide a nice change of scenery+The game feels like a grand adventure in the span of only 3 hours. It does such a good job of the pacing and the puzzles that it feels like you just completed an epic quest.+Controller both brothers at the same time can be frustrating however it adds an extra element to the gameplay, and provides some interesting scenarios and puzzles.+Simple and yet effective story conveyed with no dialogueThe Bad-The game is very easy, the puzzles are not to challenging at all.- All achievements are optional and very missable requiring a guide to get them. If you don't care about achievements than this shouldn't be a problem- Although not required, you really need to play this with a controller.ConclusionAn excellent adventure/puzzle game. The game is more about the journey and the adventure rather than the puzzles. Although short it really was a great experience."
76561198135782047,Recommended,225080,22660121,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,yahuu.co.jp,"You control 2 brothers with 1 controller.You may struggle with it, but it is the point.After playing, I noticed something never felt before."
,Recommended,225080,12837337,"Posted: 7 November, 2014",all,Humility of Humanity,"HOLY CRAP THIS GAME!!!! I loved the crap out of this game, and while it is short (it took me about 3 hours to beat the game), I think this is one of my favourite games ever. At least in my top four. 9.8/10 (really crazy good for me).The basic plot: two brothers have to go to a far away land to get a cure for a rare illness their father has. The story adds onto this and has several twists and turns but this is the basis of it.Whats interesting about this game is that there is no actual interpretable dialog. what i mean by that is they make sounds, but its gibberish, and you have to look for context clues and hear the emotion in their voices to understand whats going on.This game is basically a puzzle game with two buttons, analog stick for movement and action buttons to act upon the world (im pretty sure you can only play this game with a controller). the controls are smoothe and the difficulty is good, i failed a few times but no part was frusterating. The graphics are amazing  and the art and world they create will stick with me for months (seriously breathtaking).. If you love art, BUY THIS GAME. if you have emotions, BUY THIS GAME!!!!! basically the only reason i wouldn't say to buy this game is if you just are not that sympathetic. because this game relies on the fact that you WANT the dad to be cured and want these kids to succeed, if you dont give a rats♥♥♥♥♥about the dad or the kids you wont be motivated to play the game and probably wont have that much fun.Like i said before, probably one of my favourite games ever, I would recommend this game to basically anyone. It was short but incredibly sweet, I loved the crap out of this game :)"
76561198025293846,Recommended,225080,12713599,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,loppantorkel,"Short, but well made game. A little saga. Worth playing through once to the end. Pretty unique experience for a game. Must use controller. Worth 4 hours and 10$."
,Recommended,225080,8426946,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,4m0n,"2013 will be remembered as a great year for indie games, and Brothers - A Tale of Two Sons deserves a special spot among ther best games of the year. Graphics are simply awesome, neat and very VERY evocative. Controls are challenging (you will move both characters at the same time using the two gamepad's analog sticks) but once mastered are really fun and rewarding. The puzzles aren't very hard, you'll probably never get stuck for more than a couple of minutes, but the game never gets boring. Story and character design are just wonderful... and considering no one ever speaks (at least not in a real language) I guess we're really really near to perfection in this department. You'll end up caring A LOT about the two brothers and their journey, and if you're a little sensitive you'll probably end up in tears. We need more games likes this."
,Recommended,225080,8257287,"Posted: 24 December, 2013",all,Mehdi,"A truely epic game. The story is fantastic, and told in a way no other game before it has (as far as I am aware). The control scheme is unique. The graphics are immersive. And hey, the price isn't bad either!"
,Recommended,225080,13657617,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,ALSQR,Absolutely amazing
76561198080038125,Recommended,225080,12567052,"Posted: 19 October, 2014",all,Hexvex,"Rating: 10/10 must buy - worth full price and then some ( WORK OF ART status)Summary: Emotionally charged and beautifully designed adventure puzzle game. Can be played without controller but dont do it, use a 2 stick controller. Hits right in the feelings in the best possible way. No one will be left unmoved by the game.Long review (SPOILER FREE):Game is set in a fantasy world in which you play as two brothers on a epic quest to acquire a certain item. It is a very mature tale about growing up, brotherly bonds, effects of  trauma on a young person, overcoming those traumas and acceptance of death as part of life.Art direction is really good and make the world seem very alive which in turn makes you get really immersed in the game. Game is not long around 2,5h (4h if you stop to take in scenery) but in that short time it will take you on a emotional roller coaster ranging from heartwarming to heartbreaking. You will not feel like you were cheated by how short it is in the end, it will feel perfectly timed.I can honestly say this is one of the few games that ever induced such deep emotions and cathartic feeling at the end. I am talking about The Walking Dead Clementine affection or MGS Sniper Wolf death scene level of emotions. This game will stick with me for the rest of my life. Please play this game in ONE sitting.Characters in this game speak in a made up language and there are no subtitles yet design is so masterful you will never not understand what is happening or get lost or not understand a puzzle. In fact i was impressed that i developed such strong feelings for the brothers despite it. Puzzles range from easy to medium. Sometimes they are a bit ""hard"" just because you are most likely not used to controlling 2 characters at once using both analog sticks and R2 L2 triggers. Personally i did not find them clunky it worked really well for such a design.Most impressive thing that really hit me in the feels was how the game  managed to incorporate emotions into actuall controls. That blew my mind and if you play until the end you will know what i mean by that.Only criticism i can possibly give would be that you should have a controller. Everything else is perfect at least for me. I will follow future similar releases from this studio. This game is a work of interactive art that can not be done in any other medium except video gaming.GO BUY IT !!!"
,Recommended,225080,11852314,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,Insane Wizard,A game where nothing bad happened ever
,Recommended,225080,8945732,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,PensiveMuffin,"I love absolutely everything about Brothers.1. It's a rejection of every condescending trend in game design from the past 5 years. No hand-holding, no collectables, no constant pats on the back. This is a game that treats its players like adults. Your *special reward* for playing Brothers is the WONDROUS JOY of playing Brothers.2. The developers knew their constraints and made smart decisions with the resources they had. No budget for voice actors? That's fine, the characters will speak their own language. XBLA games have limited graphics? Screw it, we'll pick an art style that looks good at any poly count.3. Did I say ""looks good""? Sorry, I meant GORGEOUS. Brothers is flat out beautiful. You'll find yourself constantly stopping to take in jaw-dropping vistas. The game knows it too. The designers sprinkled benches throughout whose only purpose are to let your characters relax and admire the view.4. No English, no problem. You don't need to understand the characters' words to get what they're saying. Everything you need to know comes across in tone, body language, and action. Brothers is the ultimate rejection of the David Cage school of videogame emotion. You don't need to see the individual atoms of NaCl and H2O in a character's tears to inspire empathy.5. I adored the coming-of-age theme. It's done in a way that's entirely unique to the medium, and yet I've never seen another game pull it off the way Brothers does. The game begins in innocence. You're running across verdant hills and through lush fields, playing pranks on local farmers, dodging mean dogs.But the darkness slowly creeps in. First, it's only in the background, and easily ignored by our storybook children on their magical adventure. Soon, though, you'll be neck-deep in the muck, and the green grass will be nothing but a distant memory.For such a short game (3-4 hours), it's incredible to compare where you begin and where you end up. It's the journey in between, the way that the protagonists react in the face of an increasingly adult world, and how they ultimately  learn to live in it—that's what makes Brothers so special."
,Recommended,225080,13693338,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,DeathWish808,"Didn't really know what to expect going in and haven't played a game with a controller in many years.While there are some things you have to do that take longer than I think they should it's not a game changer.Also, no subtitles, but I had no problems following the story just by their actions and the cut scenes.The scenery is great and the journey is fantastic. I didn't put it down until it was over (About 3 hours.). That is a rare thing for me.Despite some minor graphical glitches here and there, they're very minor and it didn't hurt the game at all.This is a must play if you have a controller. I saw in the settings that you can use the keyboard, but boy would that be a pain. Left hand using WASD to move older brother and space for actions. Right hand usinf arrow key to move younger brother and right control for action. Not horrible since movement and the one action key is all that's required, but it was far easier with my controller.PLAY THIS GAME!"
76561198080447125,Recommended,225080,10810605,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,ShadowOfNexxus,Brothers - A Tale of Two Sons is easily one of the best games ever made if not the best game ever made the game emotional and very very good the gameplay consists of you controling two brothers at the same time however this is done so well that i can say it should be a standard this game combines prince of persia level platforming into something completely new and amazing the best thing about this game is the story mind blown how there is zero voice acting but the story is told though hand motions the game is amazing the story is the best story that has been told in a video game also one of the saddest i actaully cried in this game and the story is so well done that you feel connected to this world the graphics are great the music is extremely well done i highly recommend this game for anyone its a great game10/10
,Recommended,225080,4235312,"Posted: 4 September, 2013",all,Germaximus,"I'm working on a review right now that I'll be posting up soon. It was incredible, just incredible. Don't pass this up. You won't believe it. I still can't.Full spoiler free impressions athttp://germaximus.com/brothers-a-tale-of-two-sons-review/"
,Recommended,225080,9311457,"Posted: 1 March, 2014",all,Azraelity,"Wonderful very emotional game, with beautiful graphics and a really deep but short story.This game is definitely an unforgettable experience. Highly recommended!"
76561198038389661,Recommended,225080,29333890,Posted: 18 January,all,choppy the panda,"Bravo, just bravo. This is the first time I ever write a comment on steam. I just have to say, very well designed game. And to all that´s considering buying it, just do it, it´s a small game with a big impact. And do use a controller to play this game, you can play it with keyboard but it won´t have the same meaning as a controller.In the beginning, the controling seperately the two brothers with 2 thumbstick on controller was a bit frustrating, but if you have played it, you´d understand what a monumentally impressing design that is for expressing the emotion of the game. Through the whole game, you are telling yourself, left stick is big brother, right stick is little brother, to the point that the controller has intergrated into the storytelling. And in the end when the big brother was incapacitated, you suddenly felt that emptiness on your left hand, and the urge to rush up to the tree and save him. Then you found out he´s already gone, the reassurence of the temporary disabled left hand in your heart became permanent, you geniuenly felt that lost in a way of your own control. However that wasn´t the end of it, the final part when the little brother refuse to step into the water and you can´t seem to find a way to make him do so made me emotionally angry. ""Your brother died for this, you gotta get over yourself little dude"" I was yelling inside. But no, he just refuse to go on into the water. After several minutes of trying, I was confused, angry, then suddenly I touched the left stick, the one representing the passed away big brother, and the little one moved, struggled through the water with his brother´s strength. I was all tearing up, controlling the little brother using the big brother´s power, pulling lever that was impossible for the little one before or climbing up the cliff too high for him before.... This game definitely deserve a medal."
,Recommended,225080,26333756,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,BoMZo,"Absolutely breathtaking game, It's an emotional puzzle game where you take controll of 2 brothers going on an adventure in hope of finding a cure for their dieing father.The one of many intresting things about this game is that you actually play through the whole story without useing a singel word of english, as far as i can tell the actuall speech within the game is utter gibberish. At no point does the game translate the words used in the game, and that is probably for the best.What this results in is a phenomenally good told story. The game doesnt need to rely on voiceacting to be understood, you can tell exactly what to do even though you can't understand i singel word, whether it be through gestures or the inviorment.It's Mind blowingly good and you need to pick this game up. The only down side of this game is that you can't play coop or splitscreen with your buddy.This is easily one of my favorite games of all time :)"
,Recommended,225080,28212037,"Posted: 5 December, 2016",all,✪ H2RO2,This is the story of a younger brother being taught how to swim.It's also about a journey. And death.And it made me cry.10/10 buy it.
76561198122067126,Recommended,225080,30129754,Posted: 23 February,all,Kebab,Emotional Rollercoaster with amazing OST and the most unique playstyle i have seem in a while.10/10a cheap yet effective solution to boredom!
,Recommended,225080,11295408,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Lady KrimZen,"Brothers: A Tale of Two Sons was developed by the company Starbreeze Studios, who were responsible for games like The Chronicles of Riddick games, The Darkness and Payday 2 and directed by famous Swedish film director Josef Fares.The two Brothers, Naiee (the younger brother) and Naia (the older brother) become united as one not only by the plot but with the help of the game’s mechanics and narration. Thrust out their village and into a gorgeous and almost realistic storybook, the Brother’s only weapons are their minds and their only resource is each other.The brothers then embark on their epic journey through the beautiful landscape of villages, hills, mountains, caves and even the valley of dead giants and trolls that went to war with each other on a very bloody battlefield. At the same time the Brothers also faced challenges like the local bully, a farmer's aggressive dog, and deadly wolves.  Along with these challenges the Brothers also undertake a journey of self-discovery as they learn to work together to overcome each challenge. They even learn and work out how to help out the various characters they meet during their adventure - like reuniting a friendly pair of trolls, saving a man attempting suicide, aiding an inventor, freeing a badly injured griffin that help them before succumbing to its injures and even a girl from being scarified by a blood cult.The dialogue throughout the game is in an artificial language and there are no signs to really provide any type of information to the player in regards to where you must go. You just follow the path, trusting that the brothers are heading the right way. And this parallels the relationship between the brothers: although you can’t understand what they say to one another, you know they love and look out for one another.The game’s visuals are gorgeous to look at and the game rarely lets a few minutes pass without offering some sort of staggeringly gorgeous landscape to ogle. There are even benches scattered throughout the game for the Brothers to sit on. The player is given permission to stop and enjoy the vistas; which are not only beautiful but ram home how vast a world Naia and Naiee have to traverse and, by extension, how vital their relationship is to their own survival. The game makes it so clear that the characters themselves are impressed by what they see. The soundtrack was equally as gorgeous. The Swedish vocals added that extra charm when it came to cut scenes and often provided the atmosphere and told the player what they should feel at that precise moment.The player controls both brothers simultaneously, each mapped to an analogue stick, as that makes button mashing impossible when it comes to puzzle solving. Every action from ""grab the ledge above"" to ""play the harp"" is performed with the triggers. When I first played this game I did find it quite hard to control both the brothers the same time. Usually one would end up running into a wall. Ultimately the control scheme acts as a defining piece of storytelling. The control scheme is actually very simple, though. You control both brothers independently; the older brother’s actions are enacted with the left analogue stick and the younger brother with the right analogue stick. Each brother also has one interactive button that is context sensitive to the area or person it is being used on. There is a very brief introduction to the controls, which becomes a very strong narrative choice because it allows the player to naturally grow with the brothers on their journey and experiment a little more, revealing layers of their characters. Coming back to the point I mentioned about the Brother’s communication is almost psychic, we eventually learn that due to the control scheme of this game that the brothers are sharing a brain; which is in fact the player’s brain. But a curious thing happens as you help the siblings solve puzzles and work in concert to skirt danger. You learn. You get better at controlling these two disparate entities and, in turn, they appear to work together more seamlessly.(WARNING: SPOILERS ALERT)So after the brothers save the girl from the blood cult’s ritual they decide to ally with her. They reach a point in their journey where the girl urges the Brothers to enter a cave which they presume is the direction that they must head in order to reach the Tree of Life.Before Naia enters the claustrophobic tunnel, Naiee become hesitant, pulling Naia’s hand and tries to convince him that this is not a good idea, foreboding that something bad is about to happen. Naia insists that nothing is going to happen and since Naiee is too weak to go on by himself he follows both Naia and the girl into the tunnel. As the brothers shuffle forward, you start to notice what appear to be victims mummified in web. Something doesn’t seem right.In an instant, the girl exposes her true, evil arachnid form and imprisons the brothers in a web and slowly pulls them upwards to feast on.  As Naiee awakes, the brothers devise a plan to escape. To defeat this she-spider Naiee must ram into her while Naia tears off each of her limbs. The fight is pretty easy and feels quite satisfying. As Naia rips off the last leg he is pierced by the spider’s venomous pincher and loses colour of his skin simultaneously. Now Naiee must carry Naia for the remaining way to the Tree of Life, where Naiee must now collect the Water of Life to save not only their father, but Naia’s life too.As you’re controlling Naiee throughout the Tree of Life using only the right side of your controller, you start to feel alone and awkward. Normally the right analogue stick is used to look around in a game; not to move about. It’s weird, unnatural and disjointed. The control scheme is now missing something and you as the player are not use to using the right side of the controller to move around. What you are feeling is exactly how Naiee is feeling in the story but for different metaphorical reasons. The use of only the right side of the controller is symbolic for the emptiness inside of Naiee. And to top it all off, even after Naiee retrieves the Water of Life you find out it’s too late to save Naia and ends up dying in Naiee arms in the most heart wrecking scene I have ever witness. And it doesn’t end there!The emotional knife digs in as you control Naiee, again only with the right side of your controller, to bury Naia, a character that even you as the player, have become emotional attached to. And despite never understanding the dialogue in this game you cannot help but empathise with Naiee.  And even after that, Naiee rushes home to deliver the Water of Life to his father. However Naiee must cross the shoreline before doing so. He is faced with his greatest fear! The flashback to his mother’s death at the beginning of the game explains this phobia, and without Naia there to carry him across like he has been throughout the entire game. Using the right trigger only makes Naiee steps back from the water. But as you realise that the ghost of Naia is with Naiee you also realise that he is also in your controller; and by pressing the left trigger Naiee gathers the strength and determination to swim across the shore, climb up the mountain, use the machinery to reach his father. Even though Naia was not physically there to help Naiee or for you to control with the left analogue stick, it didn’t matter at all. He was still there to use in the left trigger button; which then become symbolic for the brother’s true strength. As for what happens after Naiee reaches his father, I’m not going to say. All I will say is it’s better to experience the ending on your own."
76561197994121450,Recommended,225080,8545592,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Yensoo,This game is amazing. It has a great storyline and a feeling of a far off adventure similar to journey. I'd say if you liked that game you'll love this one!All 10 of my thumbs up!
,Recommended,225080,8445691,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,SPIKES VANDERCLAUSEN,"This game is good, really good... But people have hyped it way too much. Don't get me wrong, I really liked it, the graphics are beautiful, the soundtrack is amazing, the controls are kind weird, but after some time it becomes fun to play with both characters at the same time, and even without understanding what the brothers are saying, you can really connect to them.But this is not a GOTY, and in no way this is the best game ever made... It achieved a pretty high position in my ""Games that almost made me cry"" list, but the 1st place still belongs to To The Moon, which is a shame, considering all the things I heard about this game..."
,Recommended,225080,8524541,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Chewbaccabra,"Great game, if you want to relax from hardcore gaming, and go through a good story.It's not hard at all (the only problem might be getting used to controls), so i would recommend it even to new gamers,it's short (3-4 hours) - yes, it's a positive feature here, you don't get a lot of repetetative gameplay, it's more of a story telling,beautiful art, and each level is unique location with it's own nature and inhabitants,has a good story - well it is not something that will surprise fans of good movies, but it's definitely good, video games rarely comes with these, and the story comes natural with gameplay."
,Recommended,225080,8155968,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,[cFc] Ⓑⓛⓘⓢⓢⓝⓐ,"A charming tale which is told by sight and sound rather than traditional scripting.The two titular sons are brothers who must journey to assist their sick father. A journey that will call upon both of them to work together to overcome the sometimes hostile environment to reach their goal.The mechanics and premise of the game are beautifully simple and excellently excecuted.The left thumbstick of your gamepad controls the movement of the older brother with the left trigger handling any of many interactions with the environment and/or the younger brother. The younger of the two is likewise controlled (you guessed it) by the right thumbstick and trigger.It takes a little bit of getting used to but clicks into place quickly enough and feels really rewarding once you get to grips with it.The puzzles never seem to get too difficult but require enough thought to not seem contrived and they never infuriate.Anyone who has ever played Kuri Kuri mix on the PS2 will enjoy this immediately, as well as feeling right at home. The main difference here being the excellent way the developers have made two main characters that you can instantly empathise with.Ultimately I would recommend this at full price. At the holiday price it is quite simply a steal. Don't miss this one.Additionally I would like to add that I am playing this game using my motherboards onboard graphics. And it runs fine. It should run really well on older systems."
,Recommended,225080,8457107,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,TheManko,"I can see why this has been on so many GOTY lists. The journey you take with the brothers is extraordinary. Closest thing I can liken it to is Ico, Shadow of the Colossus and Dark Souls, except if those had been made by Astrid Lindgren.A couple scenes had janky animation, and at one time I felt frustration at not knowing what to do, but those issues don't matter on the whole. The world design and story more than make up for it. Critics like Adam Sessler & TotalBiscuit had hyped up the ending quite a bit, and probably as a result I didn't find it outstanding in any way. It ended like it should, but it wasn't the high point for me. The best scenes in the game were the ones which were completely optional. For example at one point you meet a man who has lost his family in a fire and is about to kill himself. Whether you help him or not is optional, and if you do there's a thing you can do for him which helps him deal with his loss. This entire area is off to the side and can easily be ignored if you choose to. But this, and many other areas like it provided the strongest moments in the game for me.I'm glad I played it. I had seen clips from it and heard the hype from those who played it, but it didn't really prepare me from what the game is like. Don't miss it."
,Recommended,225080,23823728,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Shadowstrafe,";_;Amazing story, good controls that tie in to the narrative. A short yet enjoyable game.Note: A controller is required for the best experience."
,Recommended,225080,24007875,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,BOOrkie,"this is a beautiful short game that's pieced together admirably, and it's one that i've become enamored with ♥it's certain that the story itself is the pillar of this game's foundation while puzzle-solving stands as an inferior element.  i personally didn't find that to be an issue since i'm not opposed to a non-challenging game as long as it still has its merits, which in this case, it does.  although the playthrough (generally between two to six hours) is quite momentary, the wonderful quality makes it worthwhile.i was pleased by the unique, simple-to-grasp gameplay and non-complex obstacles that merged flawlessly with the story's fluidity.  each transition was a passage full of adventure-- i found delight in being met with lovely little surprises likeriding mountain goatsandsailing on a sky glider.  i'd also pace my course throughout the scenic journey so i could appreciate the landscape encompassed by an enchanting ambience.  as for the brothers, they were personable characters with a charm suitable for the heartfelt story.  my fondness towards them progressed alongside the heroic tale, and with that, so did my devotion to their valorous pursuit.  inevitably, this endearing story steadily tugged at my heartstrings until i fell in love with the entirety of it."
,Recommended,225080,28653757,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Fallen_Angel ☽,"You will be controlling two characters. If you think you can pull that off, you will have a great time. Actually that is the most special thing about this game.The story is great, it will take you to emotional heights.The older brother is stronger, knows how to swim, while the younger can pass through small gaps. The older brings maturity while the younger brings joy. It's fantastic really. The graphics are amazing I find it beautiful. There are some great visuals that will surely amaze. The language is meaningless, like in The Sims. Yet they say enough with body language. It's often funny and entertaining.There are puzzles but they are really easy in my opinion.The playthrough is very short, but i recommend it."
,Recommended,225080,13935109,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,ModaFaca,Co-op play in single player. Like never before.
,Recommended,225080,15891895,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,BoBo,This game was a complete joy to play. I never felt as if I was stuck in a level too long. I honestly thought it was like playing a movie. The art direction is superb and the soundtrack was great. I loved getting used to the controls. Great Game9/10
,Recommended,225080,30346099,Posted: 5 March,all,die_lahn,"Great game. Silent narrative platform game where you control two brothers simultaneously and use them to solve puzzles. It isn't too long (I  think I got through in about 5 hours), but they keep the puzzles fresh and interesting throughout."
,Recommended,225080,12078986,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,DrAcid,"Simply art. Music, gameplay, mechanics, art style, and most importantly - STORY!!! Surely goes to favorites"
76561197962781933,Recommended,225080,12722352,"Posted: 1 November, 2014",all,Kagekaze,"There is no actual dialogue and yet Brothers manages to convey powerful emotions better than most other games.  It is short, but highly recommended to experience."
,Recommended,225080,13026780,"Posted: 21 November, 2014",all,Shades,A really short game that tells a compelling story with unexpected twist.
,Recommended,225080,8684870,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Count Talcula,"A brilliant ending that makes a strong case for games as art, with a beautiful touch in the last few puzzles that other mediums of entertainment will never be able to replicate. A game worth playing.Five out of five Lennys( ͡͡ ° ͜ʖ ͡ °) ( ͡͡ ° ͜ʖ ͡ °) ( ͡͡ ° ͜ʖ ͡ °) ( ͡͡ ° ͜ʖ ͡ °) ( ͡͡ ° ͜ʖ ͡ °)"
76561197994679910,Recommended,225080,8270801,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,zholobov,"The game surprised me multiple times along the way - even last seconds of final cutscene.Right from the beginning it surprises by its visual quality - it is very beautiful, by attention to detail - there are tons of details and tiny cute content you can miss by just running along the path, by its technical quality - very polished and almost flawless.Later it suprises by original and imaginative world and strange big and little details. And as you get closer to the end it gets more and more gruesome and morbid. Although first it seems like a fantasy game for children, especially due to casual gameplay and visual style, I'm not sure I can recommend a child play it.Gameplay-wise it is very casual and will not make you replay long sequences or test your hardcore gamer skills. But it's not mindless either. The balance is very precise to make it a game but not allow gameplay overshadow story or visual/audio beauty and immersiveness.I feel that creators were influenced by many classic games, and weave the influences very organically into the game. There is definitely strong influence from Ico in castle chapters. There is also very deep controller trick reminiscent of Metal Gear's one.Overall, this game seems perfect labor of love with no visible flaws. Except that in my opinion it's a mature game which can be easily mistaken for a child game, so the target audience will most probably not play it.Highly recommended."
76561198075353462,Recommended,225080,6792178,"Posted: 29 September, 2013",all,Squall Leonhart,Game Indie muito legal. Vale a pena a compra.
,Recommended,225080,21015593,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,AccidentlyOnPurpose,"9.8/10 - No words are spoken, but a masterful tale is woven!I can't say enough about this game; It's a new experience altogether! The graphics are really amazing and the controls really define this game.You play as Two Brothers who travel to the far corners of the world in search of a cure for their dying father. Each brother is a single side of the controller. It really takes some getting used to, but once you do it's a fantastic journey! Game is only about 4 hours max; but those hours are very high quality.** This is the BEST use of my Steam Controller yet! I recommend loading the best community preset and prepare to be amazed!Worth the full price! On sale for $1.49!! You have to buy this!Accidently ReviewedWas this review helpful or maybe even not helpful? Either way join this group for more. Free Keys and Reviews weekly!Steam Group: AccidentlyReviewed"
,Recommended,225080,12321477,"Posted: 1 October, 2014",all,Harold Trotter,Made Total Biscuit cry.10/10
,Not Recommended,225080,27766962,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Larina Valarin,"I am in the minority who did not enjoy this game. Perhaps it was because of all the hype I had heard about it, but I felt deeply disappointed.I knew it was a short game, but I don't mind that if the story is good enough. That is however where I found the game lacking the most. I found the game extremly predictable. Call me jaded if you like but the ""twists"" were not emotional to me. Perhaps it was because the gameplay did not draw me in, but I suspect it was primarily because the game chose to use a gibberish language and rely only on visual emotional appeal. And that is where it failed me.All in all, the best I would say is pick it up cheap if you really need to see for yourself, but I think my own time might have been better spent watching someone else play it, which is why I personally cannot recommend it."
76561198008687867,Not Recommended,225080,28407194,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Cloud Buster,"Sorry did not enjoy this game, ti was:- too short,- puzzles were too simple- story was not that goodDon't really understand the hype about this game"
76561198006216609,Recommended,225080,9318233,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Hedgehog,Definitely worth playing!+ Beautiful game+ Unique controls (Each brother controlled with separate analog sticks)+ Ties emotions perfectly to the controls+ Game mechanics are not overused+ Great emotional story with any real dialogue (they speak in a sim-like language)+ Achievements are not rewarded for playing the story but by going off and exploring the world+/- Game is short (2-3 hours) but its the perfect amount for the story being told+/- Puzzles are not overly challenging but the story helps you to forget that- Must be played with a gamepad to get the best experience
,Recommended,225080,10829335,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,AssassinoAL,"-You definitely need a controller in order to have the full experience of the game.-Simple story, simple game mechanics, gameplay about 2~3 hours, but this is one of the most unique experiences I have ever tasted.One of the reasons is probably that I can actually feel the heavy process through my brain-> controlling two characters, the reactions to the emotions and solving the puzzles. The puzzles aren't hard but controlling the brothers are quite confusing sometimes which results in one (or both) of their deaths and you have to restart again (which is also a pain in the♥♥♥♥♥for taking 1~2 minutes to reach the place where you failed in some cases)I'll say it is a solid 10/10 despite some of the awkward moments I mentioned."
,Recommended,225080,368654,"Posted: 16 September, 2013",all,Citizenkane,"Brothers is one of the first games which I think can be universally regarded as a work of art. It should speak volumes that my father, a man who has never played a single video game, or even picked up a controller, sat down for four hours to play Brothers through to the end.The aesthetic rivals the beauty of Trine 2. The difficulty curve and pacing rival the perfect execution of Portal. The storytelling rivals To the Moon. For anybody with a head and a heart this game is a must play."
76561198045189283,Recommended,225080,21306845,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,Lifemicrorez,"This game made me cry. Twice.Which is a good thing - I like it when fictional stuff elicits tears from my eyes; I call it ‘resonating with art’. (What? It’s better than that ‘ninjas cutting onions’ cliche people always use... right?)On the subject of cliches, this game has many: a convenient sunset, a generic premise to set up a generic conflict, a flashback recalling happier times, and at some point a backstabber.The game is also linear, and short (3 hours). But hey, sometimes it’s fun to play a linear and short game. (People complain about linearity, but if every game had an open world, well, we’d have a dump truck-full of terrible open-world games.)The difference with this game is that its linearity serves a purpose: there’s a constant build-up, and just the faintest sense of a ticking clock, of inevitability.Even the cliches add rather than detract; they make the story seem innocent, the adventure seem mild, the characters seem... invincible. They keep things straight-forward, because straight and forward is precisely where the game wants you to go. Even the controls, which will take time to adjust to, are as basic as they get.But for all its simplicity, Brothers doesn’t let you grow bored. There’s never two of the same puzzle, and the settings change regularly. (I have a short attention span, but this game never once lost its magic.) You might ‘die’ a few times, but you’re never really stuck, and even in the few places where a sense of urgency might be felt, there’s never much tension. It’s the kind of game that you can play at leisure, while also being very fun.The setting, mind you, will at some point take an abrupt turn - in literal terms, you’ll start to go downhill instead of up - and from there the mood will start to shift. Just wait.Everything, from the settings to the cliches, will there reveal itself as a tool, a gameplay feature employed by the developer to serve a purpose - but it’s a purpose I shan’t spoil. Even the controller, which you’d spent a decent time mastering, will turn out to have, all along, been a pawn expertly positioned in storytelling.Towards the end every piece will culminate like a well-choreographed dance, a superbly-structured film. And in many ways this game is a film, but it’s the kind of film that the developer goes to lengths to make sure you’re a part of. Enjoy it.Because you may not want to play this game twice. You’ll certainly want others to play it, to experience it with child-like eyes; but you’ll also wish that you could return to when your own eyes were child-like - when, you might say, times were happier. Brothers - A Tale of Two Sons is just one of those games that you can never un-play.10/10P.S. I purchased this game on sale (80% off, I think). Whether you think it's worth the full price will depend on if, for the same price, you'd purchase a 3-hour film that you knew would be great to watch."
,Recommended,225080,13631394,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Mhoku,"Breathtaking game.When I first sat down to play this, I was immediately drawn to the characters and the story. The fact that the emotional attatchment to each of these characters grows so quickly and you understand what each brother is going thru is astounding. All without ever speaking an actual language.Story aside the complexity of the puzzles gradually scales as you play the game in a seamless fashion. The mechanics work quite well with the unique control scheme they have going for them. If your not used to controllers it may be a bit troublesome but by the harder puzzles you will feel very comfortable with your dextarity.Graphics wise looks great for what it is the art style fits perfect with the atmosphere of the game.Bought this once on xbox bought it yet again on PC9.5/10"
,Recommended,225080,24314760,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,Geekrider,"Jesus Christ! This game! It is one of the best visually breathtaking and emotional game I have probably ever played. I felt everything between joy and sadness. I laughed, I cried, I was stunned and I was angry. The set pieces are amazing, the music pulls your heart strings and the characters are compelling even though they speak gibberish (It's a fictional language like the Sims). Don't get fooled by the nonsensical dialog though. Every action and emotions plays out perfectly well and drags you deeper into the game. A message to my 3 brothers. I love you guys. Even though we don't show it to each other.11/10"
,Recommended,225080,24201624,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Kaleith,"Brothers - A Tale of Two Sons is often named as one of the best example of games that use the tools proper of the video game medium in a way that no other does.The main ""gimmick"" of the game is the fact that you control the titular two brothers at once, using one analog control stick and one ""action"" button for each.This mechanic, alien at first, quickly becomes second nature, letting you fully enjoy your travels through beautiful scenery following the brothers on a quest to find a cure for their dying father.Talking about storytelling, that's another way Brothers sets itself apart from most other games, as the simple, fable-like story is told using gameplay and rare in-engine cutscenes.You find out the personality and quirks of each brother by the way they interact with each other and with the people and creatures they encounter during the journey. You understand the power of their brotherly bond by the way they help each other out solving puzzles or getting out of difficult situations. All of this without ever having to read or hear a single word.I would 100% recommend Brothers - A Tale of Two Sons if it wasn't already clear enough, as the way the game marries its storytelling to its mechanics is truly fascinating and definitely worth the 2 to 4 hours needed to complete it."
,Recommended,225080,9676689,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Noov,"Absolutely outstanding. Best use of gameplay mechanics serving and assisting the story I have ever seen; emotionally manipulative as hell, yes, but nothing short of amazing.Everything in this game seems crafted towards detail, every small thing seems to be there because of an artistic purpose behind it. Finishing the game is like putting down a book that had you absolutely enthralled for weeks; you get that empty feeling because it's all over and there's nothing more to experience, and you're sad to leave the amazing universe you were immersed in, however only after leaving it can you truly appreciate how amazing the whole journey was.God dang, this was a great game. I'd wax poetry about it for ages on end if I could."
,Recommended,225080,29496466,Posted: 25 January,all,weypey,"10/10 well directed, it was like controling family movie in cinema, it gave me chill in the last 15 minutes of the game, the puzzle is not challenging but its okay if you need an adventure-puzzle game in a short timePS : Fkk dat spider ♥♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,225080,18275569,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Zet,"I am so happy, there are game in my backlog, which turn out to be diamonds. Like many other games, I bought this game when it was on sale because I heard it was good - and then never touched it since. Recently, I saw a video of Totalbiscuit, where he mentioned this game was his favourite game of all time. I was surprised, such a small and modern production could impress such a harsh critic, so I decided to dig it up out of my backlog and play it. And I did not regret a single moment.Emotionally strong visual and interactive storytelling combined with a kind of unique but very simple gameplay mechanic. While the game is not flawless, the overall experience is such an impressive one, you'll soon forget about the little problems here and there. The music supports the beautiful tone of the game and underlines certain scenes perfectly.After Spec Ops and now this, who knows what else hides deep down in the pit of my Steam library, I once bought and haven't touched since? I hope there's more hidden gems there...Very strongly recommended."
,Recommended,225080,13734490,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Graaly,"Very good game with a sad story. The graphics is amazing. It have something that make you want to play and play. If you don't have it yet, go and grab it. It's worth it's price. If you don't have a controller you can play on keyboard.This game should win the prize of it's category"
76561197977396960,Recommended,225080,10856064,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,%Catname%,"Alright, I read some reviews before I bought it, just now finished it. And I pretty much agree with the positive and the negative reviews ;)Very linear, puzzles rather easy, replayability kinda low, sometimes a bit clunky controls. And the camera is at times very annoying.On the other hand, stunning visuals, especially in the latter part, fascinating and gripping, a bit like a movie, well worth the discounted price in the summer sale imho.It is also true that the game has some disturbing parts that are not exactly that well suited for very little children for example.Anyway, I don't regret getting it, any game that makes me go ""woaaah"" while I play is good. I mean, if you just shrug away every visual here, you have to be dead inside. Okay, it also had some parts where I just shook my head, but, eh, if you take it for what it is, more like a moviepuzzle-experience, it's certainly worth getting.If, however, you expect a very engaging puzzle-platformer, this is probably not the game for you. Also the plot might not be to everyones liking.Whether good or bad, you'll probably keep this one somewhere in your memory.Good, albeit short experience and definitely worth getting on sale if you are not sure if you'll enjoy the style or expect more freedom and harder puzzles."
,Recommended,225080,13818970,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Capt Macca,"★★★★★ - ""Do not miss this game""PROS:- A truly beautiful game, in every aspect- Puzzles are thoughtful and perfectly crafted- Imaginative and fresh, could almost be called single player co-op- Emotional and will most definitely live long in the memory- Story strong, a good game for me has to have a good story. Brothers excels without the use of narration or a language I could understandCONS:- Very minor but the use of analogs for each character takes a little getting used too and was frustrating at first, but do not let this get in the way of playing this gameVERDICT?Deserves its plaudits, Brothers is a wonderful experience. Less than 4 hours long but you cannot put a time limit to the beauty of its tale and immersion."
76561198192497461,Recommended,225080,33391708,Posted: 8 July,all,Leviathan,"THE FEELS BROTHER, THE FEELS!I extremely impressed with this three/four hour game. Although it might be short, there is nothing else quit like it, and there may just never be anything like it in the future. Warning: you will cry! This right here ladies and gentlemen is a once in a lifetime experience!10/10 IGN"
,Recommended,225080,15339128,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,Kiya,How can I only have played 7 hours with this game - it felt so much longer.Fun gameplay with some good puzzles though it did take me a while to get used to the controls when controlling both characters at the same time.A wonderful story with some great humour that may leave you feeling as though your heart has been ripped from your chest.Buy it on sale - it is more than worth your money despite the short length.
,Recommended,225080,31982634,Posted: 26 May,all,heybabyxxx,"Absolutely gorgeous, with amazing scenery. Very imaginative visually.Good storytelling, relying more on images, since the language spoken is gibberish. Very emotional plot, with some surprising twists.Interesting gameplay, a kind of ""single player co-op"": you move both characters at the same time (they can't be very far apart), using the directional controls and the triggers for interaction.Very linear, but there are some easy-to-miss Easter Eggs that lead to achievements. I was surprised because I finished the game with only 50% of them, and I consider myself a thorough player. Fortunately, it's very easy to collect the remaining ones after the game ends.Very short, kept me wanting for a little more. Finished it in 5 hours. But the settings and situations are diverse, so the game never gets boring.Recommended, above all, because of the story. It's an easy and relaxing game, although deaths are possible. I played it while I was on medical leave from work, getting better after undergoing surgery.Bug alert: for 2 times, my original Xbox 360 controller wasn't fully recognized and the game became unplayable. Problem solved only after rebooting the computer."
,Recommended,225080,13621618,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Alwarren,"Quite simple. This is a great game. It's a well-told story that doesn't use and words to tell it. It's got emotional impact and  unique mechanics. It's not a long game, it's not the greatest triple-A graphics, but you owe it to yourself to play it. It can be played in a single session, and you should really do it when you are alone.A simply great game."
,Recommended,225080,13605590,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,You (idling),"This game is incredible. I am sitting here overwhelmed and awestruck, having just finished the game.An extremely touching story of two brothers who go out of their way to save their father. My new favorite game.P.S.: Play it together with someone for an even better experience. Controller is not required (will probably make controls easier though since it does say that the game was designed for a controller), I beat it using a keyboard."
76561198117285336,Recommended,225080,33200601,Posted: 3 July,all,LibereckyCavo,Dat feeling while playing it! You don't have to understand a word(You can't) but you feel it + the soundtrack.It's short but worth it.
76561198354426039,Recommended,225080,29375564,Posted: 20 January,all,Silver for life csgoatse.com,"I'd recommend playing this game. The soundtracks and the in game sounds are fantastic. The game kind of provides all the things that a fan of Prince of Persia, Assassin's Creed, Tomb Raider (and sometimes even Harry Potter!) wants. The story is a heart touching one, you'll love it. The game is fun played alone too, but if you've got a buddy to play with, then it just feels a whole lot different. I agree that the game is short. In fact, it took only about 3 hours to complete (while enjoying the views every now and then). But then, how much can you expect from a game that's just about 1 GB? That's right. 1 GB. You'd think that the game may be around 3 GB or so by looking at the visuals. Don't be disappointed. There are 12 achievements that you can complete, and for that it will take a lot more than 3 hours. Also, I would find it hard to imagine if you said that you wouldn't play the game again.Bonus:Suppose you are really tired at the end of the day and you just want to relax. TV shows are tiring, FPS is a little too much to handle. You can't even go out because you're lazy AF. What to do then?Play the game! The beautiful visuals, places and atmosphere combined with the background music will help you relax. You could just stand or sit on a bench, and just enjoy the view.You can thank me later. ;)"
,Recommended,225080,7533010,"Posted: 31 October, 2013",all,Pipkin,"I call it ""Bro-op"""
,Recommended,225080,7838463,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,MOOMANiBE,"A brilliant short story in game form. Minimalist, beautiful, and unique. This is a game everyone should play."
,Recommended,225080,8110809,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Bruce Willis,"I don't need to explain why this game is amazing, it just is.Contains two hours of gameplay."
,Recommended,225080,8380345,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Barrier,"Do not buy this if you want to play an action game!This is a slow, atmospheric fairytale.So the game is about two brothers on a quest to cure their father.You control both brothers at the same time (left/right gamepad stick).There is lots of walking, some light puzzles, some funny moments, but overall the story is quite sad.The art is probably the best part about the game, the enviroments are amazing!"
,Recommended,225080,7991984,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,DeSoto,"An emotional rollercoaster played in a 3D painting. This is a beauty, a real beauty.A short but oh so sweet story puzzler about hardship, life and death.The not so deep story does leaves an emotional scar for people with empathy.If the kidsplay versus hardship doesn't get you, the music will. If that doesn't work, there is still the cute animals and some gore.The reason this is short is, because the game actually doesn't punish you too severly for making a mistake and everything you have to figure out is pretty much close to realism. If that is possible in a fairytale. The expierience doesn't feel short, you are on an urgent mission, so not interrupting the flow of the game is a plus.And then there is the reason I bought the game. The controlling of two characters at the same time. It really works well and it makes the game an instant classic. I'm begging for more gameplay like this. I like regular gameplay just like the next guy, but anybody who tries something new and pulls it off, always get the cake.Classic"
,Recommended,225080,7979693,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Storm,"Good:Stellar graphicsUnique gameplayBeautiful storySoothing scorePacingBad:Not keyboard-friendlyShortSummary:From the dev team that brought us games like The Darkness, Chronicles of Riddick, and Syndicate, Starbreeze Studios have tried something refreshing and much appreciated. Brothers: A Tale of Two Sons keeps the narrative-driven gaming trend going this year with relateable interactions and development in an unforgettable journey.The game starts off showing a flashback of the mother of the two sons' death. Whilst reminiscing on that tragic day, the two brothers' father falls ill. After a trip to the local doctor, the brothers are told about the water from the 'tree of life' which appears to be the only way to save their dad, and so their quest begins.Right off the bat the visuals are phenomenal, making use of the Unreal Engine 3. Vibrant colors shown in various settings such as forests, mountains, dungeons, and small towns, nice cell-shading style, detailed shadows...for an indie-style game, it actually looks on par or even better than some AAA titles. To top it off, the soundtrack sets the tone and brings the world to life, immerseful and always in the back of your mind whilst playing (see video at the top to get an idea).The controls are unlike any I've played before it. You control two characters simultaneously, and whilst there's very few controls to use (movement for either side of analogs, and one button interaction for each brother), how they integrated and executed the controls is brilliant. It takes some getting used to, and you'd tend to forget a finger on a button here or there whilst trying to keep the brothers on track with their mission, but the game isn't punishing. It's simplistic and overall not too difficult to play. The two brothers rely on one another to move forward, both having significant differences to get through various puzzles. However, playing with a keyboard can prove to be frustrating. Definitely recommend a controller (even the Steam page claims it requires a controller to play, although keyboard controls are available).There is never a dull moment in this game. The pacing is perfect. For such simple mechanics with the unique twist of controlling two characters at once, each segment, or well, chapter, is different and utilizes the innovative controls in a variety of ways. And the best part about the pacing is, and this is a debatable point, the simple puzzles keep the game from detouring and ruining its experience.Whilst the gameplay and graphics are integral, very fun parts of the game, what outshines more than anything, what brings all the elements together and shapes it into an extraordinary game, is the growth of the brothers. They have to go through hell and high water in order to save their father, and like any group of siblings stuck together for so long, there's going to be rivalry. Their age and clothing show their typical, rather cliche attitudes well, and we need that to piece their styles together as there's no English in this game. There's voice-acting, but done in a fake language allowing us to detail the characters on our own. The brothers encounter various people and things to interact with, with both reacting their on way to any given situation, further drawing their different personalities to us.Brothers: A Tale of Two Sons is an emotional ride. It doesn't just stop with the engaging, roller coaster of a story, it is a well-rounded game with fun controls and beautiful graphics to follow suit. It shows us very, very strong bonds as children, as siblings, as a family...life lessons secretly hidden in this title. This, along with Gone Home, have really set a new mark in gaming today, pushing forward for the better of the industry. And now...I urge anyone who stuck around reading this to try it. We need more games like Brothers. These titles are taking risks and evolving the gaming industry, or have the possibility to, so long as they get more exposure. And even without talking about it, the experience itself is worth the price of admission. A general $15 full retail price for a 3-4 hour game, but there's constant sales and even if you don't catch it during a sale it's still very much worth it. Couldn't recommend Brothers enough. Thank you for reading."
76561197997422384,Recommended,225080,8098367,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Curly,"This game started out as an amusing romp with an interesting gimmick but it quickly developed into something much deeper and more meaningful and by the time I had finished the game I had to sit down with my boyfriend while I cried my eyes out.  Definitely, definitely recommend playing this game first hand."
,Recommended,225080,8431684,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Heavy_Z,"This game sets a new high bar for the way the medium of video games can be used to tell a story.  It is through the gameplay itself that the game tells its story.  The game itself is reminiscent of Ico for the PS2.  However, it far surpasses that game in scope.  The world of the game is an enchanting fairy tale esque setting and the games graphics do a great job capturing the epicness of the game.  This goes far beyond simple art design.  Even camera angles are chosen to best capture the journey of the two brothers.I only have 2 complaints about the game.  It runs on Unreal Engine 3, so it does not have native AA support, and the game does not control that well with the keyboard.  Neither of these issues is game breaking, but I thought they were worth mentioning.This game is one of the best games ever made and anyone who plays video games should play through it at least once."
,Recommended,225080,7575412,"Posted: 5 November, 2013",all,Levaniko,"Simply amazing, we need more games like this. Just buy it already!"
,Recommended,225080,8334626,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Nashua,OMG! I started playing this and I could not put it down! I finished it in one sitting. Great story! Fantastice visuals! This game shows great innovation with the use of a controller. I thought it would be difficult to control 2 characters at the same time but within the first 15 minutes I was hardly thinking about it (and I don't use a controller very often).When I finished it I noticed that I had only one achievement. You don't need the achievements to complete the adventure so I guess I'm going to play this again and look for the rest... and I will enjoy it just the same!
76561198064524713,Recommended,225080,8393963,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Candy Siren,"Brothers - A Tale of two Sons is an absolutly awesome game. It catched me in some of the first minutes and wont let me go till the end of the story.This game was really great, because of it's kind of storytelling without any known language instead of gestures. It takes your emotions and throws them from one corner to another; one time i was laughing and a sec later i starred at the screen nearly having tears in my eyes.Everone who likes to play an new kind of videogame wich includes a really refreshing storytelling-system and gameplay-dynamic should play Brothers.Thanks for this game."
,Recommended,225080,8446396,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,vlex,"Vraiment bon comme jeu, on a trouve pas un autre jeu comme celui là. Un must play =)"
,Recommended,225080,8491334,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,RedHermit,"*Update 11/2016 - Nominated for Steam Awards; 'I'm not crying, there is something in my eye'* | A wonderful tale with a unique and refreshing gameplay control experience.  The dual character control from one controller is easy to pick up, and the various puzzles and gameplay elements introduced throughout the game keep the control style from getting stale.Many aspects of the journey of the brothers involve helping others, and in return, they help the brothers to advance through the various areas and puzzles, which is delivered wonderfully and seamlessly (no fetch quests).  With a more peaceful overtone to the game, when you do encounter the few “violent” pieces of the game they have that much greater impact and dig a bit deeper into your emotions.The graphics, environment/set design, and audio are all very well done.  On your journey you pass through many beautiful landscapes with perfectly matched gentle music scores and ambience, dark and dreary battlefields with ominous overtones, and magical places with quite a unique and mystical feel.“Brothers” is a wonderful experience, and I would recommend it to anyone who wants to fill 3 hours with a memorable, fun, and sometimes ‘heart-string pulling’, time."
,Recommended,225080,7840263,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Deimos,"Short and sweet, takes about an afternoon to complete.Story and narrative are all but absent. The characters speak but not in any language I know, it may as well have been grunts or whistles. The game is more about the adventure. I found that the premise, a quest to get medicine for your sick and dying Dad, didn't really fit with the tone and pacing of the actual quest. It felt like the game was encouraging me to explore, play and muck around rather than urgently pushing you through the journey to save someone.Aside from this the adventure was pleasant with some elements I wasn't expecting. A word of warning though, despite the screen shots you see on Steam the game is definitely not appropriate for young children, the first half is OK but things start to get very dark, scary and violent after the halfway mark.ControlsI found the controls a little akward. Controlling two charcters on screen at once is very difficult to co-ordinate. I think the game would have lent itself quite well to actual co-op play but sadly there is none to speak of. The game play is fairly simple and there are no areas where you will get stuck trying to figure stuff out which means that you can focus on the story and the beatifully realised game world.Graphics are last gen console quality and it seems as though it was more or les a direct port with no imrpovement on the PC. In saying that though, the graphics are almost flawless and there are some really nice details through out. For example, the shadows in some parts of the game actually enhance the story as the game progresses.Sound and musicFit well with the game and the ambience is nice.All in all a great game especially if you pick it up on special. A good few hours of light entertainment. Aside from the controlls the game is not challenging at all but not in a bad way."
,Recommended,225080,8285433,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Wade,"I just finish the game and there is only one word that I can think of: AMAZING, the graphics the story, everything...  and by the end of the game... well I try to enjoy the end of the game but... Damn ninjas cutting  onions around me!"
,Recommended,225080,8371443,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Mr.Hell,"Absolutely great story, lovely music and ingenious gameplay. Almost everything about this game is perfect. There is only one actual downside - the game isn't long enough. But even that fact doesn't make it less enjoyable. 9.5 out of 10."
,Recommended,225080,8381607,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Eycore,"Although this game is very short (3 hours), it's more than worth it for the experience alone. This game is incredible. Story sucks you in as you go on an adventure and I could not put this game down. Expect puzzles, many feels and a chilling soundtrack. You'll find yourself staring at the rolling credits, trying to process what the ♥♥♥♥ just happened - that's a sign of an awesome game."
,Recommended,225080,8385260,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Cheesesteak,"I have long held the belief that video games can do things that other forms of entertainment cannot, due in part to their interactive nature. I have never seen that belief more actualized than the way it is in Brothers - A Tale of Two Sons. This is the finest example of a video game as art I have ever seen. It's perfectly paced, perfectly challenging, and I have never come closer to crying at a video game in my entire life. And it doesn't overstay its welcome, either; the game only lasts for three hours, tops. Unfortunately, I can’t express exactly what I am talking about without spoiling the game big-time. It is an experience that needs to be played. Buy this game and clear your schedule and just play it in one sitting. It will change the way you feel about what video games are and, more importantly, it will change the way you feel about what video games can do."
,Recommended,225080,8420102,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,BraaKun,WOW!!!Such great adventure game I've never played game like this.Highly recommended!
,Recommended,225080,8540124,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Byakka,"Очаровательная и необычная игра. Прям очень здорово, не пропустите."
76561197970903359,Recommended,225080,8542877,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Ravix,"Super intelligent game and an emotional masterclass in story telling. As a game, it is rarely difficult or overly challenging but that 100% doesn't matter as the strength of the game is in its story and the journey of the brothers.  I was hooked and played it from start to finish in a 3 hour session. It might sound a little short but I think the length is absolutely right and you will be amazed at how far you come in that time. It's a really good game and despite knowing the story now I've completed it, I will be playing again. Dual Stick controller recommended to make the most of the innovative control system, though there are keyboard controls. I love the way the game uses camera angles to show you just how far you have travelled or how far lies ahead in the unique and gorgeous fantasy world. I picked it up in the 2013 winter sale, but it is well worth the full asking price. Starbreeze are back on form!"
,Recommended,225080,34806223,Posted: 7 September,all,FichteFoll,"Brothers is quite short (3-3.5h), but very enjoyable with a great narrative relying entirely on gestures and tone. It does not rely on any words at all, excluding explanations on controls. The characters do talk, but you are not supposed to understand them, and you really don't need to either.The story is simple but effective. You probably already read it in the game's description. That's about it.The gameplay of solving puzzles and basic platforming with two characters at once is not challenging but unusual and it takes some getting used to. However, it is fun throughout the entire time and does not get boring the slightest. The game *can* be played with a keyboard, but you really shouldn't; it was made for a controller.The soundtrack is very sweet and the scenery is quite immersive, covering a large variety of environments in such a short time. Graphics aren't top-notch but it doesn't bother me at all.Since it is a few years old now, you can easily get it during a sale, which makes up for the short gameplay."
76561197973133158,Recommended,225080,8568392,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,[8HN] Chair?,"At the start of the game, I was enthralled with the art style. Through the middle I was continually impressed at the creativity, originality, and storytelling. By the end, I was sure I'd just experienced one of the best games I've ever played. At the risk of getting carried away or sounding too hyperbolic, the question of whether games can be art has been put to rest.It took me about 3 hours to complete. I mention it because, in this case, I consider that the perfect length. It is as long it needed to be; no more, no less. Long enough to be a great experience, with no unnecessary ""filler."" More importantly, it is short enough that you have no excuse to not see it through to completion.Were I doing a more clinical breakdown, I might mention great choices on the part of the developers, like having no HUD to distract or pull the player out of the experience. Or the fantastic art and sound design. Or the fact that they respected players' brains enough to let us infer the finer points of the story through context and body language, rather than beating us over the head with exposition. Or, perhaps most impressively, the way they use the controls themselves to great effect. (On that note, ""Brothers"" really deserves the proper playing environment: preferrably a gamepad with dual analog thumbsticks. If you don't have an Xbox 360 pad for PC, but you do own a modern gaming console, consider purchasing it on your console of choice instead. The controls are that important, in my opinion.)Since this ISN'T a clinical breakdown, however, I'll simply say that ""Brothers"" deserves a few hours of your time."
76561198168211786,Recommended,225080,21205531,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,lostonDYE,一路看着弟弟们打通关。一个手柄变成两个用，一个用左摇杆一个用右摇杆。一开始在村子里俩兄弟玩得很欢乐，弟弟们也很开心：） ，然后有些惊恐，再是些许悲伤。不仔细的话要错过一些内容， 最后的剧情还是挺出乎意料的，虽然有铺垫但是太傻了没想到。总的来说，看弟弟们玩很有意思~
,Recommended,225080,35193972,Posted: 24 September,all,Nasigil,"That moment at the ending... if you played the game, you will know that moment. The whole game is built up to that specific, powerful moment. That's the moment that's worth put into the video game pantheon. Incredible."
,Recommended,225080,8385672,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Murchika,"If it had coop, Easily game of the year, that in no way subtracts from the sheer awesome of this amazing creation by Starbreeze Studios"
,Recommended,225080,13692069,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Nyc2x,A suite of painfully personal and unique stories set in a gorgeous world. It’s a unique twin-stick adventure brimming with imagination that shows in its art and dual-action puzzles. A beautiful and emotional game that perfectly merges gameplay. Great storyline and really connects player to the game.Game: 10.0/10Graphic: 10.0/10100% Achievement :Easy| Medium | Hard | Very Hard
,Recommended,225080,20054119,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,AWACS,"If you're okay with a game with little replay value, and if you're okay with a game that isn't very long, and you just want a raw story..Then buy this game.It's 4 hours long, but well worth any price.There's not much that could be said about this game without spoiling anything, but basically you use a controller and the left stick is the big brother, and the right stick is the little brother. You use the brothers at the same time to complete context sensitive tasks and puzzles.Again, not going to spoil anything, but there's a huge chunk of symbolism with the way you use your controller towards the end.Oh yeah, you don't NEED a controller, but it makes it a lot easier to play in my opinion, due to the mechanics."
,Recommended,225080,22645972,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,Sado,I can undoubtedly state that this game is one of the few masterpieces out there. I give it a solid 10/10 and even more than that. It's by far the best game i have played. The story and the gameplay complement each other making this a beautiful piece of art.:')
,Recommended,225080,20318950,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,-ED[G]E-,"A beautiful game, woudn't mind more details on the backstory of the other characters though.The Giant's war level was such a eerie but psychedalic gory treat, high point of the game personally for me.P.S. :-i.) Plays fine with a keyboard after 10 mins of getting familar to the controls even though the store page warning makes it seems as if the controller is mandatory.ii.) Achievement hunters beware, you have to pay attention to get them pesky ones and there is no backtracking with most points being of no return nature."
,Recommended,225080,13837489,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,GhostsheLL,I scored this one for a buck during the Holiday Sale and I am impressed. This game has very unique game play which is implemented beautifully. The story and artwork are also stunning. Even though it does require an Xbox 360 controller and the audio is not in English I have to recommend it.
76561198062853085,Recommended,225080,29656811,Posted: 2 February,all,cloaked penis,such adventure...........absolute belter 10/10 got it on sale for 1.99back of the net!
,Recommended,225080,32940762,Posted: 28 June,all,Jordi,"2 brothers go on an adventure to save their dying father.Yes, the game might be short (roughly 3 hours) and the puzzles might not be (very) challenging, but that is all the downsides I can name of this game.Good storytellingBoth the music and visuals are great.From breathtaking areas to goosebumps from the music. I had both.The game uses controls that I have personally never seen before.If you play with a  controller (you can play with keyboard, but I did not try) you use the left stick and trigger for the one, and the right stick and trigger for the other brother.This can be a little confusing at times if you suck at multitasking as much as I do.I recommend this game. The price can get pretty low on sales (if you read this during the summer sale 90% off is more than worth it)"
76561197967645948,Recommended,225080,8612583,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,McRed,"Amazing layout, visuals, and imagination. Very unique gameplay between the 2 brothers. You can actually co-op the game with a friend by having one person on the keyboard controlling one brother and another on a gamepad controlling the other! A must play for anyone looking to go on an incredible journey!"
,Recommended,225080,20116922,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Baudisch,"MASTERPIECE with a shocking ending that will make you cry. I have completely changed my definition of ""games"" after playing this. The touching story, the way this masterpiece is polished, the care that has been put into the gameplay makes me see any other game as dumb and senseless (until I play something similar or better)."
,Recommended,225080,13902853,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Aarontu,"This game is amazing. The gameplay mechanic of single-player local co-op is unique and fun, even if the game isn't challenging. The visuals are beautiful, and the aesthetic style of the game looks like a painting from a fairy tale book. The game is very charming, with polish in unexpected areas and all kinds of weird little ways to interact with the environment. I found the end of the game very touching, more emotionally touching than any other game I can remember. The music was very good and unique, which added to the whole experience.This is a great artsy little game that is charming and unique. It's very short and sweet. I highly recommend it to anyone who likes videogames."
76561198017636421,Recommended,225080,12847203,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Zillu,"This game is so great. You get to control 2 brothers at the same time, but the game is not very difficult, in fact, it is quite straight-forward. Nice graphics and epic scenery. A bit short but worth the play!"
,Recommended,225080,10954920,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Kreuscher,"Personal Rating: 9/10An emotional adventure not as aesthetically unique as Journey and not as powerful as The Last of Us, Brothers: A Tale of Two Sons lies somewhere in between. It is above all a story told with no more than pseudowords and names (I'm thinking it's not really a conlang they speak) and an accurate soundtrack that fits perfectly with each sequence. The plot itself is rather simple. Two brothers must save their father who is terribly ill. For that they have to reach the Tree of Life and harvest the water that springs from its center. A lot happens, and I can just say that the whole journey is unforgettable.The whole artwork and design is at times reminiscent of Shadow of the Colossus and ICO, in which the player journeys into and out of the dreamlike “Forbidden Lands”. The very concept of travel, journey and quest is essential to the whole atmosphere of both games, and it works the same way in Brothers: A Tale of Two Sons. (Also, one can see how the couple's escape in ICO and the wanderer's quest to save his loved one in SotC might have influenced Starbreeze.)As to gameplay, the controls feel very awkward at first, and even by the end of the game I still struggled here and there. But they never get to the point of breaking immersion. On the contrary: for me playing this game feels exactly as it should — you must control both brothers simultaneously rather than alternating between the two as is commonly done. This is especially effective in one particular chapter, in a way which I won’t comment in order to avoid spoilers.I have seen many game reviewers (from ACG to Downward Thrust and Satchbag) discussing the gameplay aspects of adventure games and whether they function more like interactive movies orpropergames. Indeed this could be argued in cases such as Gone Home or the Telltale games in general. But where these games' mechanics are rather epiphenomenal, the gameplay of Brothers enriches the experience in ways I can hardly explain without spoiling the story.Though the game is short, I strongly recommend it for anyone interested in thestyleof game I vaguely call “an experience”. Indeed, unless you are too impatient with unconventional, inventive controls (in which case you will hate this game), I say this game is definitely worth a try."
,Recommended,225080,13167244,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Seraph,"Brothers - A Tale of Two Sons is a very powerful and emotional game, which manages to deliver a beautiful and captivating story without any dialogue or written story-telling. All the story-telling is done by the character's body languages or the game simply showing that something is happening in the area. It has a gorgeous art style and some beautifully designed levels, both visually and how you progress through them. They're very linear though, with only some minor exploration leading to a nice view or something to do for an achievement. Your goal in this game is to find some magical tree and bring back some water of the healing well inside of it, in order to cure your ill father.The gameplay is quite innovative, putting the player in control of both characters at once, using only one controller. The left thumb stick and trigger control one character's movement and actions, and the right stick and trigger are used for the other character. Keyboard support has been added some time ago as well, but I can't vouch for how well that works as I only played it with a controller. It's pretty tricky to get used to at first, and I often had to move one character at a time or pause shortly before releasing a character's action button to make sure I wouldn't accidentally let the other character fall to his death.Most puzzles and obstacles require the brothers to work together and make up for each other's weaknesses. The big brother is the strongest one so he will be pulling heavy switches and carrying things, as well as boosting his little brother to higher platforms. The little brother never learned to swim due to being traumatized by seeing his mother drown in front of his eyes, so he clings onto his bigger brother when they need to swim through a river or pond. But because he is more nimble he manages to get to some places where the big brother can't get to and then helps him get past. A lot of the time you will also need to use both brothers at once to move something heavy or interact with two things that are spread apart at once.The ending is very emotional, but obviously I can't talk about that because it would spoil the entire experience for anyone who hasn't played this yet. And if you haven't, I really recommend you do. It goes really cheap during sales, and it only takes about three hours to complete. Despite being so very short, it still delivers a great experience that's really worth your time, especially if you're open to the more artsy and touching games out there. It would be cool to play this game with someone else online, but then that would also take away the innovative controls which are part of what makes this game such a great experience."
,Recommended,225080,12340962,"Posted: 3 October, 2014",all,hustlerbojenkins,"This game put me off in the beginning with the weird, nonsensical voice acting, but I'm really glad that I stuck with it. In fact, I think this game would actually have suffered with understandable voice acting. The puzzles weren't incredibly challenging, but they were fun, and I felt good after I completed them. There were some weird moments here and there where the puzzles only seemed to come from poor design choices on the part of the game's inhabitants, but they were outweighed by the rest of the game in a big way.The only real con is that the game is pretty short. It is one of my more expensive games in terms of dollars per hour, but picking it up during a sale really helped to ease that pain."
,Recommended,225080,11833141,"Posted: 23 August, 2014",all,BravoDa,"Such a Beautiful & Atmospheric Tale! Game is very short though, but still a Highly Recommended & Must Play for all Fantasy/Adventure Game Fans."
76561197993551221,Recommended,225080,8225872,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Manu,"Short but really good, Controls might be a little uncomfortable with a keyboard."
,Recommended,225080,8409805,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Selles,"I could talk about the faults of this game, like broken textures and bugged out scripted events, but i simply wont. Because the story and mechanics of the game overshadowed all of its problems/issues by a longshot.Im probably not the first person to say that the game experience is an engaging emotional rollercoaster. Never have I felt such a deep emotional connection to a game character(s) and felt so involved in a game's story. Im not ashamed to say that I cried my eyes out several times while playing.To fully enjoy the experience it is imperative that you use a controller for this game (I went out and bought an xbox controller just for this reason); it works with keyboard, but it is not the same thing... AT ALL.I want to write more about the game, but I'm just gonna say:Buy it.It is worth its original price (14EUR), its DEFINATELY WORTH 4.19EUR.Do it! Go buy it! I'll shut up now."
,Recommended,225080,8603875,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Roboleon,"I really enjoyed it, a sad little game that is beautifully presented and wonderfully directed by Fares. It has some interesting puzzles as well, and I quite enjoyed controlling the two brothers along the way."
,Recommended,225080,34485199,Posted: 25 August,all,Space Nib,"I'll be honest here, I like this game but I feel like it is severely lacking in many aspects.The GoodAmazing atmosphere and tone, very eerie.Characters that work in synergy, interesting secondary characters.The game creates emotion and builds a stroyline without the help of words.Camera movement is extremely fluid and supple.The NeutralThe game is very linear and doesn't foster interest in exploration.Playing with a keyboard is possible but requires very good coordination.The quality of the graphics and character movements is no better than that of the PC game ofHarry Potter and the Prisoner of Azkaban, which is from 2004. I'm kind of willing to pardon it since this game is indie, but imho opting for a simpler art style would've allowed for more fluid animation and less clunky controls.The puzzles are very simple in essence, but many of them will be hard to solve because of the clunky gameplay.The game is very short. It took me 4 hours to beat it because I'm typically a slow player. Buy it on sale only.The BadThe reason why the controls are rather clunky is because you are expected to keep the spacebar and right CTRL buttons pressed down while moving around for long periods of time, which is very impractical and contributes to the fact that you need very good coordination to play with a keyboard.The controls are also buggy. At some points, when climbing walls and other obstacles, the character would randomly fall, as though the player had stopped pressing the spacebar/CTRL even though they didn't.The game has a bunch of bugs. It happened to me once that I was stuck at some point because a necessary cinematic sequence simply wouldn't trigger until I restarted my computer. Other users have reported bugs of similar nature.Long story short, it's a good game with solid ideas but it feels old and unrefined."
,Recommended,225080,34818219,Posted: 8 September,all,Ullus,Short and sweet
,Recommended,225080,10644158,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,AirborneGamer,This game is truly amazing.  I recommend it 100%.  Little game with big heart!
,Recommended,225080,28608582,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,caubert,"First of all, this game is amazing. It's short but it really teaches you to love the two main characters and is very emotionally attaching. Alas, this is also a sad game.Gameplay / player control is easy. Ok it says controller is required and that is true. At first I had mayor difficulties with Steam Controller and it's mouse pad. But finding custom configuration for the controller helped a lot and I actually played the game through without using keyboard's help.What also amazing is VO. Characters speak in emotional language, not real. Still it's very easy to understand what is spoken - great job! And games music just fits in. Again, emotional.So, long story short. I really recommend this game.P.S. I really love that they used Unreal Engine and not something else - hint, hint. The game looks stunning."
,Recommended,225080,218685,"Posted: 9 September, 2013",all,MisterS42,"Type of Game:Third Person AdventureVersion Played:PC version through SteamSimilar Games:Ico, Lost Vikings, & to a lesser degree UnchartedThe Good:Exploration is very rewarding as the game has beautiful sceneryThe story is gripping and as good as any motion picture out thereThe control scheme (each stick controls each individual brother) really lends itself to the game in an immersive wayWonderful characters that are relatable and expressive (even the supporting cast)Puzzles are fun and not too difficult, but still give you that “AHA!” feelAn emotionally gripping game that really pulls at the heart stringsWonderful soundtrackThe Bad:Requires a controllerOver fairly quickly (2 – 3 hours)Depending on your budget it may be too expensive (personally I got my moneys’ worth hence my price point below)Can you play it while the children are awake?:For the most part, yes.  MILD SPOILERS: A certain portion of the game has some corpses hanging from trees and there is a frightening spider monster that may scare the younger ones.Did I make time to complete it?:I beat it in 3 hours and loved every minute of it.  I consider the purchase the equivalent of a movie ticket, which is almost the same price!Recommended Purchase Price:$14.99GAME REVIEWS @ A GLANCE:www.gamersglance.com"
,Recommended,225080,20151492,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,haRT3r,"10/10 because it helps my ""Perfect Games"" (100% achievements achieved) count."
,Recommended,225080,8413139,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,TraviztY ッ,"Wow, When I got this game I really had no idea what I was in for. It was on a flash sale so I picked it up to add to my collection.The graphics are great, from the enviroment to the characters themselves. The detail and artwork is just amazing. The game is definitley candy for the eye. For a game that uses body language and dialog sounding similar to the Sims games. The story really grabs you. is emotional and is easy to understand.Now the controls are a different story. I left everything at default and tried with the keyboard at first but seeing as you have to control both characters at once. The controller soon fell into my hands. The controller made this game a whole lot easier to play using the joysticks, but it still takes quite a bit of hand eye corrdination to get it downWith about 3 - 4 hrs of gameplay total it had me hooked for the entire session. Definitly worth the full price even though I got it on sale.Highly Recommended."
,Recommended,225080,24061387,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,'b,"Positive:- Beautiful scenery (seriously, the character models might not be so impressive but the environment is stunning)- Nice music (a great atmosphere is created in conjunction with the scenery)- Fun and non-frustrating puzzles- Interesting controls- OK storyNegative:- Game is relatively short (perhaps 2-4 hours)- Controls can be tricky to get used to (especially if you're playing alone)- Not much of a challenge- Story is not as fantastic as other reviews seem to make it out to beConclusion:While the storyline is nice and tear-jerking, the scenery, music and game-play is what made this game for me. The world created for the Brothers is the major selling point! The story is OK at best, unfortunately. Not the most creative or mind blowing, but not mediocre either. Furthermore, the controls are creative but also confusing at the same time.When playing with a controller, you control each brother separately using the two analogue sticks and trigger buttons. Sounds simple enough, right? Yes, until you mistakenly let go of the wrong trigger button and one brother goes plummeting to his death. No biggie. However, I played this game twice: once alone and once with my girlfriend. When playing with a friend this becomes a much more enjoyable experience. Each player can take control of one brother by sharing a controller: one analogue stick and trigger button each. This basically nullifies control confusion. So grab your significant other and buckle down for a pleasant few hours!If you want to spend a few hours playing a very casual puzzle-platformer with great scenery then this is the game for you! Having said that, I wouldNOTpay full price for this game. Wait for a sweet deal and grab it then.If you enjoyed this review please follow me on mycurator page. Your time and support is greatly appreciated!"
,Recommended,225080,1547309,"Posted: 4 September, 2013",all,noibn,"I'll cut right to the chase on this one - this game is amazing. Seriously, like, really good. But if you're still on the fence, or want more details, read on...You play as two brothers, who you control at the same time using one controller (single player co-op, essentially). The left stick and left trigger button control the older brother's movement and all-purpose ""action"" ability, respectively, and the right stick and trigger similarly handle the younger brother's actions. For the first couple of minutes, controlling both characters simultaneously feels a bit awkward, but it quickly becomes second nature. The game does a nice job of easing you into the controls. Gameplay mainly consists of some basic platforming and solving puzzles using cooperation between the brothers. Brothers is not a challenging game whatsoever, and the path you take from start to finish is pretty much linear. On paper, those two things may seem like negatives. However, in conjunction with the rest of the experience, I felt the mechanics and ease of gameplay worked perfectly. This is not a game one plays for a challenge. It is a journey you take, experiencing the story of these brothers, in their quest to find a cure for their ailing father. This game is all about that journey, and experiencing the amazing sights and sounds of each new area and challenge that the brothers face. To add any significant amount of frustration to that experience would have been a huge disservice to the game. It feels just perfectly balanced exactly as it is. And that is all I am going to say (to get into any more specifics would defeat the purpose of experiencing it for yourself).Brothers can be completed in roughly 3-4 hours. Even though that's not a lot, I felt it was just about right. What you get out of this game is well worth every penny, even with the short length. This is, of course, assuming that you are into these sorts of low key, emotional game experiences. If that's not your cup of tea, you may want to skip it. But for anyone else, if you are at all open to these sorts of games, you absolutely must play this at some point (though I would recommend sooner than later, so as to avoid getting inadvertently spoiled).Technical notes: On the store page for this game, it states that a controller is required. While technically that isn't true (there are settings for keyboard in the launcher options), there IS a reason it says that. I really, really, REALLY do not recommend playing this without a controller. The wired Xbox360 controller works natively with no problem, but I would assume anything with two analog sticks and left/right triggers should be fine. The game was clearly designed around using a controller, and I just don't see how using a keyboard could possibly replicate that ""zen"" experience of becoming one with the controls well enough. But hey... do whatcha gotta do."
76561198065289104,Recommended,225080,19662638,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,Vanille,"Disclaimer: I have beat the game and have all of the achievements.This was an enjoyable game. The mechanics were interesting and something I haven't seen before. You control two brothers at the same time. They must work together to progress through the game. There is no English, or any known language for that matter, in this game. Surprisingly, this doesn't keep you from fully grasping the story. The brothers set out on a grand adventure, and you watch them grow emotionally, especially Little Brother.This game will give you the feels. It has a very touching story. Another surprise, the game had some pretty dark spots which I very much appreciated.I would highly suggest adding this to your wishlist and grabbing it on the next sale."
,Recommended,225080,16038403,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Bouma,"A very charming game, I highly recommend this one to everybody. It requires a controller to play but that is half the fun. The left side of the controller is for the older brother while the right side is the younger brother. This makes the puzzle solving a bit more interesting in that a few times I found myself mixing up the buttons resulting in one brothers unfortunate death.This game has a lot to offer though even in the limited 3-4 hours it takes to complete the game with all the achievements. The story and characters are extremely likable and recognizable even though the language they use is completely imaginary. The art really got me too, there are these benches you can sit down in to observe the surroundings in a wide view; and I often hesitated to move on in the levels just to spend a few minutes taking in the scenery.People of all ages will enjoy this game, so check it out if you ever get the chance."
,Recommended,225080,12825920,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,dangerhighdoltage,"More than a beautiful and endearing game.  It's quite clever in how it ties in the surroundings, story, and gameplay.  And do have fun on all the benchs.  The dual character control in one controller takes some getting used to, but is not difficult.  My only complaint is that the puzzles were a little on the simple side.  If you've played Tomb Raider, then you'll breeze through it.  Take your time to enjoy the scenery, though. So much effort was put into making this game, I felt bad I got it on sale. Well worth the asking price."
76561198045394847,Not Recommended,225080,27591715,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,DarkSkyViking,"I guess this is ok if you like this kind of game.  Turns out I don't.  Bought it on sale based on John Bain's recommendation.  At some point I guess one gets sucked into the story so much that it really has an affect on you (like reading a good book), but alas, I didn't get there before completely losing interest.  Can't recommend it, but if it's on a really good sale and you know what you're getting into, it's probably an oustanding value."
,Not Recommended,225080,30949238,Posted: 4 April,all,Dang,"The game is not bad, it's a mixed bag. It is certainly extremely overhyped. The story is painfully cliche and the characters are at the very least boring. On the other side the game is gorgeous and there are a few pretty nice gameplay moments. But I can't recommend the game, it's way too short, the gameplay most of the time devolves to running forward (the puzzles are laughably easy) and in the end I didn't feel involved. The music is good but the music alone can't fill the emotional emptyness that the story of this game provides. Also there are some keyboard problems so I recommend using a controller.Edit: Spelling"
,Recommended,225080,8350884,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Zodiac,البساطة هو سر نجاح هاللعبة الجميلةقصة درامية مشوقة بأحداثهاأسلوب لعب فريد من نوعه مليء بالأفكارتستحق التجربة.
76561197984428592,Recommended,225080,13969046,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Sigrosa,HEEEEEEHEE HEEE HEE HEEEHEE HEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEHEE HEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEEE
76561197972636851,Not Recommended,225080,29108667,Posted: 7 January,all,Woz,"Really torn on this but at full asking price it has to be a NO, completed the ""story"" in 2.5 hours and 100% all achievements in under 40 hours total.Really good visuals, world, the story is interesting and the interplay between the brothers is well done but it is no sad at all like people claim. End of the Walking Dead game season 1 was sad and really hit you hard, or even To The Moon. This was just .. meh. I was not emotionally invested.The puzzles are simple and you should never find yourself reaching for a solution guide. One huge annoyance is that when you play through again to 100% you are unable to skip the constant cutscenes... really?I got this either bundled or dirt cheap in a flash sale, sure only a couple of $. At that price it is well worth it but at full price too little for too much imho"
76561197996843143,Recommended,225080,10841169,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,CrayZ,"Best boss fight I ever ecountered!!!:)Seriously, the game have a great way of storytelling and the fairy tale is so Dark and emotional, it suprised me in my guts.It is definitely worth your time and effort, although the difficulty isn`t hard there are some clever and fun achievements to do.The only thing i would like to see would be two separate game endings and couple of different choices to have during playthrough to support another one.However, it could be, because I did not want to end it like this:))9/10"
76561197961978153,Recommended,225080,10817577,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Maz,"Fantastic game. Control scheme took a minute to get used to (requires a controller), but it is absolutely a party of the experience. I highly reccommend this game to anyone that enjoys a good story."
,Recommended,225080,10822891,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,forktails,"TL;DR: Get this game and play it in one sitting. You will not regret it. This is a work of art. 95/100 does not come easily.Plot: Two brothers set off on a journey to find a magical medicine in order to cure their very ill father. This journey throughout this fantastical world takes them to many places, many scenes and environments, and they meet many people in their attempt to find the magic cure.I purchased this game as an afterthought. I had some extra cash and 2 bucks sale price is good for a game I heard was good. Where I heard that, or when, I have no idea. I started off and was immediately impressed at how fluid the controls were. Very simplistic. One analog stick and trigger for the younger brother, and another set for the older brother. I feel the game is best played with a controller, but I won't stop you from using KB + M.Controls: 25/25The play itself is quite linear. There is a set path to be taken to the set destination. I'm not going to detract many points for linear play, because they pull it off very well and it fits in with the story. The mechanics are fairly straightforward, one button for ""Interact."" The puzzles were towards the easier side and involved one the brothers doing independent things to advance on their journey. The gameplay was enjoyable and very smooth. Aside from the linearity, there were some 'side quests' that offered no actual benefit, but were fun and felt worth doing regardless.Gameplay: 22/25The graphics and art style are phenomenal. I was blown away by the detail of the enironment and the cutscenes. The plant life, the skies, the clouds, the mountains, the snow. Every bit was very impressive. I don't care if my dude is dangling from a rope several hunred feet in the air, I just really want to look at the mountains. It's not attempting to be hyper-realistic, it's more cartoony, and I feel that it pulls it off extraordinarily.Graphics: 23/25The atmosphere was really engrossing in this title. The music added so much to the tone and the entire soundtrack is amazinga adds so much to the experience. Another part of the atmosphere is the environmental aspects are the fauna and the various background elementS really add to the entire experience. I don't want to name any so as to dampen your experience stumbling upon them, but they are great.Atmosphere: 25/25So in conclusion, I very much enjoyed this game and I think that most everyone will. I strongly recommend that you buy it."
,Recommended,225080,10893532,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,jazzmatazz,"Uau ! Ótima mecânica, história envolvente e uma estética maravilhosa.O jogo é simples, mas em nenhum isso momento o deprecia. Sem usar nenhuma palavra, Brothers é capaz te prender à narrativa de uma ótima forma, com destaque à trilha sonora mais relacionada à natureza e ao emocional da história.Os puzzles poderiam ser mais difíceis, mas o foco do jogo é outro: te fazer explorar o controle dos personagens (metade do controle comanda o irmão mais velho e a outra o irmão mais novo) e fazê-los trabalhar em equipe.O jogo também é um pouco curto, mas vale cada segundo. 10/10"
,Recommended,225080,7547847,"Posted: 2 November, 2013",all,Khali,"Amazing and touching fable taking place in a masterfully done, beautiful world of myths and legends. One of a few titles that can empower narrative with a game controller."
76561198009893444,Recommended,225080,13696551,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Wezzor,"This game is easily my game of the year for 2013. What first looked to me like a small-time indie game that probably wasn't worth my time ended up being one of the most phenomenal titles I've ever played.This game tells an engaging story without a single word of spoken English; characters speak complete gibberish yet still convey emotion incredibly. It's only a 2.5-3 hour experience but it doesn't need to be any longer, it's the perfect length to finish in a single sitting and you will never feel that it has outstayed its welcome. The level and puzzle design is perfectly done, you should never need to think overly hard and you should always have a good idea of where you're meant to be going and what you're meant to be doing.Graphically the game really holds its own. I can see this title being one of those timeless games that never quite looks outdated visually; it's bright, colorful and charming. It should also be noted that the control system is unusual but not bad at all, you control each brother with a separate analog stick and bumper and it works perfectly that way. Also, that's me recommending that you play this game with a gamepad, the keyboard controls work but are nowhere near as comfortable.If you have any taste in games at all you should purchase this game, lock yourself away from any distractions, pick up your gamepad and play through this game in a single sitting. You won't regret it."
76561198014890772,Recommended,225080,13641442,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Prince Vegeta,This game... It was... It's just... I feel like... *sigh*9/10 (if it were longer I'd give it a perfect 10)
,Recommended,225080,21216157,"Posted: 14 February, 2016",all,=NF=Von_Lipwig,"Very inventive controls and really great worldbuilding. The environments were all really beautiful and interesting and the way you move through them was surprising throughout.I wasn't as emotionally invested as some people seem to have been, but the story works nonetheless and the controls and environments were enough to leave me with a very positive impression of the game. The game becomes increasingly surreal as you progress through it, and it made the world this takes place in really interesting. I would absolutely love to get more background information about some of the things I saw in the game.The great thing is that the game doesn't tell you anything through text or dialogue. The dialogue that's there is all in a made-up language, and there's nothing to read. Instead, the game SHOWS everything and it does a very good job at that. Everything is clear enough to get from A to B and solve the puzzles without many problems, but vague enough to remain mysterious.The controls are also a pretty good point about the game. A controller is basically a must. Each brother is controlled by one of the analogue sticks, and each has an interact-button. You control both brothers at the same time, and... it just works really well. All the puzzles are easy enough to grasp within a few seconds but still require some finesse to get right. Even so, the game isn't really about the puzzles so much as about the story and the two brothers from the title.The game takes about 3 hours to complete, perhaps a bit longer if you try to get all the achievements, which are basically just tiny extra bits of story that can be really good in their own right.I would definitely recommend this. It's not a game you can sink countless hours in, but it's definitely worth the trouble of picking up and playing through at least once."
,Recommended,225080,15223167,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,qu,"TL;DR: Great and beautiful, but short game, 8/10The environment is beautiful to look at, you can see they put a lot of effort in it. The game play is also very creative, you'll need a controller so that you can control the brothers individually per joystick. The storyline is also very emotional. i recommend this game because you don't see a lot of games like this, and no matter which genres and games you like or dislike, you will love this one.What i disliked is that its a pretty short game, i would love to see more from the developers."
,Recommended,225080,27769859,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,SirFluffyBuns073,"Typically I have issues completing story games, but this game kept me interested from start to finish. This game manages to tell a great story in very little time with no words actually being spoken in the game. The way that the control scheme is used to enhance the story is something I have yet to see replicated in any other game. Definitely worth the price in my opinion."
,Recommended,225080,27359130,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,FeelsChromosomeMan,"I'M NOT CRYING, THERE'S SOMETHING IN MY EYE"
,Recommended,225080,20495100,"Posted: 12 January, 2016",all,cheapet50,"This game bring back my older brother to life.altough he is cool, he made one wrong decission that brought him to his death.for my brother, rest in peace :'-("
,Recommended,225080,9014625,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,A4 twitch.tv/a4_y0shi,"Magnificent, beautiful, anyone who has played this game knows the moment where your emotions are being twisted to wring out a towel. There is no english dialogue, however the storytelling in this game rivals and if not better than many blockbuster titles out here. I recommend this masterpiece of a game to every homeboy and homegirl looking for a fun time."
76561198071014601,Recommended,225080,18755224,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,Dicktator815,"Unique gameplay (playing both brothers at the same time with a controller, surprisingly not that difficult and in fact particularly enjoyable), outstanding music, breathtaking landscapes and artwork... A little gem that will bring tears to your eyes - literally -. Prepare for the ultimate journey of feels"
,Recommended,225080,8771124,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,|FK|bl0m5t3r,"this must be the best journey i've ever experienced in a game, such a great and touching story. Amazing visual style, at moments certainly one of the most beautiful games i've ever played, particulary the aurora part was just too gorgeous. Next to that the music is great, very suiting for the situations and last but not least the controls are quite unique. While i've had my little strugles with the controls, overal it works nice and its amazing how you can control 2 characters on the screen at once.i truly recommend this game for anybody who loves a good and touching story driven game with the main playing focus on relatively simple platforming and puzzle solving. 9/10 for me.sidenotes:steam only shows 1 hour of playtime, sadly it didn't record my main play session. for this reason i didn't get the achievements either while i did most of them.. ahh well .. it happensadditionally if you use a controller other then a 360 controller, check x360ce. a controller remapper that works great, i used it to make my logitech cordless rumblepad 2 behave like a 360 controller. Without a controller, this game will be a lot less fun."
,Recommended,225080,24421827,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,sya-0000,"Simple, Short, Emotional.the game doesnt have hard puzzlesits not longand the game mechanics are not big.you may think these things are bad but for this game they are exactly how they should be.it fits a quite journey of two kids.if you are looking for something that touches you and short enough for a quick play.go for it.as for me, the game ended and i felt fulfilled."
,Recommended,225080,20246762,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,FleetCommand,"Brothers - A Tale of Two SonsBrothersis a not-too-long story where you control two characters simultaneously with one controller. I picked it up at the Steam Winter Sale on a 90 % discount. I'll be honest: I would not have bought the game for full price. The reason is that I already had my premade opinion based on other reviews and looked like this:""Okay, it's a nice-looking game, but it puts the emotions directly in your face instead of letting them build up inside you on their own.""I am sorry to admit: I was right.Great things about to happenLoved the visuals and I'm in love with the soundtrack! The music you hear in the trailer featured on the Steam Store Page is one of my favorites for sure!You will encounter puzzles. Not too hard puzzles, won't really make your brain melt, but that's not the point. The game does not want to stop you, it wants to guide you through a story. It wants you to live the story as your own. By the end of the game, you really look at the two brothers as heroes.But oh well...But yes, this supposed to be a critical review where I should point out that the game is not perfect. During the playthrough I managed to fell through platforms, been witnessing the thing I was carrying in my hands go under the terrain. Managed to mount a bird in a way where one brother was sitting in the air.Unfortunately lot of the puzzles felt like their only purpose in the existence is to provide a puzzle. When a player encounters a puzzlehe or she should feel that""okay, I shall get through here and I need to figure out how""instead of""why on earth did they put here this lever since there's no point having it here at all except that they want me to pull it"". And that's not right.TL;DRGet the game. Great soundtrack, great art design. However, If you know yourself as someone who don't like big ""cry here"" or ""feel sorrow here"" signs around your journey, wait for a sale."
,Recommended,225080,8801299,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,ashen,"What an amazing game. The puzzles are easy, but the fact that you control both brothers with one controller is brilliant. The story has no dialogue to speak of, yet it grips you in a way that it will stay with you for days after you've beaten it. The ending was truly amazing and shocked me in more ways than just one. The game is short as well, but I feel that I truly experienced something gripping when I had finished it. I recommend this game completely."
,Recommended,225080,8701075,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Midnight Golfer,"A story about two juvenile delinquents who go around town and destroy property, harrass animals, and free convicted criminal monsters while their poor father is visiting the chiropractor with a bad back.I like how the devs added in benches so the players will sit down and take a minute to revel in how pretty the game is. LOOK UPON MY GAME, IS IT NOT PRETTY? DO YOU LOVE IT? DO YOU LOVE ME? PLEASE LOVE ME DEAR PLAYER I'M SO PRETTY. But it's cool, it is a pretty pretty game.53/10"
,Recommended,225080,26973539,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,crimethink,"This game hit me right in the feels, like few other games have done. If you have a sibling, it will likely do the same for you. It's definitely a contender for The ""I'm Not Crying, There's Something In My Eye"" Award."
,Recommended,225080,10795086,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,My Revolution,"Cute graphic and quite a nice story, its a nice thing just to play through once"
,Recommended,225080,10316652,"Posted: 1 June, 2014",all,g0vi,"One of the greatest game experiences I have come across in a long time. The game goes above and beyond what you pay for.Bullet points usually get read over paragraphs:Pros:-Game doesn't hold your hand with how to control characters or how to get through obstacles. Instead excellent design gets will be enough to get you through this game-Simply stunning visuals.-Emotion is carried out extremely well without any dialogue.-Puzzles are very innovative and fun.-Variety of environmental hazards and visuals keep the game fresh.-Zero GUI elements make gives the game a clean and simplistic feelCons:-Puzzles can be a bit too easy.-Game length may be a bit short, however the price you pay for the game reflects thatBottom Line: A must play for any gamer, you'll leave the game with some personal emotional impact. This game does right what a lot of other games do wrong, and that is excellent design to guide the user rather than overbearing on screen instruction. Get this game and give it the attention it deserves, turn off all distractions and play it through to the end."
,Recommended,225080,10983601,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,[USF4Revival] pmf026 (icanhazGG),THREE HOURS LONG SAD GAME! But its was good.
76561197970594868,Recommended,225080,9743806,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,Rob den Dekker,"Great story telling in solid, original gameplay. Gorgeous environments and lovely music."
76561197993332388,Recommended,225080,9721092,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Malice,"This game is, by far and away, the best indie game I have ever played, and easily lands in the top ten for games overall. Absolutely fantastic story and direction, great soundtrack, amazing visuals...just an incredibly tight game, all around. Short and sweet, but delivers a punch...in a good way. I cannot recommend it more. 5/5, two enthusiastic thumbs up!"
,Recommended,225080,9782479,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,woodiland,"Brothers - A Tale of Two Sons---ABOUT---In this Indie-Action-Adventure we follow the story oftwo brothers, whom recently lost their mother ina tragic accident. And now they are faced with a newalarming situation, their father is ill and will soon die.The two brothers sets out on a adventure to recovera magic three juice that will save their father.---REVIEW---To start of, this is one of the prettiest indie gamesI have ever played. The graphics and art design isreally outstanding, and I found myself stopping upfor a brief period of time to just look at thescenery. Some of the scenery just left me in awe,it's a really unique world and the graphical stylefrom the landscape to the creatures in this gameis really wonderful.The world in this game is truly stunning.The audio is also getting a huge thumbs up from me.A huge variety of fantastic sound effects and asoundtrack which really fits inn with the situationsyou encounter in this game and the world we'retaking part of.The gameplay is special, creative and fun. I will note tho,that a game controller IS required to play this game, and Iwill explain why. In this game you control both of the twobrothers at the same time, the way they did this was dedicatingone of the two analog sticks to each of the brothers and oneshoulder button to each of the brothers. With the left analog stickand shoulder button you control the eldest brother, and with theright analog stick and shoulder button you control the youngest.This is a really fun and creative way to do this, and often bringsorientation difficulty during some situations. When the two brotherscross over to the opposite side of the screen from each other,the control sheme stays the same, so the controls in a waybecomes inverted. It's a fun challenge and I found myselfduring some situations just stopping up to get my orientation stright.The game combines this special control aspect of the game withsome intriguing puzzles, which will require some multitasking.None of the puzzles is especially hard to do, but they were funand creative. Tho because the game developers went for the choiseof giving this world an imaginary language, and not speciallymuch written text at all, there were a few situations I was lostas of what I was supposed to do, but not for long.As for the story in this game, it's really good. You'll get immersedin this world and continue adventuring to try finding a cure foryour dying father. You'll encounter some really dark situations inthis game, dark emotional situations, some of the situationsyou encounter might get to you and make you just think overwhat just happened. It's not a tale of happy rainbows and chocolate,it's a mature journey which will bring up subjects like death, suicideand the strong bond between two brothers.I spent approximately 3.1 hours completing this game, so it's notespecially long, and because this game really doesn'tbring much replay-value into it, I find the price tag of 14€ tobe a tiny bit too much, to be honest. But, this is an exceptionallybeautiful and mature tale of two brothers, in one of the prettiestgame worlds I've seen, so the 14€'s was worth it.---SCORE---I will pull some points off from ""Value"", because of short game timeand little to none replay-value.Graphics: 9.5/10Audio: 9.0/10Gameplay: 9.0/10Story: 9.0/10Value: 7.0/10Score: 8.7/10"
,Recommended,225080,18996030,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Lindor_ (Twitch),"A beautiful and emotional experience, from story to landscapes to music. The puzzles are not too challenging, but it's still so creative, and everything works so smoothly that it's a joy to solve them. I just wish I'd read the achievements before I played... I could've had it all!"
76561198062327676,Recommended,225080,23380294,"Posted: 4 June, 2016",all,wolfeater,"If you play games for the story, you gotta play this one. No comprehensible dialogs but the characters' movements and gestures tell everything. Brings you all sorts of emotions: awe, joy, fear, sorrow, disgust, bewilderment...Visually takes you from peaceful Nordic villages, mountaintop castles, underground mines, snowy wilderness, all a sight to behold (and there are garden chairs at ideal positions to let you do just that).Subtle in its delivery yet sucks you in, and still has surprises along the way.Play it, preferably using a joypad with dual analogs."
76561198050816209,Recommended,225080,19716634,"Posted: 15 December, 2015",all,Dank Meloners,"The game is really short that can be completed within 2 hours to 4 hours but what the game lack in length it possess a great storyline. You'll laugh with the brothers, get frustrated with the brothers and cry with the brothers.I still can't get over the ending it brings tears to my eyes"
,Recommended,225080,9147067,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,EE Should Retire From Dota,"This is the Steins;Gate of video games. It may not be long, or that much fun actually; however the experiences that you will obtain from letting yourself enter this games world is unparallel to that of any game that I have played in a long time. The only time I can recall having a game feel this fresh and new is when I first started playing games back in grade school fifteen years ago. Moments in this game don’t try to “wow” the player, they don’t try to trigger a dopamine rush; they just make the player have emotion. This game bridges the game between story narrative and player driven activity. Brothers- A Tale of Two Sons shows that video games can in fact become art at its truest from, and must be experienced by all."
76561198010856457,Recommended,225080,13628247,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Sermonator,Got this in the Steam Sale for circa £1 and at that price it is excellent value.Simple game play with a great story line but needs a controller.Completed it on boxing day playing with my youngest daughter.At £1 it gets a big thumbs up for a chill-out easy puzzle game with great cinematics.
76561198092444616,Recommended,225080,23973025,"Posted: 30 June, 2016",all,Dinguin Farster®,A short adventure that is more memorable than any AAA title I have played in recent times. I highly recomend it.
,Recommended,225080,8723498,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,atleast0,"Stop reading this and go get this game!  You'll need a controller.  I'll wait.  Still here?  This is a twin stick adventure/puzzle game.  One stick controls the big brother and the other the little brother.  Your father is sick and you go on an adventure to save him.  You'll see amazing sights and experience a wonderful tale of two brothers without a single line of dialog.  You'll feel accomplished, but never frustrated, as a great game unfolds before you.  It'll only take you 3-4 hrs to have this great experience.  Check it out."
76561198011390437,Recommended,225080,10786889,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Mikhail MechHitler,"This is a great game, it's short, I sat down and knocked it out in one playthrough that took about three hours. Its got great music and the artwork is what makes the game. Good story too, just beware, it contains lots of the feels. Overall enjoyed the game!"
,Recommended,225080,10101855,"Posted: 13 May, 2014",all,The Boy,What a beautiful experience. A simple but compelling story which is told through motion and intuition. An interactive experience with true emotive depth. The interaction was the like of which I've never had before. Play it. Now.
,Recommended,225080,23981856,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,.Frost.,"A beautiful game with a story line fit for a movie. It is truely an amazing tale of the unfairness of life and how two brothers over came them . Everything is a gamble in life and this game shows that no outcome is truely without consequence.The graphics are creative and diverse, from mountain tops, to tree forests, to the depths of caves and water. This game brings to life an epic journey through its amazing artwork. Lastly the sound (music and voices) are not overly done, by being subtle in the background. This lets the visuals shine and be the true show case of the story telling.I highly recommend this game for its amazing ability to tell a story of life, with it's realism and understanding, without becoming predictable or boring.  Congratulations to the developers and I wish more games were this memorable and immersive!I give this 5 out of 5 Beers!Cheers,Frost"
,Recommended,225080,10388481,"Posted: 7 June, 2014",all,Wakkachikka,"graphics are ok, story is good.the most amazing part is gameplay. you need to control two brothers at the same time, this game is DESIGNED for xbox controller so don't even try it with a keyboard, you will miss so much.  controls are fluid, it feels like a poetry and in the end it gets even better.i really can't explain it without spoilers but in the end of the game it was a truly transcendent experience for me, i almost cried. i haven't thought you can express so much only through controls. people who like ICO/Shadow of Colossus/Papo&Yo/To The Moon/ will certainly enjoy this little gem."
,Recommended,225080,25771719,"Posted: 29 September, 2016",all,Ark,"Weird game to be honest, not a usual type of genre i would play, however after playing this, it really makes me want to play similar games, as this couldnt keep the fun going long enough.The only bad point about this game is it's length but i got it for $1 through Humble Bundle so i am not complaining.Everything else is brilliant, from the artstyle to the gameplay mechanics. Really intuitive, therefore i would hightly recommend this game to anyone wanting a nice story..."
,Recommended,225080,10778800,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,seriosbrad,"One of the most original, emotional and immersive games I've ever played.  It's up there with Journey on the Playstation.  You will not be disappointed.  Works best with a game pad with twin-stick controls. It's made it into my top 5 games."
,Recommended,225080,10519034,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Last Round,"This game is absolutely amazing, it has fascinating story and designed beautifully, you're going to find yourself taking print screens every step of your progress..It's sort of puzzle game while you control 2 characters simultaneously.The game mechanics are just something you've never seen before, bet on that.It's a short game, you can complete the whole story in 3 hours but even so it's totally worth the money.There's 1 word to describe this game: UNIQUE!My score: 10/10"
,Recommended,225080,26338944,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,TheXGamer,Relatively short but it's one of the few games that actually made me cry at the end. Has great story and great twist. Would highly recommend for anyone who likes story-driven games.
,Recommended,225080,10992337,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Marick2Die,"Brotherhood and adventure overwhelmed me as I ventured through this vast land of giants and folklore. The sheer scale of the world and its beautiful intricacies are enough to be worthy of your time playing, but the pure originality and phenomenal game mechanics are the true gems of this game. You progress through the land controlling both brothers simultaneously, which at times is tedious and would steer many away from playing. However, once you get the hang of handling your characters, you will become emersed in a realm that you've likely never experienced before. Certain points along the storyline possess genuinly original puzzles that will leave a lasting impression of ""Brothers - A Tale of Two Sons,"" inspiring a sense of accomplishment as you discover their secrets on your own.I highly reccomend this title to anyone looking for an emersive experience in a game unlike any you've ever played. The story is told without dialect and the challenging mechanics cannot be copied, which draws in your focus and at times makes you feel as the characters do -- in sadness, joy and accomplishment alike.Graphics - 10Story - 8Cutscenes - 9Gameplay - 10Overall - 9.5"
76561198026101022,Recommended,225080,26217878,"Posted: 25 October, 2016",all,Trollskum,"Set in a Nordic landscape you will follow two brothers in their journey and struggle to find a cure for their sick father. It's a beautiful game with a gripping story to tell rather than giving you a challange.I would recommend you using a controller/gamepad though because you will need to take controll of both the brothers at once so two yoysticks is appreciated.Pros:+ Beautiful and atmospheric enviroment based on nordic mythology.+ Nice graphic+ Fun and not so hard puzzles.+ Fun to controll two characters at the same time and make them help each others.+ It's a cozy little game you may finnish in one sitting.+ Feels like watching a movie (in a good way)Cons:+ Sometimes the ""voices"" can be kind of disturbing+ A little to shortEven though it's kind of short I still think it's well worth the money I paid. And if your wallet still sadly doesen't agree or you believe around 3-4 hours playtime isn't worth full price be sure to pick it up on a sale later!8/10"
76561198344828150,Recommended,225080,31727115,Posted: 13 May,all,elfdrow,"this is one of those rare gems.the story is quite complex. ranging from a sense of normality, a feeling of everyday life in one chapter. a sense of adventure, filled with thrills on another. and a deep feeling of sadness in others.the controls and gameplay are certainly an innovation. controlling both brothers at the same time is quite fun.if you like challenges, or a truly emotional story. this is the tittle for you"
76561197962972860,Recommended,225080,8710289,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Slayer_The_Player,"A Masterpiece !!!!I've never played a 3 hours 3d adventure game so beautiful, diverse and emotional as this one. The graphics are stunning and the artstyle is very inspired and serene. Some landscape are truly beautiful and make the world alive.The game keep suprising you by how diverse it is. Your journey will lead you in the mountains, in the mines, a creepy forest, abandoned city etc.. There is a lot of creativity in each obstable to overcome. You will mostly wont use the same solutions twice to overcome those obstacles.It will keep you engaged throught it simple yet effective plot and it subplots.The chemistry between the characters are great.  A real rollercoaster of emotions. It will make you happy, it will make you sad and it will leave you speechless once over.Overall it a masterpiece that deserve it place among Ico and Journey."
,Recommended,225080,13762669,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Hercules,"A journey to remember.Based in a world that emits warmth and grandeur, Brothers is a rollercoaster.I laughed, I cried, I felt. This game really gets in your head, you're comfortable with it, you accept it.This game is a walk on a bright, new Sunday morning: you rarely get to experience one, but when you do, you remember it.I wish I had never played this game, so I could play it again.10/10, A testament to video games."
,Recommended,225080,9774135,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,FadedTeleTubby,"Hands down one of the best indie titles I've played. Beautiful, engaging and emotional game with interesting puzzles a gameplay. It creates a unique and fascinating world, moves you, and keeps you entertained the whole way through."
,Recommended,225080,25449310,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Benny De Bever,"Damn this game hits you right in the feels.Sure, the 2 player mechanics may be awkward at times but they really incorporate the controls into the story.Definitely a must-play for anyone with a 360 controller."
,Recommended,225080,33426273,Posted: 10 July,all,Endyo,"Brothers – A Tale of Two Sons is an experience, first and foremost.  It's a story told without words through the medium of a well crafted game.  One that you may identify with, or one that at least resonates with the general nature of humanity.   That's all before you even get to the reality of the mechanics having the player control two characters simultaneously with an analog stick dedicated to each.  Which ends up creating some of the most imaginative gameplay of its time.It's important to identify Brothers for what it is up front for those that may not be compelled to 'experience' game rather than simply play it.  You'll take control of two brothers set out on a journey in the same vein as other adventure games.  You can do little else in the process but guide them to various positions where they can hit triggers to perform other actions, such as climbing, turning a crank, or moving an object.   Each brother has specific traits, such as the older one being taller and stronger and the younger being smaller, which is advantageous for getting in to tight spaces.  These traits will be used in a variety of ways, both separately and together, to solve puzzles that you come up against in your progression through the game.  That is what you're actually going to be doing from start to finish.  It's not particularly difficult in any respect, once you figure out how to control both brothers at the same time effectively, it's more a matter of being able to solve puzzles that, by design, won't leave you struggling.However, Brothers exists less to be a demo of a neat control scheme and more to tell a story of two siblings set out to find a cure for their father's sickness.  Their journey has them meeting all sorts of friendly, indifferent, and sometimes vicious characters that weave their way in to the story and the expedition.  As you navigate through the town in which you start and move further and further from your home, you find increasingly majestic and mysterious lands that sometimes fill your screen with strange creatures or grand visages.  Each corner you turn could be a whole new realm more spectacular than the last, and each step may lead you in to another puzzle to solve before you can dive in.You may look at the time I have played this game and the time others have as well and think it's short.  That's not an incorrect perception, but the game isn't designed to be challenging or replayable.  The developers goal seems to be for it to connect with you on an emotional level and tell a great story in a unique universe.  That may only take three or four hours of your time, but when you're finished you will have something to look back on with appreciation for being able to be a part of it.  I don't think that it would have had as much of an impact of the game was significantly longer or more difficult.Brothers – A Tale of Two Sons is a game I think anyone that finds value in a strong narrative and great environment design should purchase.  It's an old game now, but I played it well after release and still found it to be well worth the time.  Also, as far as the pricing, while it may have a base price of $14.99, it is regularly on sale for as little as $1.49.   For that price, it's worth it just to see if you are one of the many that plays this game and comes away with it making an mark in your life.If you'd like to see more of my reviews, check out my curator page here:http://steamcommunity.com/groups/EndyoGaming#curation"
,Recommended,225080,9097610,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Jragghen,"An excellent, if short, game. The game is almost entirely story, and is told without the use of words as two brothers travel through a world helping one another to pass various obstacles. The specatcle is largely the point of the game, and the graphics are suitably awe-inspiring to allow it to work. Controls can be slightly awkward sometimes, as one half of your controller controls each brother individually - there will be times where having them on the wrong side of one another will confuse you for a half second or so - but the entire game plays seamlessly and is a wonderful experience that everyone should enjoy at least once."
,Recommended,225080,9769098,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Jammerlee,"It has been a very long time since a game managed to make me cry... this one had me sobbing.Prepare yourself for this emotional rollercoaster - this game is both as beautiful and atmospheric as it is heartwrenching. Having just lost their mother to drowning at sea, and now on the verge of losing their gravely ill father, the two titular brothers set off on a surreal journey to obtain the one thing able to cure him. The story unfolds without words (at least, not words that are comprehensible), using body language, music and nuance in a manner that is masterfully handled and pulls you straight in.Gameplay, unfortunately, is where Brothers suffers. Firstly, you NEED to use an Xbox 360 controller. Each brother is controlled individually with each control stick, proving to have a steep learning curve. This essentially gives an illusion of co-op, which while visually interesting and making both of their movements feel organic (rather than an NPC programmed to follow you), it proves to be quite frustrating at first as you frequently lose track of which stick controls which brother. Another downside is that it's also quite short and can be finished in only a few hours.Atmosphere, story and visuals are this game's bread and butter. Despite the frustrating gameplay, if you're fond of games strong on story that tug at your heartstrings and leave you thinking long after the credits have rolled, I can't recommend this highly enough."
,Recommended,225080,30484433,Posted: 12 March,all,PRIYANXHU,Great Game With Fantastic Graphics!!
,Recommended,225080,30015226,Posted: 18 February,all,Mary Starling,"Brothers is a very visually pleasing game with a nice storyline. The controllers can take getting used to (the older brother is controlled with the left stick, the younger with the right) so I was constantly getting them mixed up.The game itself is easy to play and has some puzzle elements thrown in. Overall, the gameplay is short. I beat the game in around 3 hours. I did get it on sale so I am happy with what I paid for it."
,Recommended,225080,13620051,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Evangelion,"A beautifully executed tale about love, brotherhood, family and loss. Although extremely linear most of the time, it does provide some interesting choices, albeit non-significant in the long run.If you're looking for a complex adventure game, you'd probably want something else. If you're seeking a lovely interactive story with an interesting twist on gameplay then you're probably looking at the game you want."
,Recommended,225080,10167263,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,g4m3r,"Nice little gem, Brothers puts you in the shoes of two sons who need to find a special potion for their ill father, and for this they will leave together for a really short adventure (maybe too much short), between fairy locations and great dangers. The game can be described as an adventure platformer, full of environmental puzzles which must be always solved controlling both brothers, like a coop game played alone. Brothers is rather easy, you'll finish the story in about 3 hours, but the developers really nailed every aspect of it thanks to a good level design, nice graphics, very good music and excellent gameplay mechanics...in a certain way it remainded me of a masterpiece like Little Big Adventure from 1994 (20 years old!!!), so if you know or played that game back in the days, you will find a little reminiscence of it here! Good work Starbreeze!"
,Recommended,225080,19760560,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Havok16,"Give yourself 2-3 hours, sit down, and play this game!Seriously powerful stuff, two young brothers on a quest to save their dying father, controlling both at once and going through many different locations to reach a grand tree in vast distance.It is simple, short, and utter brilliance."
,Recommended,225080,19006704,"Posted: 10 November, 2015",all,Ka18a,Visually beautiful. Amazing story. One of the best games on steam.
,Recommended,225080,670143,"Posted: 4 September, 2013",all,Jayson,"Brothers is easily in my top 5 games of the year so far.Everything is well executed, from the art style, the character and world design, controls, and soundtrack. Definitely a must play, and the whole game last about 4-5 hours, but is worth every penny. This is the most beautiful game I've played in a long time, in more ways than one, and manages to tell a truly touching story that is aided by its unique control scheme.Pick it up and spread the word. If you've read this far, you definitely won't be disappointed."
76561198070527070,Recommended,225080,8331247,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,Joel Moberg,Josef Fares' best game.
,Recommended,225080,7907457,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Popato!,I have to go see a doctor now because I had an erection for more than 4 hours while playing this game
,Recommended,225080,8359693,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Griffior,"Meh.I appreciate a good story in a game, Brothers has a decent one. It has simple puzzle solving and an amazing world. The only downside to the game is that after one playthrough, there's really no point in ever playing it again. The only advice I can give is to buy it when it's on sale since it only takes 2-3 hours to complete. Don't get me wrong it's a great game, but the price isn't justified."
,Recommended,225080,305378,"Posted: 20 September, 2013",all,Bastwood,"Got heavy ICO vibes from this one. Using astounding storybook style graphics and a unique control method (that requires a gamepad) to conquer its traversal-centered puzzles, Brothers - A Tale of Two Sons is simply a wonder from start to finish. I went in with minor expectations of potential goodness, and walked away floored a couple hours later. This is game is pretty magical, and definitely one of best downloadable games to come out in 2013."
,Recommended,225080,8069994,"Posted: 16 December, 2013",all,R2D2,"As someone with a younger sibling it was very easy to immerse myself in the story and I got attached very quickly to the characters. It was beautiful, I don't even know how to describe to you. You really have to play it yourself to understand.The game itself was gorgeous, vey atmospheric. I loved the style through it all and the changes in scenery were very cool.Following on from that, the controls are a huge part of the game. They take a bit of getting used to in the beginning and I would really suggest that you use a controller, especially near the very end or you don't relly get the full effect of what's happening.So, to wrap up, this is a beautiful and heartbreaking game that had me in tears. Worth every penny."
76561197994386114,Recommended,225080,8271888,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,200% Mikkusujusu ~,"AMAZING game, pretty emotional story and visually artistic and gorgeous, this game oozes atmosphere along the lines of games like Ico, Shadow of the Colossus, and Journey (PS3).  Do yourself a favor and experience this masterpiece.  *Best played with a controller*"
,Recommended,225080,8409562,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,FerretBuster,Can't wait for a tale of two sisters.LOL.10/10
,Recommended,225080,8410968,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,bard,"It is amazing how this game can tell a simplistic (yet touching) story without saying a word, but story is not the only thing Brothers: A Tale of Two Sons has going for it, as this game also challenges your mind to multitask while controlling both brothers, which make the puzzles very interesting (allthough admittedly a little too easy). combine these two thing with great visuals, diverse levels and beautiful music and you have a match made in heaven.A great price for a great game."
,Recommended,225080,8477297,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Rainshadow,"In this day and age, I find myself increasingly frustrated and fed up with the video game industry. Maybe it's the 'ship it unfinished and patch it later' mentality, anti-consumer drm, emphasis on pre-orders with exclusive bonuses, big publishers inability to push anything that isn't a AAA military shooter, micro-transactions, you name it. I find it hard to excited about upcoming titles, and even developers that I previously thought could do no wrong (Blizzard, Bethesda, Bioware, Dice etc) are all dropping the ball in big ways. All of this makes finding a gem like this title all the more appealing.Brothers is an adventure game in which you control two characters at the same time, using both sides of your controller. This immediately makes the game feel fresh - it's almost like playing a coop game with yourself as a partner. It feels weird initially, but it works, and immediately builds a bond with both characters and the player. The controls are tight and movement is fluid and smoothly animated. Graphically, the game is stunning. While not being incredible on a technical level, it combines solid visual quality with a striking, memorable art style that creates a truly immersive and beautiful world. The landscapes are richly detailed and often have a story behind them that you can pick up if you pay attention. The environments are varied and it has an incredible sense of scale that almost reminds me of the God of War games (not that this is a button mashing gore fest, but it has that enormous scope that can make you feel very very insignificant).The characters are memorable, both the brothers and the individuals you meet along the way are loaded with personality, the animation is fluent and they are all wonderfully unique. Interestingly, not a word of English is spoken, but the expressiveness of the voice acting and the animation mean that you understand everything that is happening perfectly. The music is also memorable, the instrumentation is striking and I love the use of space and silence in the score.Initially, the only negative I could think of was the length of the game. I finished it in around 3 hours, and I took my time. I have since changed my mind - I feel that the story being told would have started to drag if it went on significantly over that, and although I wish I could play it more, the amount of gameplay they pack in is fantastic. The areas are varied and interesting, the puzzles and platforming are challenging enough so that you have to pay attention, but never so hard that you get stuck. I was initially going to write about some of the many unique moments that are part of this game, but they are probably best experienced first hand. Definately some suprise moments.Brothers has reminded me of why I love this medium. I cannot recommend this game enough."
,Recommended,225080,8056076,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Estranged2,"The first game that does tragedy so well, incorporating loss and grief in gameplay itself. It can be compared to Ico and Another World, but it's more linear and restricted than they are. Despite that the gameplay is interesting, unique, and never throws at you the same ideas - the journey of the two brothers is a very diverse and emotional experience."
,Recommended,225080,8416848,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Helicopterpizza,THE FEELS!
76561197984091969,Recommended,225080,8407370,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Dimanche,"I played this game coop with my 8 year old daughter (one on gamepad, other on keyboard) and we are having a blast!!   Although the puzzles aren't difficult in any way, the experience and visuals are extremely enjoyable."
,Recommended,225080,8419837,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Pryito,"I love this game, wish it was longer.  I wanted so much more when it was done.  But, I would totally buy it again.  Its simply beautiful and the story telling aspect of the gameplay is simply amazing.  I can't rave enough about this game.  If you don't have it, buy it.  You will not be disappointed!"
,Recommended,225080,8428059,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Luawolfie,"This is a very good game, the storytelling is amazing, even if you cant understand a word they are saying. You should probably give it a go. Don't forget to play the entire game in one sitting, it's short enough to do that but long enough to require around 4 hours.All in all I think it's well worth the money. Definitely check it out if storytelling is important to you."
,Recommended,225080,8436215,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Sir_Plebeian,Pretty cool game.The music is awesome!
,Recommended,225080,8515559,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,GROBI,"It's not a tricky game, it's a fable. Well written, phenomenal designed with an immense atmosphere. For me it was the best trip in a fantasy-world since ""Skyrim"". Everyone who's interested in art & games should play it - really an experience. Short, but impressive."
,Recommended,225080,8628742,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,dnwass,"Amazingly fun game! Nice visuals, great story. However, not a lot of replay value so for that I would give it a 9/10."
,Recommended,225080,8689029,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Nishville,Perhaps the best single player game I've ever played. So emotional! I cried a little bit at the end.
76561198011233147,Recommended,225080,7918974,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,J3ST3R,"This must be one of the most visually pleasing and emotionally touching games I have played in recent years. Top that with some very creative controls (though at times confusing) and clever platforming and puzzles and you have the recipe for this game. The only drawback to be found here is the length of the gameplay, which must be considered quite short. But what it lacks in quantity it more than makes up for in quality. It is developed by none other than Starbreeze Studios, the company who brought us games like The Chronicles of Riddick, The Darkness and most recently Payday 2. So it is safe to say that they have had some moderate success already with proven creativity. It is clear to see the Scandinavian influences in this game in the way of backdrop scenery and folklore, and even the folky chants playing in the background.The key feature in the gameplay is controlling the two Brothers at the same time to solve puzzles. Therefore it is highly recommended to use a XBOX controller while playing this. That was also the intention of the developers, seeing it was first released on XBOX Live. I haven't tried playing it on the keyboard, but I feel that would be a bit awkward. Even on the controller it can be awkward at times, especially when the character you control with the left stick is on the right and vice versa. Something just crashes in the brain when that happens.It seems to me that this might be the start of something good. There is a lot of uncovered ground here both in the gameplay idea and in the world it is set in, and hopefully Starbreeze will build on this and release an even bigger title in the future. Short or not, I do not think you can play through this game without being awed in one way or another. Definitely recommend this to anyone who loves games in general and love new experiences within their favored media. Starbreeze certainly deserves your money for making an impact on the gaming scene.I rate this game a solid 9/10!Happy gaming"
76561197960453800,Recommended,225080,7990649,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Sphax ツ,"La version française se trouve ci-aprèsAs most of the reviews here and there have already said, this is one of the most entertaining and beautiful game in its area. It's a tale where you take a part of it. Take the time to stop by at some of the bench you're going to pass through during the game. That will let you admire the very well done scenery.In the same time, let you invite by the poetry of the music, in every matter, the soundtrack is not just a music, but really a full part of the game. And in the same idea, the language used in the game is as poetic as the rest, so it’s mostly your imagination which will make the scripts ;o).Oh, also, take note that even if Steam (and the developer of the game) tell you that this game require a gamepad, it’s playable with a keyboard. You have to practice and from time to time it's not as perfect as it could be with the gamepad's joysticks but that work.Well, it's worth the full price asked (and in my humble opinion is still cheap even if it's not a long game - about 3 hours) and I think it's a nice pause to take.---------------------Comme la plupart des évaluations présentent ici et là l'ont déjà fait remarquer, c'est un des jeux les plus divertissants et beaux dans son type. C’est un conte dans lequel vous êtes entrainé. Prenez le temps de vous arrêter au niveau des bancs que vous allez rencontrer durant le jeu. Cela vous permettra d’admirer les très beaux points de vue, particulièrement bien fait.Dans le même temps, laissez-vous entrainer par la poésie de la musique, car à tout point de vue, ce n’est pas juste de la musique mais réellement une partie intrinsèque du jeu. Et dans la même idée, le langage utilisé dans le jeu est aussi poétique que le reste, c’est donc votre imagination qui fait le script/les dialogues ;o)Oh, et aussi, prenez note que même si Steam (et le développeur du jeu) indique qu’une manette est nécessaire pour jouer, c’est tout à fait jouable au clavier. Alors cela demande de la pratique et de temps en temps ce n’est pas aussi parfait que cela pourrait l’être avec les joysticks d’une manette, mais cela marche.En tout cas, cela vaut le prix demandé (et selon mon humble avis cela ne reste pas cher payé même si ce n’est pas un jeu très long – environ 3 heures) et je pense que c’est une belle pause à prendre."
76561198040924485,Recommended,225080,8123801,"Posted: 19 December, 2013",all,Everyone Rush B,"Fun puzzles, great storytelling without the use of words, and a beautiful setting. A little expensive for its length, but totally worth it on sale."
,Recommended,225080,8407651,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Henners,BUY THIS AND PLAY IT THROUGH IN ONE SITTING
,Recommended,225080,8485494,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Sucram,"Brothers really is fantastic and one of the stand out games of 2013.It’s an adventure set in a fairy tale world that flows evocatively between moments of whimsy and tragedy.   It’s a coming of age tale, it’s about bonds and friendship and loss, it is a modern Ico, conceptually simple yet beautifully crafted.You control two brothers simultaneously, each half of the controller moving one of the siblings. Interaction with the world is simple, there’s only one interaction button for each boy and there are no menus or magic or combat. Controlling each individual character is simple, but coordinating their actions in order to transverse their world is somewhat akin to trying to pat your head while rubbing your stomach.That’s not to say the game is difficult. While there are puzzles to solve, there’s little in the way of real challenge. But the game isn’t about that, it’s not about getting a high score or finding collectable items. It’s a story waiting to be told and every interaction tells part of the story.The game is essentially wordless, with a simlish like language used. Instead the story is told through the animation. As the two brothers interact with the same object their personality comes through, the care free nature of the youngest brother and the older one trying to be strong and responsible while still being a teenager.The game is only a couple of hours longs, but it’s very lean and takes you on quite a journey in in that time. It’s also a remarkably pretty game with a lovely soundtrack. There’s plenty more that can be told about Brothers but it’s really a game that deserves to be experienced."
,Recommended,225080,8636657,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,schuey7,"If you dont mind using a controller,get this no questions asked."
,Recommended,225080,34671220,Posted: 1 September,all,ULINA,"Props* Beautiffull* Gameplay ( control 2 characters with a xbox controller )* Ending* Game for achievement huntersCons* short gameGood little game, interesting gameplay , I recommend it"
76561198078498143,Recommended,225080,15366635,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Wyvern-of-the-Rising-Sun,"Hello everybody,today i wan`t to show you an interesting game.No, more than a game. It`s a journey you will never forget, if you play this game.STORYThis is the story of two Brothers on a journey to help their father.At the beginning of the story the father got ill and his sons bring him to a healer.The problem is, he know a way to heal the father but it will take a very long journey.The sons already lost their mother and don`t wan`t to loose their father, too, so they started the Journey.GAMEPLAYI never saw a gameplay like this before. You MUST have a controller.With it you controll the 2 Brothers at the same time. One with the right half and the other with the left half of the Controller. The same time! Most of the parts of this game you must do Teamwork with the Brothers to get through the game. That sounds a little bit complicated, but it is very easy to control.At the beginning it may be a little bit complicated, but after a short time you´re in and you can enjoy the game and it´s story.GRAPHICSThe Graphics are really awesome. At the beginning it is nothing special. You are in a small village, with some people, normal village life. But the more you play, the Settings gets better and better and you can see how much work it`s in this game. I don´t wan`t to spoil, that is something you must see by yourself. The World of BROTHERS got many nice details and all the characters are very well animated.MUSICThe music is wonderfull and fits great into the Game Scenes. It also supports emotional moments very, very well.ACHIEVEMENTSYes, Brothers have his Achievements, but these are special ones. Each one stands for a little situation you must find. For example, you have to make a special person dancing, or helping a Turtlemom to get her Babys back. Very nice Achievements.PERSONAL CONCLUSIONYes, this game did it. I`ve had some tears in my eyes and i´m not ashamed of it.This is more than a game. It´s like a movie or like a book. You follow the story and you laugh and cry with them. Each chapter you wan`t to know how it is going on. You can`t stop. And at the End of the Game you sit there, thinking about what you have experienced. Thanks to the Developer and publisher of this experience.It was awesome.TO YOUIf you like great storys with great graphics and music, this is for you.If you are really emotional, don´t forget the tissue. You will need it.This is really a game that should be in every collection.GreetingsWyvern"
,Recommended,225080,20321391,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,さかい Sakai,"To be honest, the first thing that caught my eye was the ability to control two characters at a time. Then after I got the game, I started the game and I have to say the atmosphere and surroundings are simply beautiful accompanied by soothing background music which is relaxing to my ears. There are bits of puzzles here and there to solve as you proceed with the story and fun part sometimes you get to do some mischieve with the little brother, for instance breaking someone's flower pot, ruining someone's garden or ruining a kid's day by throwing her ball away somewhere he/she can't reach. Its fun to be mischievious once in a while~ Although I don't do it IRL but sometimes I am pretty sure I am not the only one who thinks about doing these once in a while >:]Anyways, a short bit about controls. The controls are simple, just movements and one button to interact, BUT it might take a little time to get used to since you are using 2 characters SIMULTANEOUSLY to solve puzzle etc etc. It is not a must to use a controller but you really should as recommended on steam as  it makes controlling a whole lot easier (I tried on the keyboard first, even though its doable its rather hard and unnatural(?) on the fingers). The controls are simple but might take a little time to adapt to but once you get used to it its pretty cool.There's only one problem I have with this game, I can't understand a single word they are saying cause there are no options for subtitles. Still it doesn't change the fact that this is a really good game and you can interpret what they are saying quite easily.If you are someone like me who enjoy games with good atmostpheres, good background music, and a nice steady paced story/plot, this is a game I will recommend to you."
,Recommended,225080,29472238,Posted: 24 January,all,Croatian Identitarian,"Let me put it this way... no wait, ♥♥♥♥ that, you have to get this. First of all, it's absolutely immersive. The visuals and the soundtrack (and sound effects) are making the game INCREDIBLY immersive. Second of all, the story is beautiful. It could be made a movie. It's an epic fantasy adventure with a few plot twists and surprises, and LOTS of interesting creatures around. Third, the game's puzzles are p e r f e c t. They are neither too hard nor painfully obvious. You just need to look around for a few seconds every once in a while and the gameplay is still fluid af. And I wouldn't call it a puzzle game either, most of the ""puzzles"" only revolve around the game's unique mechanics anyway. The last thing I would like to mention is that you will most definitely feel amazing when you finish the game. Even if up to that point you weren't sure whether you like it or not, I can guarantee you that you will love the final part of the game (which is also visually, again, incredible).In short.Pros:- Amazing visuals, best at the final part of the game- Immersive sound effects- Emotional and quality soundtrack (I can't stress how good it is)- Not a single word you can understand, but a very rich and emotional story (IMPORTANT!)- Reasonable length (4-5 hours of gameplay)- Easy achievements (but best collected AFTER you finish the game so they don't distract you)- Fantasy elements (contains all kinds of creatures)- Unique gameplay mechanics- Very fluid puzzles that are neither too complex nor painfully obvious and are barely noticable.Cons:- Quite expensive (although you can get it for $4 on sales)- Short? (depending on what you want, I like them shorter) (I've said earlier, 4-5 hours)Don't be prejudiced because, trust me, you WILL love it."
,Recommended,225080,8387783,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Yooka-Laylee,"First things first: the store page isn't kidding when it says you'll want an Xbox controller or equivalent. Keyboard controls are available, but a recurring puzzle in the game requires you to rotate both control sticks which for obvious reasons becomes a major pain when you aren't using a controller.Overall, I enjoyed this game. It's the closest thing a game can get to being a movie without ceasing to be a game, and it's done quite well. The storyline's very well-written and executed, and the graphics are similarly good and styled in just the right way to boost your immersion into the story (most of the time). The controls are solid, the camera generally does its job (except when you're shimmying on top of a narrow ledge) and the puzzles are intuitive.That's not to say there aren't flaws. The graphics, being generally good, only ended up killing my immersion on the occasions theyweren't; examples include a flock of 2D bats in the glider section and footprints that appeared everywhere but where I was actualy stepping in the snowy area.Since this is a heavily story-driven game, it's linear and fairly short (still more than twice as long as your average movie, though). If there's a side path, it either joins up with the main path within a short amount of time or exists solely to provide an achievement. It's usually pretty obvious what you're supposed to do, so there isn't a whole lot of challenge to the game; if you're the kind of gamer who can't stand games that don't kill you for breathing too hard, I wouldn't pick this game up.The few times itisn'tclear what you need to do end up extremely grating by contrast; two of these particularly got on my nerves. First, there's a glider segment where your glider gets torn apart , and aiming at the nearest landmass ends up getting you killed and makes you do the entire (2 minute) glider section all over again. Second, near the end of the game there's a segment where you have to get Little Bro (who can't swim) across a body of water while Big Bro isn't close enough to help; to find the solution, you literally have to mash buttons.I also encountered several glitches, many of which forced me to restart from a checkpoint; feel free to check out my screenshot gallery for examples. (And one spoiler, though it's properly tagged.) Fortunately, they didn't happen more than once per location, and were very infrequent.Despite these flaws, I found that the game was enjoyable and worth its $5 price tag, especially since I approached the game from the perspective of it being an interactive movie."
,Recommended,225080,19522539,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,IronSmoke,Simple but AMAZING game . Great story. Its bit short but the game is a MUST BUY!!!!
,Recommended,225080,8388324,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Kent Standit,"Picked it up to test my new controller (thanks btw ^_^) just to find out that it probably was the most enjoyable game of this year.Buy this game, nuff said."
,Recommended,225080,10707531,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,More Hotpockets,"Short and sweet,Brothers - A Tale of Two Sons is one of those games that I think everyone should play.It's not a long game but it keeps your hooked right to the end.The controls are unique to say the least but you get used to them quite quickly."
,Recommended,225080,29935752,Posted: 14 February,all,cheshire.panther,"Putting an emotional part and a story aside, this is essentially a old-schoold adventure game where you are playing two characters both at the same time on their quest of finding a medicine for their ill mother. The game uses gamepad in a clever way to let you do a hell lot of complicated moves using a tight-packed control scheme and the whole gameplay is based around it. There is a good dose of exploration, a good dose of scenary porn and a lot of small puzzle solving, where some of the puzzles are based on the physics engine and some require a bit of clever thinking.The game is relatively simple and not really stressfull, and I would say it is a bit cute in a way Undertale was cute or old school adventure games like LBA were.What I like about the Borther is how pixel-perfect it is. It's like a good movie - the perfect length, the perfect directing, a perfect pacing. There is nothing that you wish to add and nothing that you wish to remove.It's a great adventure of surpisingly long length, which never makes you tired,  ends at the perfect time and leaves a bittersweet and satisfactory aftertaste that keeps you remembering it from time to time and smiling."
76561197983403642,Recommended,225080,15172804,"Posted: 2 April, 2015",all,Lyle,"The game was short and sweet, perfect for the casual player to enjoy solving puzzles and follow a good story line. Great game."
76561198123449952,Recommended,225080,15339273,"Posted: 13 April, 2015",all,kalimandzari,Amazing game.
76561198006161229,Recommended,225080,15281268,"Posted: 9 April, 2015",all,Randall,Great  game with a sad story.Its a little short but worth your time.
,Recommended,225080,14816635,"Posted: 9 March, 2015",all,𝔹𝕌ℝ𝔾𝕐,"AUDIOSoothingVISUALBeautifulDIFFICULTYChild's PlayVIBEMelancholyCRAVINGJourneyON SALEConstantPROS:There is a good chance you will finish this game in one sitting. It is easy to get invested very quickly. Gameplay is incredibly creative, and battle is not solely evasion tactics like you'd expect. Each level presents a new challenge, so there is no repetitiveness. You would think it would be hard to control two characters at once, but within minutes it was second nature. The story is told with no words, making it powerfully-poignant.CONS:It is almost nauseating how desperate the game is to tug at your heartstrings. If forced emotional investment through kicked puppies and weeping, legless orphans irritates you, don't bother installing; The gamestarts on a low note, and ends on a low note.It's got great artistic value, but that may make it a real drag. It is also very short, if you are purchasing for elapsed gameplay time, you will want to wait for this to go on sale. (My hours were racked up through completionist play.)WORTH:Brothers goes on sale all the time at a whopping 90% off! Wishlist it and wait for a sale to get it for $1.50 USD!OVERALL:I certainly believe that games can be art, but I've often questioned whether or not art can be a game. Brothers proves that there are successful marriages between the two worlds that don't land you in the ""walking simulator"" zone. It is reminiscent to the works of Team ICO, which I feel is a fitting description and the highest compliment I can pay a game.SCORE:10/10Full Review Coming Soon"
,Recommended,225080,14657460,"Posted: 25 February, 2015",all,Silson Zhang,A must play game.A great impact to my heart.A little challenge to the coordination of both hands.一个必玩的游戏。一个震撼人心的游戏。一个挑战双手协调操作的游戏。10/10  could not expect more from it!
,Recommended,225080,11184071,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,T.K.,"Amazing game, it gives you a awesome experience of game-play. Definitely worth buying and playing. :)"
,Recommended,225080,14678387,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Kempeth,"Just Yes. Wholeheartely Yes.The puzzles are very casual and the game rather short. But the art and story are beautiful and moving, making this a journey worth taking."
,Recommended,225080,10985109,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,~♥Lewy♥~,"Amazing, thats all I can say! :3 (Also they dont speak english or any other language, just in case you start searching up if its a glitch like I did ;n; )"
,Recommended,225080,19426698,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,nipple my son,"♥♥♥♥ this game, I did not sign up for this feels trip..."
,Recommended,225080,8396835,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,DroneRiff,Buy this game. It's one of those arty experiences that lets you just enjoy exploring. Well worth it.
,Recommended,225080,8397844,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,rad87gn,"Buying this game I didn't expect much.  But I'm #1 a co-op junky, and I really enjoy cool off the wall games that I don't have to shoot crap non-stop after I just played some hardcore shooters with a few friends.  This game is rated pretty high.  One of the highest of late.  I watched videos of serious gamers trying to explain why they liked it so much.  I do understand why.This game is pretty interesting.  To be played right it does require a controller (the keyboard/mouse works but not smooth like the controller.) Most hardcore gamers on a PC use keyboard/mouse with a few controller games.  (I for example only use a 360 controller for car driving games)  This game is single player and co-op in one.  But the twist is it requires a controller to control both single player co-op guys at once.  (If that makes any sense?) LOL!The graphics are great.  It's basically a single player game of 2 players you have to control that you need them both to work together.  They talk but talk nothing that makes any sense but you can understand what they are saying.  It's crazy.  The story is pretty serious.  It's extremely touching the entire time.Bring a controller, good resolution to see the graphics, a heart of gold to experience the story, and have a great gaming experience.  It's just one you have to see first hand to understand.  You won't be disappointed.  Thumbs up from me."
,Recommended,225080,8548704,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Luke,"Brothers - A Tale of Two Sons - Is a great game!  This game is fairly short but the visuals are impressive and the story is awesome!  One of the best deals I picked up during this past steam sale.  You control 2 characters (little brother and big brother) You do need a controller to play this.  Puzzles are fairly easy to figure out but again the story is so good you are almost playing an interactive movie.  Great visual storytelling and worth the play through.  It's not a difficult game and there isnt too much re playability, unless you feel like going through it for the story again :D  There is alot of emotional ups and downs during the game, one minute you feel happy about the situation and at another you are totally bummed out at certain points in thier journey!  With all that said it is definitely worth the price to buy it here on steam (especially if it's on sale).  Great Great game!"
76561197972600983,Recommended,225080,8439698,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,MasterOfUnlocking,"Wow. Just wow. If you like emotionally involving games with strong art design, unique gameplay and interesting stories you simply HAVE to play this game. Trust me. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,225080,7534468,"Posted: 31 October, 2013",all,///cl4ym4n.de >:3,"Brothers - A Tale of Two Sons is a beautiful top-down puzzle adventure developed by Swedish developer Starbreeze Studios, who are better known for rather action-heavy games such as Riddick, The Darkness, Syndicate or Payback, so it's definitely a surprise that their first non-shooter game ended up being such a lovingly crafted piece of work.The game tells the moving story of two brothers who set out on a journey across the lands to find a cure for their ailing father. While this is a pretty average story, it is presented with so much strength and emotion that it is really hard not to get touched by it. Even more so due the fact that there is no 'real' voice acting in the game apart from bits and pieces in a made-up language, so every bit of feeling and emotion the game tries to convey is is entirely transported through the fantastic soundtrack, the level design and the character acting.Although the game is based on the PC-friendly Unreal Engine, it doesn't really provide many graphics options aside from brightness, resolution and VSync, but that shouldn't hold you off because the game looks absolutely stunning regardless.The level design is fairly linear, so there is usually just one path to get from A to B, but the varying enviroments are packed with so much detail and love that it is a real pleasure to the eye to just wander around and explore all the tiny details Starbreeze has left in the game, such as a squirrel climbing a tree or bunnies hopping around. You can also sit down on any of the various benches in the levels to get a scenic view of some special spots. Absolutely fantastic.An innovation that I haven't seen in any other game yet are the gameplay mechanics as you control both brothers at once, each brother with one thumb stick on your control, so it's basically like playing a two-player co-op game - but alone. This feels extremely weird at first and will definitely put your coordination and multitasking skills to the test, but the further you get into the game the more you get used to it.The puzzles in the game make use of this mechanic in various ways and while the puzzle solutions as such generally are fairly obvious, solving them by controlling both brothers at once provides the actual challenge.PSA: Despite the fact that the store page mentions 'Notice: Brothers - A Tale of Two Sons requires a controller to play', the game can be played with a keyboard just fine and the launcher also lets you rebind the keys (by default you control one brother with WASD and the other one with the arrow keys). I definitely recommend playing the game with a controller, though, as this simply feels better with a game like this.With roughly 3.5 to 4 hours the game isn't exceptionally long by most people's standard, but it has so much depth and emotion that I consider it worth it every single cent if it manages to leave me with both sadness and satisfaction upon finishing it. If I had known what a strong game this is, I wouldn't have hesitated to pre-order it.Brothers - A Tale of Two Sons is a shiny gem among the games released this year and needs all the attention it can get. Especially these days where games rarely tell such an emotional story - or any story at all."
76561198042097597,Recommended,225080,8182806,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,PremiumTree54,"I'm not forgetting this story for a long time. Go play this if you haven't already done so, it's incredible."
,Recommended,225080,8396575,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Stockx,"It's hard to write a good review of a game like Brothers - A Tale of Two Sons without adding spoilers. But don't be afraid to read any further, no spoilers here.Brothers is a pinnacle of game design. It's a perfect combination of narrative, gameplay mechanics that just ""work"", and beautiful design both in level design as in general art style. There were numerous moments where I was just blown away by the beauty of this game. It's something you don't expect in the beginning when you see the Unreal Engine logo.They make up for the low polygon count of the characters by beautiful textures, great lighting effects and the best camera positioning you have ever seen.TL;DR:Short but oh oh oh so sweet. Just have a controller handy (unplayable with keyboard and mouse). Definitely worth it.Tip @ any university/college providing a game design course: This game is the perfect use-case of how it should be."
,Recommended,225080,8399051,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Ronimo | Oli,best game of 2013
76561198016726179,Recommended,225080,8627146,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Demmon,Cool
,Recommended,225080,7822746,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Poisoned Venom,Brothers: A Tale of Two Sons is a fine example of a game doing both story telling and gameplay right. Enough focus was put into both aspects making it one of the best games I've ever experienced. The controls are something different and intuitive. I highy recommed this game to anyone who's in the mood for something unique and different.
,Recommended,225080,8181348,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,GothShinobi,"What a wonderful game!A story telling the journey two brothers undertake to find a cure for their seriously ill father. You control both brothers simultaneously, having to help each other to overcome the many obsticles they encounter.The puzzles can tax your co-ordination, as you try and maneuver the brothers into position and interacting with the correct one - but don't let this deter you; this game is telling you their story and the puzzles are just there to give you the sense of the struggles they come across.The sounds in the game are simplistic, but they work perfectly to set the atmosphere - the game doesn't even need dialogue, the actions of the characters and the random noises they make say all that needs saying to let you understand what is going on and what you need to do.The graphics in the game are beautiful. The art-style I would say is in the same vein as Fable, which again suits it just right, and will leave you wide-eyed at the various environments the brothers must progress through on their journey.The game may be short, but it is an experience you need in gaming. I highly recommend this!"
,Recommended,225080,13786087,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Shyguy,"This is probably my favorite game of all time. It is a relatively short game, but the pacing of the game means you are encouraged to explore and interact with your surroundings (necessary if you want to get all of the achievements). The storyline is compelling, taking full advantage of the whimsical world you play through. The characters speak a made up language which I personally feel only enhances the experience as it means you're forced to pay attention to what the characters are doing, how they interact with others, and the tone of their voices. The game takes you through a series of environmental puzzles which are generally rather simplistic in solution, but the control mechanisms are challenging enough to keep it interesting. As soon as you've mastered the controls in one area you move on to another puzzle which introduces new mechanics.This game is an emotional journey- you encounter situations which bring the player in touch with feelings such as playfulness, fear, jealousy, joy, and grief.  I personally think that by making the controls so challenging and making them operate in such a way that you really have to pay attention to what you're doing, it makes the storyline all the more powerful and the ending that much more poignant. You don't always realize what you have and how much you rely on it until it is gone, and this game captures that experience beautifully.Basically, brace yourself for some major feels."
,Recommended,225080,14462543,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,avenger810,"easily handle by using xbox 360 controller, story quite short but still a good game!7.5/10"
,Recommended,225080,8395933,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Maxey,"THIS ♥♥♥♥ING GAME RIGHT HERE. THIS ♥♥♥♥ING GAME RIGHT HERE IS CRIMINALLY UNDERRATED AND YOU SHOULD ALL BUY IT NO EXCEPTIONS. THIS IS WHAT A GAME MADE BY PIXAR THEMSELVES WOULD BE LIKE, EXCEPT THAT ♥♥♥♥ING PILE OF♥♥♥♥♥♥CARS WHO CARES ABOUT TALKING CARS HOLY ♥♥♥♥ ARE YOU GUYS DREAMWORKS. ANYWAY THIS GAME IS SUPER BRILLIANT AND EMOTIONALLY CHARGED AND CLEVER AND BEAUTIFUL AND ♥♥♥♥ING OMG.SERIOUSLY STOP DOING WHATEVER IRRELEVANT STUPID THING YOU'RE DOING RIGHT NOW AND BUY THIS GAME AND ENJOY ABOUT 3 HOURS OF THE FINEST VIDEOGAME STORYTELLING EVER PUT ON ANYTHING THAT PLAYS VIDEOGAMES.I'M SERIOUS THIS IS NOT A JOKE I'M CALLING OBAMA ON THIS THIS IS HOW ♥♥♥♥ING SERIOUS I AM."
76561198117981427,Recommended,225080,19128422,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,Rezcall,"Oh the places you'll go....This game is very short but pack a big punch.The journey is greater then the destination in this case.Owlcats, giant battlefields, goat climbing, flying machines ... just wow.Just to top it off a story that makes you feel.The game play is usual (you operate one brother per joy stick) but you'll get the hang of it quickly.Very fun puzzles and you literally will not know what to expect next.Only downside I can think of is - once you play there may not be a need to replay it.You'll always remember it though...The game again - is very short (4 hours). Its perfect for a one night party.10/10 - Not for the length but the incredible imaginative places ... well done."
,Recommended,225080,20398955,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,mantequilla,"The story is simply great and very well elaborated, the graphics and the soundtrack are cute. You might get a little confused with the gameplay at first, especially if you're using keyboard, but you get used to it and it's amazing to control both brothers and solve the puzzles with them."
,Recommended,225080,18815790,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,sakin,It's in my top 10. One of the best stories you can ever experience in Steam. Great artwork and atmosphere as well. 10/10
76561198080581007,Recommended,225080,12927069,"Posted: 13 November, 2014",all,Windslashman,"I'm going to start off saying that this game is one of my favorite games of all time. The basic premise is you have to save your father using his 2 sons to overcome obstacles. Very nice sounds. This game was a tearjerker for me. You may get around 4 hours in it if you are trying to experience everything and for the price of $15 that may seem not worth your money, but i highly disagree. The 4 hours I played in this game was so worth it. If you want to play this game I highly suggest using a wired controller (has a usb end on it). I think this game has ingame support for controllers but I don't know for certain (google it if you don't know). If is doesn't have ingame controller support download JoyToKey. My highest recommendations for this game.Infinity/10"
76561197971628333,Recommended,225080,10511084,"Posted: 17 June, 2014",all,Modranto,"A tragedy filled with beauty and a delight for the little things.Brothers: A Tale of Two sons checks off a lot of boxes on my list of things that make a great game: innovative gameplay, great storytelling, gorgeous visuals and a good soundtrack.Controlling both brothers at once is this game's biggest novelty and one that I never tired of in my 3.4 hours with it. One aspect of controlling both that I didn't anticipate is that it aids in making you as the player feel more connected to both of them. Each brother also has a unique personality that shows up in what gameplay actions each one can and can't take. For example, the older brother can boost the younger one up to the top of a tall ledge and then the younger one can drop down a rope. Even in optional environmental interactions (like blowing into a huge horn) each boy has a different response.The inclusion of these little details reminds me of the sense of childlike wonder that Studio Ghibli (Hayao Miyazaki) movies do so well to turn the ordinary into the extraordinary. It's incredible to me how clear of a story and how rich of a world the developers were able to get across entirely nonverbally. There are voices in the game but it is all in a very simplistic, fictional language. Their meaning is conveyed sufficiently through voice tone and body language. The world itself tells its own story and made me feel like I knew plenty of the lore surrounding it, again, all without words.It certainly helps that a game so focused on visual storytelling also has great art design. There are numerous benches throughout the game that you can direct the boys to sit on. When you do the camera pans out to show off some impressive vistas. In most games I couldn't be bothered to go sit on a bench yet here I made it a point to seek out each one. The soundtrack packs an emotional punch during major scenes but can be very quiet or absent during others.With so much positive to say about the game I do have a few negatives. There are a few points where the gameplay gets repetitive. For example you'll climb up numerous cliffs, nets, root balls, etc. and none are particularly challenging or exciting. In general though, they do a pretty good job of changing things up as the game progresses. I also encountered a bug in the PC version of the game where two elevator cranks you'll encounter in the game operate VERY slowly. We're talking roughly 2 minutes for the first one and 3 minutes for the second before you can continue on with the game. You cannot bypass these. Finally, I wasn't much of a fan of the overall tragic tone of the game. I don't mind dark themes but I like them to have a purpose for being a downer besides trying to be different or to tack extra emotional impact to a scene. This is perhaps an area where the nonverbal storytelling is a weakness because I couldn't discern enough purpose to warrant Brothers' somber tone."
76561198021142964,Recommended,225080,18099936,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,Silver_Douch,"10/10amazing game, starts in a simple and cute way... but the more you progress in the game, it becomes more dark and deep in its story....by the end of the game, you will be so attached to the two brothers, that you will laugh and cry non stop!definitely one of the best games i got to play, the story and the game mechanics were really fun!its not easy to control both of the brothers at the same time, got confused lots of times, but in the end even thats not an obstacle!"
,Recommended,225080,9931232,"Posted: 25 April, 2014",all,Dune Drifter,"A fantastic ambidextrous game of adventure, challenges and puzzles. I whole heartedly recommend this game.The controls if you don't have a compatible game pad are:Big Brother                            Little Brotherup                                W                                       up arrowdown                               S                                      down arrowleft                                A                                        left arrowright                               D                                       right arrowaction button                      Space                                    Right Ctrlleft shift - pan screen left , right shift pan screen right.Or use your xbox controller"
76561198229231924,Not Recommended,225080,31305681,Posted: 22 April,all,teufel_barde,"Brothers, a tale of two sons, is a puzzle solving game where you control both characters at once, with a story convayed without any spoken words.The story is simple, two brothers are trying to cure their dad of mcguffinitis, a disease that can only be cured with the rare plot device of healing. They set off on a grand, extremely short quest, and work together throughout in order to save their dad. Unfortunately, while the story has depth to it, its painfully obvious what is going to happen while you play, unless your a naive person who can't recognize tropes when they see them. This effectively kills the narrative, which is the only thing it has going for it aside from the semi interesting set pieces throughout the game.The gameplay is simple, very simple in fact. Your controller (if you play with a controller, and you should) is split in half, one side controls one brother, the other controls, well...The other brother. Each stick moves its respective bro, and one of the bumpers makes them interact with the nearest object in the world. You can rotate the camera as well, but you don't really need to. Through this you solve easy puzzles. Alot of them are quite creative, but none of them are difficult.This is a game that, through its mechanics, makes you feel for the characters, and what it tried to achive is admirable. But, for me at least, the moment I started playing the game, I knew exactly how it was going to end. This killed the entire experience for me and made it entirely unsatisfying, because without the narrative, the gameplay feels weak and lackluster. As it stands, the game is a great proof of concept, that you feel more for the characters you play as, and you feel their loss the most when its loss felt through mechanics of the game. For some people, thats perfectly fine, its a short, sweet game that is well executed. But for me, it was disappointing.I can't recommend this game at full price, at best maybe half price or less. Its the kind of game you play as a sort of palette cleanser, or, if your the emotional, sappy type, the kind of game you play to be hit right in the feelings. If your cynical like me, you wont enjoy this, and its only worth your time if your trying to find examples of mechanics and story blending together perfectly.  If your none of the above, don't bother with this title."
,Recommended,225080,26394265,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,Hiatus,caught up in the feels
,Recommended,225080,8852322,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,✪ BPR ✪,"What a great game! It tells a fantastic and emotional story, features excellent platforming and puzzles, as well as beautiful and varied level design. While it was very short (I clocked in at 100% in 3 hours), I still feel that it is definitely worth a purchase. I would highly recommend the use of a controller. To me it felt more natural, as I'm almost positive this was developed for consoles and ported over to PC (there was some texture popping despite draw distances not being to far).  I really look forward to another game from these guys!!!"
76561198160725137,Recommended,225080,14474619,"Posted: 14 February, 2015",all,PadreGascoigne,"Steam has got the title wrong for this game, It's actually called ""Too Many Feels"" Written by George R.R Martin.WowMuch Unique GameSuch FunSo EmotionVery Recommend!!!"
,Recommended,225080,22339011,"Posted: 10 April, 2016",all,Cyberghost,"Starbreeze Studios aren’t well known for their emotional depth. Responsible for the excellent Riddick games (Escape from Butcher Bay and Assault on Dark Athena), the first Darkness (which administered a gut-punch to our soppy bits with Jenny’s death) and the misfiring Syndicate reboot, the Swedish developers have an inconsistent record with both quality and quantity – which puts them in a perfect position to do what many studios can’t: take risks.Brothers: A Tale of Two Sons is one such risk. A fairytale adventure set in a whimsical land that seems to be assembled from various bits and pieces of Scandinavian folklore, Brothers tells the tale of the titular siblings as they embark on a journey to save their sick father’s life. The target of their quest is the sap of an enormous, enchanted tree located halfway across the world, which they must find and bring back.Along the way they encounter trolls, both friendly and otherwise, a land of warring giants, a menagerie’s worth of weird creatures and a strange young girl who they rescue from an apparent sacrifice. At the heart of the story, and the gameplay, is their relationship. The boys are tied together not only by the bonds of blood and brotherhood, but also by a mutual desire to save their father no matter how far they have to go or what dangers they have to face.It’s an element that pervades every facet of the game. The brothers are inseparable, and only through teamwork and trust are they able to overcome the challenges of the world. You control both siblings with one pad: the left stick and trigger control Big Brother, and the right control Little Brother. It sounds simple but is surprisingly disorienting. We’re so used to spinning the camera with the right stick and cycling between multiple characters that controlling both brothers with only four buttons requires some retraining of our automatic responses, but the pay-off is great. Puzzles that require the siblings to work in unison are straightforward, but others, where each brother is required to complete a separate task, can throw you, and several times I found myself working Big Brother like a Trojan while Little Brother stood picking his nose.Most of the puzzles are very simple, and in fact the game itself is remarkably easy from start to finish. Of a four-hour runtime, the first two are spent travelling and taking in the scenery, and it’s a fair way in before you’re presented with any real peril and even then, it’s easily overcome. Aside a very creepy moment towards the end, Brothers is quite twee about its dangers. Deaths are never shown, for example, despite the fact that some of Limbo’s shock appeal would have translated well.As you take the boys on their adventure you’ll reunite a Troll husband and wife, navigate the walls of a colossal fortress, fend off wolves, traverse a blood-drenched battleground covered with fallen giants and flee from an invisible ogre. Moments of true tension are exacerbated by the often clumsy controls but lessened by the lack of brutality, leading to an experience that rarely thrills but is always interesting.The world itself is beautiful, and Little Brother’s ability to see wonder in everything lends it a magical, magisterial gravitas. Benches are dotted around at specific vantage points, and perching on them offers a view of the land. The sense of scale at these times is magnificent, and the backdrops – particularly towards the end – are occasionally breathtaking. Sprinting along a cliff-side as the Aurora Borealis dances in the sky, or watching a pod of alien, tentacled killer whales leap and dive through the cobalt blue waters of a frozen river are two stand-out moments, but Brothers offers many.The short lifespan is tempered by an ever-changing gameworld. Yes, Brothers is over quickly, but you’ll see so much in that short time that when it’s over you’ll want to go straight back through it in case you missed anything. Stealing a hang-glider and running it off a cliff, or tethering a rope between themselves so they can swing each other around a sky-scraping castle are moments that highlight not only the Brothers’ sense of mutual trust but also their individual bravery.Little Brother’s phobia of water means Big Brother must carry him across deep rivers, while the older sibling’s penchant for following his impulsive heart leads to trouble more than once. Considering the game contains not a single word of dialogue – spoken or written – it’s incredibly affecting and very easy to follow. Everyone communicates in a kind of broken, hurried Simlish that sounds vaguely European but will require some imagination and attention to understand.The aesthetics are solid and evocative of the Fable series, using muted pastel colours to give the world a fantastical, dream-like quality, whether you’re looking at an abandoned, snow-shrouded village, a midnight forest or a giant’s bedroom. As I said, Brothers packs a hell of a lot of spectacle into just four or five hours.VERDICT:From a hopeful beginning to a heart-wrenching conclusion, Brothers: A Tale of Two Sons is an endearing and emotional adventure that will resonate strongly with anyone who has a younger or older sibling. It may not be the most exciting or challenging game, and it is certainly over too quickly, but it’s also a refreshing, beautifully-realised attempt to do something new.My Rating: 8/10"
,Recommended,225080,8407468,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,alpertini,I can happily call this game my game of the year. This is mainly down to the games ability to tell a story without using a single word of English. i didn't expect to like it so much. The story and ending are simply amazing. I recommend this game to anyone who likes a good adventure. The game is only 4 hours long and there is not too much of a challenge but overall it's an awesome experience. i enjoyed this more than any of these recent blockbuster games. Yes it's that good. [9.5/10]
,Recommended,225080,15471645,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Artyom Havok,Well damn... i thought i knew what i was going write here about half way through the game about how great the gameplay and mechanics were... but that amazing story happend... its like story told with no dialogue and at the end its a story told through the gamepad... wow... that is an unratable game!
,Recommended,225080,17429611,"Posted: 7 August, 2015",all,Fraddy  V™,""" make me cry """
,Recommended,225080,16929097,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,ErickaUnlimited,"OverviewBrothers - A Tale of Two Sons is a simplistic, yet provoking game in which you play as two brothers (simultaneously) on a quest to rescue their father from an unknown ailment. The story, character backgrounds and even your mission are shrouded in an unknown (probably gibberish) language, forcing you to rely on what the character's body language and surroundings are telling you. While it may seem difficult at first, the game does a marvelous job of keeping you on track and never feeling truly lost. It's a delicate balance that the game does quite well. I never felt lost, scrambling for what to do next.Without delving too much into the plot (for fear of giving away any spoilers), the story is straight forward, but very powerful. As the game progressed, I couldn't help but feel connected to the brothers, their family and the cast of characters you meet along the way. Without language, you're not so much being told what is happening, but experiencing it first hand, which was a treat.Visually, the game is filled with eye candy. The environments are beautiful and change drastically as you progress, letting you see a plethora of sights - from charming villages to the aftermath of a war zone. It's as visually appealing as it is thought provoking. Overall, the game is enjoyable, albeit short. If you enjoy puzzle games with some emotional storytelling, I would highly recommend this game to you.ProsStorytelling - The game has a unique way of guiding you without giving itself away. It's a refreshing alternative to spoken word.Visuals - The landscape is ever-changing, but always enjoyable. It leaves you with wonder and lets you fill in the gaps with your imagination.Interaction - Whether it be with other characters, animals or the environment itself, the game lets you interact with the world around you to let you understand each brother's personality.Music - Simply put, the music is an auditory joy to listen to.ConsGame Length - The game is short. I completed it in roughly 3.5 hours in one sitting. Some might be okay with that, some not so much. I was really hoping for more once I became invested in the characters.Difficulty - I found the game to be rather easy. I expected the puzzles to become progressively more difficult as the game carried on, but found they plateaued rather quickly.Overall, the pros heavily outweigh a few cons in my opinion. This one easily goes into my games recommendation list. It's a pleasure from start to finish, but remember to bring a a few tissues with you just in case."
76561197986527965,Not Recommended,225080,21614053,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,Dasbooby,"I don't get the love for this game.  It's an ok game, but that's about the best that can be said for it.  The story is pretty straight forward, nothing wrong with it, but nothing that interesting about it.  The world is somewhat interesting, but nothing is explained or expanded.  It's simply go here, look at this new area, ok we're done here, now look at this new area, and repeat over and over.  The graphics are pretty, but I'm not a graphics ♥♥♥♥♥ so that doesn't matter much to me.  The game is short and linear, lasting around 2 1/2 hours, and you spend a lot of that time walking on straight paths to get to the next puzzle.  The puzzles are way too simple, there wasn't a single one that took more than 2 seconds to look at and figure out, and they are often repeated.  If they had spent a little time making some puzzles that took some thought, the game probably would've been more enjoyable.  Controlling each of the brothers seperately is an interesting concept, but it's not used to the full extent that it could've been.   The dual movement also results in occasional moments where you lose track of your control on the brothers and send them running off in random directions until you stop and think about what you're doing.  It's not a big deal but might explain why they went with very simple puzzles.Overall, there's nothing really wrong with the game, but I feel like I wasted my time.  The game doesn't do anything particulary well and there's no challenge to be found here.  Why people seem to enjoy it so much, I'll never know.  I guess people are mesmerized by no challenge games, pretty graphics, and pushing arrows impaled on some dead bodies for the third time."
,Recommended,225080,8644132,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,bonkr`,"If you're looking for a quick game to play, get Brothers: A Tale of Two Sons. It works best with a controller, but can be played with a keyboard. The gist of it is that you control two brothers simultaneously to solve puzzles and complete action sequences. It gets awfully clever on you, and there are only very minimal cues in the game. That is, it rarely tells you what buttons you need to press. In fact, you've only got the movement controls for each brother and a button to make each of them separately interact with stuff in the environment. There's dialogue but it's audible only in gibberish and only serves to convey character emotion and build on the personalities of the cast. Through the journey you come to know the characters by the quirky way you control them, i.e. you'll probably end up paying more attention to one brother, while the other larks off in some other direction (keeping track of two characters at once is deceptively difficult.)It's only a few hours long, but the price is right. It's almost criminal that during the last steam sale I was able to get it for something like $2.50. Normal price $15, it's actually on sale for $7.50 right now. Get it."
76561197983276232,Recommended,225080,8721258,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,RedSwirl,"Brothers: A Tale of Two Sons is basically Ico, except you control both Ico and Yorda at the same time. It features similarly well-designed puzzles that utilize an impressively intuitive control scheme as you run through a world that manages to tell a completely wordless story.I haven’t tried to play this game with a keyboard but I probably wouldn’t recommended it. On a 360 pad you control each brother with one analog stick, and each trigger serves as an “interact” button for each of them. Through this, Brothers puts you through what is every bit the classic adventure game in the Ico, Another World, and Prince of Persia tradition.Each brother has different abilities -- the older brother is stronger and can swim but the younger brother can fit in smaller places. Through this, Brothers manages to give you puzzles that are surprisingly ingenious despite not being very complex. None of the puzzles took me more than a few seconds to work out, but at the same time none of them felt stupid. I’m still not sure how Starbreeze struck that balance. You can see a similar balance in the storyline.The game’s Sims-style gibberish manages to communicate that two brothers -- one in the midst of adolescence and the other reaching the end of childhood, must go on a quest to find a legendary medicine for their ailing father. There’s a lot of other interesting and well-told stuff in there as the brothers meet ever-wilder characters on their journey.Similar to Team Ico’s games, Brothers also takes you through environments that immediately feel like they have stories of their own, like the aftermath of a battlefield or the wake of a natural disaster. Furthermore, the game doesn’t even tell you the full story of what’s transpired in front of you, it just let’s you infer things.The art direction in Brothers serves all these environments and characters well despite it being quite modest in the technical area -- no fancy effects or anything and the system requirements don’t list any recommended settings, only minimum. Everything is in a sort of round, chunky aesthetic which seems to play to the Unreal 3 Engine’s strengths similarly to Gears of War 3.Brothers is a very tightly-put-together little adventure game that hits the hallmarks of what it’s probably trying to evoke: inspired fairy-tale locales, smart-but-intuitive gameplay, and an emotional storyline that doesn’t rely too much on cut scenes or any text, though the whole game will last you no more than three hours."
,Recommended,225080,8398852,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Hornet,"7/10A very short interactive story unfolds as two brothers explore a linear landscape with a few scenic stopping points along the way.The various elements come together nicely - the world is well realised, the game wonderfully directed, and the storyline will surprise you. The puzzle/platforming gameplay is fairly sparse, so it rarely provides a gameplay challenge.This can be completed in 3 hours and doesn't have much replay value beyond achievement hunting or showing to friends.Pick it up during a sale one day as it's a nice change fom the norm."
,Recommended,225080,8427787,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,ref,"If such is the future of gaming then I am more than happy. Beautiful story with marvelous graphics and audio. Many, many games should learn from this title.Warning: you really need a gaming pad to play this."
,Recommended,225080,10870500,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,LostInSpice,Absolutelyi ncredible. A must play.
,Recommended,225080,9423511,"Posted: 11 March, 2014",all,MonuMan5,This game pays very close attention to detail in every scene.  Absolutely beautiful scenes and camera movements.  The style of play with the two brothers was very creative and makes for a lot of fun.  I hope this game sets a trend for future game makers on how it's supposed to be done.
76561198017754452,Recommended,225080,11300176,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Vexeisis,"Mechanics as metaphor and visual storytelling at its best. This tale is accompanied by a sweeping score and numerous visual motifs that come full circle by the time you hit the credits; a true work of art.Your hands may be a little confused at first, but once they start to work together as a unit, you'll draw that correlation to the brothers - and then they'll be one and the same.Worth every cent paid; a perfect example of games as artform."
76561197985848227,Recommended,225080,8453903,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,bot... COOKIEEEEEEEEEEEEE,"I had never cried playing a video game before, I just did."
76561197969874597,Recommended,225080,8381015,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Donnie,This game is worth every penny.
76561198090999715,Recommended,225080,10991598,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Original Toaster,"Okay so I played this game with my sister playing for the younger brother and I can honestly say I enjoyed it much more that way than I was when I had started off trying to play it alone. Of course, my lack of a controller did make things difficult, but I would still recommend using another person to play this game.While I did find the game itself to be somewhat linear and guided at times, that didn't really take away too much from the experience overall. The puzzles were entertaining, and there were moments of excitement, and interest. The game itself looks beautiful and the attention to detail by the developers makes the game feel satisfying. Do not buy this game expecting there to be addictive qualities or pleasing accomplishments, buy this game because the story of it is just flawless. It is definitely not replayable, and the 4 hours it took were well worth it. But by all means wait for it to go on sale, I bought it for $3"
,Recommended,225080,8379403,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Koop,I cried
,Recommended,225080,12194650,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Fargin Noob,"Though the overall gameplay is thin, the story that is told and the way that it is portrayed is very good. It has an ending that you might not expect, and even though it still has some gamey feel to it (such as respawns at checkpoints if you die), that's a minor quibble on an otherwise excellent game.I'm usually not much of an adventure game, but the environments are so grand and the exploration element so tight that I can honestly recommend this to those like me who might otherwise pass it over."
,Recommended,225080,8436155,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Hronk!,Do yourself a favour and buy this game
,Recommended,225080,19274134,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Janon,"I swear I'm not crying!It's because of his onion hair!Nah but in all seriousness, this game is absolutely amazing.It's incredible how much of a story you can show without using any real dialogue.This game shows how a young boy matures with his brother on a journey to save their father.This game has some minor glitches, such as one of the characters facing the wrong way, and some lighting errors causing some object to be pitch black, this didn't affect the gameplay however.I would rate this game 9.7/10 and I definitely recommend you to buy it."
,Recommended,225080,8622956,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Skeleray,i cried
76561198001197154,Recommended,225080,10766866,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Drew,Great Game highly recommended and for 3 bucks a must have
,Recommended,225080,4406490,"Posted: 4 September, 2013",all,Sitzpinkler,"Brimming with imagination, this is one of the most beautiful games I have ever played! It is a maturely told fairytale that constantly manages to impress me with beautiful vistas."
,Recommended,225080,11056738,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Curdle_Sanders,"I sat down to play this game for thinking it was going to be a light hearted adventure with a gimmick of unique controls. Through playing the game I was totally blown away by how good it was. Brothers is a fantasic adventure game with an emotional and touching story. The game can get quiet dark at times but is balanced with plenty of lighthearted moments as well. This game deserves all the awards and credits it has recieved. Simply put, Brothers is a game that you need to play."
,Recommended,225080,14143532,"Posted: 24 January, 2015",all,Siberior,"If you haven't played it, you owe it to yourself to experience brothers. Don't look up anything about it. It is a game meant to be experienced and played in one sitting. If you have 2.5-3 hours to spare, I implore you to try Brothers - A tale of Two Sons. Allow yourself to be immersed and I promise you won't regret this wonderful journey."
,Recommended,225080,19921801,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,Songhan,"Amazing game, stunning visuals and unique mechanics in which each brother has a strengths and weaknesses which compliment each other throughout the game. Highly recommend trying it out."
,Recommended,225080,14301432,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Jackaljacked,"Brothers- A Tale of Two Sons is a beautifully crafted journey of Naiee (Little brother) and Naia (Elder brother) to find a cure to their fathers disease. This game is full of wonder and the growing companionship of the brothers in the journey. Even without understanding anything that the people say, the emotions and situations are greatly expressed thru the brothers reaction, music and visuals.Even though the game is short, it makes for an amazing experience and an even better one if shared with someone you care about.All in all this game is something that you will love if you see someone in your life as your brother or sister (or simply just very important). The visuals are fantastic, the music is on par with the feeling of danger or discovery and the voice acting (though in a language you wont understand) will convey you to experience many emotions.IMHO- This game (although short) is something that you should play. It was an amazing experience to play and share it.9/10"
,Recommended,225080,20164974,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Tip Rex,"Amazing, one-session titleThis game is simply amazing. It seems like nothing great at first glance and I was unsure before buying it, but it was worth it. By worth it I mean the 1.49€ I payed, I don't think I'd recommend buying it for the full price.""Brothers"" is a very short game and I'd recommend playing it in one long session because the story really sucks you into the environment and it also takes a bit to get used to the unique gameplay mechanics. It took me just about 3h to finish the game, but I derped two or three times. If I knew what to do at every little bit I would have been able to do it in 2.5h.The StoryIt's really not a special setting. Having to complete a far dangerous journey to save a relative is nothing new. But the way it's done is just mind-boggling! The emotions I felt for these characters living through lows and highs (especially the highs are normally rare and hard to implement in sad games!) of their lives really don't compare to anything I have felt in a video game before.The only thing that isn't great about the story is that it is very linear. But that's okay.Rating 9.5/10Graphics & technical stuffThe graphics are really nothing special. The boys look kind of cute (not in that way! ;D) but the textures are boring. But that's not really the main focus of the game so that's okay.The physics do bug out rather often to the point where it get's a little annoying. For instance right at the start you have to push a cart with both brothers. To pick up the handles of the cart you will have to stand at very specific places with the brothers otherwise it doesn't work. They also move rather jittery sometimes.Rating 6/10Summary:Overall a definite recommendation, if it is on sale. It's a title you really only play once (linear story) and  that will really only take up one session. But for 1.49€ It's really worth it. Like a really good movie, just a little more involving."
,Recommended,225080,17680851,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,TreeTon,"Hello everyone, my name is TreeTon!Before you read my review, please check out my YouTube channel!(You will be able to find there the full game footage!)https://www.youtube.com/channel/UCrnptJcpeO8cQIrbRgaAamASome people have commented that the game doesn't worth its price; however, I have to disagree with their opinion, even though I have purchased the game when it was on sale! The game is great, and the main future of the game is that the player allowed to use two protagonists (brothers) at the time!Making a fictional language was the best idea of the developers, because the player is able to make his own story by understing the game the way he sees it. The story itself is great, and the game is not that long (about 3-4hrs), but believe me, it will be the best 3-4hrs of your life! The game is very unpredictable, because it is almost impossibe to say what is going to happen in the future, and the ending is very shocking.I would like to say special thanks to the developers for giving me the opportunity to play this game and especially to record it!Thanks for reading my review, and please, take a look at my channel!"
,Recommended,225080,20225689,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,What age are you in?,great game. very original
,Recommended,225080,8444847,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Aiomon,"This was my favourite game of 2013. The game tells a beautiful story that makes the bond between the brothers so powerful that it doesn't even need voice work, the mechanics are enough to convey the power of their friendship. The puzzles are tight, and are never difficult enough to cause frustration. The game is looks fantastic and is complimented by good sound design. The controls excentuate the nattative in a very interesting way. Play this game."
76561198167709856,Recommended,225080,23316886,"Posted: 31 May, 2016",all,Stratos,An emotional puzzle game
,Recommended,225080,23358815,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Raur,"Emotional game, unique mechanics, short experience."
,Recommended,225080,23366572,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,Valkol,"Great storyline, short and sweet."
,Recommended,225080,23903827,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Lt Hobo,"Beautiful game and beautiful story.Having just finished it, it brought this poem to mind;""The waves are high and the sunset’s red,So now it’s time to go to bed.The tide is up and the wind does rip,But this old ship’ll never tip.We’re far at sea , days from land,But if you’re scared just take my hand.Just hold on tight boy-o-mine,In my arms you’ll be just fine."""
,Recommended,225080,23815950,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,desertkona,Play Both Character at same time. Left Analog for Big Brother and Right Analog for Little Brother. The Gameplay is very unique and the story is well written
,Recommended,225080,23824928,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,Afk brb,"This game might not be long but it sure is packed with quality.It's about from two to three hours long so you'll be able to play it on one sitting and it is preferable doing so.Using controller is recommended.If you see this on sale, buy it and play it. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,225080,19860817,"Posted: 22 December, 2015",all,Croy,"I laughed, I cried.10/10"
,Recommended,225080,7677564,"Posted: 16 November, 2013",all,Saftle,"Seriously one of the best gaming experiences I've ever had. Very short, but definitely worth it regardless. I would recommend this game to anyone. A controller is required, but you'll soon see why. There wasn't a moment in the game that was boring. It is a single player co-op game. Meaning, you control both characters. Each analog stick controls the other character. Do not ruin the game by playing with another person. It becomes natural after playing it a bit. Check it out. You won't be dissappointed."
,Recommended,225080,10410194,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Countyzz. III,Plot twist cry simulator
,Recommended,225080,18949446,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Vegetable Vendor,"Beautiful art and music, innovative concept with single player co-op gameplay, although not very challenging. Story and narration is full of empathy and marvellous. 8.5/10"
,Recommended,225080,13653427,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,rolig,"Perfect game.I enjoyed every minute of this. I was drawn into the world and the story completely while I played. I felt like I was on an epic adventure, and I was truly invested into the 3 main characters. Now that I'm finished I can appreciate things in finer detail.Gameplay is certainly unique, but that's not the main take-away here. I think -everything- comes together to make a truly memorable experience.The unique gameplay mechanic (driving both brothers with one controller) is certainly notable and memorable by itself, and something else will use this mechanic in the future and I'll think of this game. But that doesn't give the full picture. The atmosphere created by the design and the music and the story all- is a new benchmark for me. I'm sure I'll think of it often.You can run through this world, taking the shortest path to your goal, and enjoy yourself thoroughly I think. But you don't have to. Despite the epic adventure vibe, you're not at all rushed, and you can stop to smell the roses of this wonderful environment (and you get an achievement for doing so). There are other characters in the world that you pass in your travels, and you can often play some part in their lives. Looking at the achievments screen now that I'm done reveals that I missed some of this myself, but I don't feel like I missed anything really.I was emotionally spent after completing this game. I took a lot from the experience and that might stick with me longest. As an experience, I think it rates with the best movies I've ever seen. I don't usually get this quality from games, and that probably intensified it for me, but it's excellent to be sure. I took some minutes to bask in it after I was done.It's not a difficult game, although the very first time you come across a new puzzle aspect (particularly at the start of the game) you will be confused until you get it, I think that as a whole, that aspect was good for the game. It doesn't take long to pick up really.Find some quiet hours and throw yourself into this game completely and you ought to get twice as much out of it."
,Recommended,225080,8495543,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Ajiem,"This game is an ocean of emotions. It plays with your heart. Very good story. Short game, but dont let that deer you from this game. DAT ENDING NARRATIVE DOE"
,Recommended,225080,11095816,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,POISON,"Short but amazing game, wonderful storytelling, stunning graphics ... very emotional..."
,Recommended,225080,8444742,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Hyrulesknight,"Plot/setting: This game places you in the shoes of two brothers who take it upon themselves to find a cure for their father. This adventure will take them across a vast land filled with various kinds of fantasy characters and settings. The story and setting are absolutely the main attractions of this game. The plot  starts off as the run of the mill story, but once the game gets going you will run into some interesting situations that makes this game what it is. One gripe I had early on is that all of the characters speak in some sort of gibberish, and while the animations of the characters convey their feelings adequately it can feel like you are missing out. That said the lack of actual dialogue grew on me and I actually prefer it.Gameplay/constrols: This game is unique as you control both brothers using a stick and bumper button for each brother. This is the reason a controller is highly recommended for playing. I did not try using KB and mouse so I cannot compare, but I imagine it is difficult. For the most part the control scheme works with only the occasional mixup in my coordination of controlling the brothers. The game is filled with puzzles that consist of one borther using one strength to do one task like fitting through small areas and the other brother pulling big heavy levers. There are also some puzzles and platforming aspects that require both brothers to work together. Overall the puzzles will not be challenging at all, but they are entertaining nonetheless.Length/replayability: This game is very short and only clocks in at around 3 hours. There are no sidequests, only little interactions with the world you can have; most of which are acheivements. Once you have completed the game and got all of te acheivements though there will be no reason to replay this game for a long time.Overall: The price of $15 for this game is steep considering it's length, but despite that I absolutely recommened this game especially if it is on sale."
76561198021220771,Recommended,225080,8525460,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Schlooty,This game made me feel things
,Recommended,225080,8449211,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Regulus,Just play it.
76561198071580906,Recommended,225080,13639080,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Smelly Melly,"""Brothers"" is a beautiful game with a simple story. Their dad fell sick, and the two brothers were told that the water from a fountain far away could save him. And that's how their adventure begins.Both brothers have different personalities, which you can see for yourself when you interact with the both of them.The scenaries are beautiful. Every so often, there's a bench that the brothers can sit and take a minute to absorb the breath-taking view before them.The brothers help and get help from creatures they met on their adventures too.Would recommend this game to everyone."
,Recommended,225080,216302,"Posted: 14 September, 2013",all,Kelso,"I'll be completely honest with you: This game is superb. It has some of the best game design I've ever experienced, from beginning to end, and is a thoroughly emotional and gripping experience. It is also hauntingly beautiful and terrifying at times. You would make a big mistake if you missed this one!"
76561198000593536,Recommended,225080,8540149,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Automaton (DUBB),"Wow, what a unique experience.  Fantastic adventure unlike anything I've ever played before.  Very moving and emotional too, without an English word ever being spoken.  Awesome game.  Hope there's a sequel coming."
76561198007771866,Recommended,225080,10769050,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Strikeman,"After been hinted by it of Totalbiscuit, I decided to buy it last year. After seeing Totalbiscuit and [AReV]BavarianGod and having them already pointing out their arguments in their respected videos, I wondered if any review would be adding any additional insight. So after some thinking, I thought: lets discuss what the game did for me.To me, the game was a joyous experience, with a twist. Due to the tone of the game being about hefty themes like love, companionship and fear. The hefty themes suggest that the game wants to have those themes be taken very seriously, and for me it did, though not in the extend it happened to the previous mentioned people.One note should go to my favorite (and often overlooked) part of a game is sound: Though it forgoes the use of speech, Brothers does a damn fine job to fill up this gap by using gibberish talks, hand and feet communication and an awesome soundtrack (which you should buy btw) to provide the wholesale immersion.This game felt like a game again, not someone who has set some knobs regarding which few game mechanics should be in a game, press 'create' and voila: a triple-a title.No, this game seperates itself from that, in which it succeeds really well: its gameplay really let you immerse into the world, even though you're not seeing it from a first person view.All in all, I think that this game is for people who dare step off their beloved franchise game, try a single game and find this one.Ups:+ Good Narritive+ Heartfelt Story+ Unique Game mechanics+ SOUND!+ MUSIC!Downs:- Short Story- Difficulty"
,Recommended,225080,11565805,"Posted: 5 August, 2014",all,Zuluf,"I dont know whether whimsical thumbstick adventure is a genre or a thing or whatever, but to say that Brothers: A Tale of Two Sons is just that would be an injustice towards the title. Its minimalistic yet rich storytelling draws children of all ages in and while it offers little replay value and only lasts for an afternoon, it still qualifies as a gem. Lush, vibrant summits surround the two brothers gone on a quest to heal their father. The puzzles are pretty simplistic and the only initial difficulty will probably be struggling to teach your brain which thumb is which character, but the streamlined journey is less about overcoming challenges and more about watching the plot unfold.BUY it if you:- Own a controller- Value storytelling and polished art direction over all other aspects of a game- Would like an indie (alternative) structure with a high-end art direction.DO NOT BUY it if:- You expect long hours out of every dollar you spend on games.- You cannot abide a lack of replay value / violence / difficult puzzles- Your eyes may feel abused and slightly inflamed after exposure to Brothers: A Tale of Two Sons. This may especially be a problem if you wear contact lenses or big horse blinkers. Ask your video game dealer to suggest some less visually demanding entertainment immediately."
,Recommended,225080,8545652,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,AwakenedPotato,"A stunning achivement, this game has so many great intuitive ""aha"" gameplay moments.The use of the dual-stick/dual character system is pretty unique and extremely well done.Emotionally, the story will make you smile, laugh, and ultimately it will rip out a piece of your soul and not give it back.If you don't enjoy this game the fault lies not with the game, but with yourself."
,Recommended,225080,13273659,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,kirsteyshae,"Unique Gameplay, Beautiful Landscapes, A True Experience to Play..."
,Recommended,225080,13621005,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,GeekDoesStuff,"Brothers - A Tale of Two sons - it's an interesting and unique experience. You will go on an epic adventure,see amazing views and   fill emotional conetions with both main heroes( and also secondary characters). To understand story you dont need a dialogs and narrator , just one look on characters expresions will make it .Puzzles are easy, but really enjoyable. All of them look organic in game environment and guarantee satysfying feeling. Game mechanic in general may seem a little weird at the start(yes, you need controller to really play it), but quickly becames clear. Some say it would be better with multiplayer, but i think whole idea of playing both brothers yourself really pays off.Game takes 2-3 hours to complete and have good potential for replayability.  You deffinetly should complete it in one run to feel journey's greatness. Wish it had more achievments and variaty, because they make game more wide. If Starbreeze Studios will make some sort of similar game(Sisters, maybe?)) , i would be happy to play it too."
76561198041179079,Recommended,225080,8455082,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Zerglingpie,"An astonishingly pretty game with a clever and unique control scheme. The game features several different equally stunning environments, each with its own incredibly complex atmosphere. If I hadn't already had one, it would have been worth getting a controller just for this game."
,Recommended,225080,12709185,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,Jacob,"Short and sweet, it's a really amazing game and well worth a go!"
,Recommended,225080,8423180,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Jammet,"This is the PC and XBox equivalent to, ... say ... Ico. Read nothing about this game. Don't spoil the experience by watching a video. If you have two thumbs, and a gamepad with two thumbsticks, just play it. It's short - but these three hours will be the sweetest three hours of gameplay for a long time to remember.Unless, of course, for you, gaming is all action and no story. Then, look elsewhere."
,Recommended,225080,8410559,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,shiba,"Haven't played such an emotional game since ff7 crisis corethe game it self is really good and quite fun and challenging.the only bad thing was the controls with the controller (not sure if its the same with keyboard) was very confusing when the brothers get out of place, complete mind♥♥♥♥"
,Recommended,225080,18773103,"Posted: 30 October, 2015",all,Tomasik,"Brothers - A Tale of Two Sons#Well, simply wanna say that this game made me cry. The most emotional and wonderful thing I've ever played. Not unique, but simple and beautiful story made my heart warmer. Playing this game - is travelling and discovering funny and sometimes sad things with two boys, different, but always helpful.It is nice feeling to arrive at the end of a journey chapter by chapter.But it's the journey that matters in the end .... If the end is good ....Thank you, developers!"
,Recommended,225080,10629836,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,GamerChikie,"Great game! Beautiful art work using the Unreal Engine. Many times through the game you can admire the scenery. There is no time limit so it's nice to be able to take it all in; The scenery, the story, the game play. I had a tough time at first controlling the 2 brothers but quickly got the hang of it. Overall, Beautiful game with an amazing story! Great job! I wish the story was longer than 4 hrs of gameplay but, I would recommend this to any one!!WARNING: HAS MANY FEELS ;_;"
,Recommended,225080,9227657,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,joe,"It was famously said that ""[y]ou'd be hard pressed to find 10 games better [than Brothers] this year"" and it was lauded by some as the best game they’ve ever played but I went into Brothers: A Tale of Two Sons with a fair dose of scepticism.What started as a confusing system of solo cooperative play turned into a master class of environmental storytelling as I followed the titular brothers’ quest to find a cure for their stricken father. The journey that started in a quintessential village quickly gave way to the fantastical; each new area tells a story of its own through its presentation and together they are woven into the lore of this new world to explore.Not approaching the game as a puzzle or adventure game greatly enhances the experience. It felt more akin to an 3 hour epic. While it has some minor issues that I can’t mention without spoiling the game, I enjoyed the game overall and would highly recommend it. The last 30 minutes is when the magic happens.PS: play with a gamepad"
,Recommended,225080,18535856,"Posted: 17 October, 2015",all,Dlott,Way more ♥♥♥♥ed than I thought9/10
,Recommended,225080,14197945,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,The Freeman,"A fantastic game with a touching story about two brothers on a mission to save their sick and dying father, conveyed without any dialogue being spoken. The soundtrack is brilliant, the graphics are fantastic and the world is vibrant and immersive. Whilst it doesn't do anything particularly unique, everything it does is presented extremely well. Controls take a little while to get used to but once you've used them for a while they'll become easy. A must buy.Deserves the ""I'm Not Crying, There's Something In My Eye"" award."
,Recommended,225080,8570761,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,drunken_irishman,"A wonderful, heartwrenching, beautiful story. While short, the game invokes so many different emotions throughout with it's great storyline. There is no real voice acting, but you can get the gist of what is going on. The soundtrack fits perfectly, helping to bring feelings of dread, adventure, happiness, sadness, and even hope to the player. Even on my laptop at just low settings, the world and things in it are beautiful to see, so I'm sure with the graphics up on high you'll be in for a even better visual treat.The controls are a bit different, you really need a XBox 360 controller to play this game - so if you don't have one, you might be out of luck.Take your time with this one and enjoy it while it lasts. It is a great work of art...Updated 11/24/16 : Game still holds up. The story is still heartbreaking."
,Recommended,225080,8646548,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,InjinJoe,"I simultaneously love and hate this game at the same time. Even with a controller, this game feels wonky as hell trying to control both brothers at the same time. And by the end of the game, I don't think my skills controlling them had gotten much better, either lol.That being said, there's something about the game that makes you want to keep playing. As the player, you want to see how the story progresses, and part of you just wants to see the what the next area will look like because this game is so damn pretty. You also feel invested in what's going on, and I think if I had to use one word to descibe this game, it would be 'feel'. The game does make you feel, and that's why I said I somewhat hated it. I wasn't expecting to feel anything. I thought I would just play the game to and be able to say that, ""yeah, I played through it, it was a pretty cool story"", and leave it at that. However, I got much more out of it than I anticipated.This game literally has no replayability, but that's ok. I feel like I got my money's worth. Overall, I give this game a solid recommendation. I went into it with quite a bit of skepticism, even with all of the positive reviews I've heard about it. The story and the ending are as good as everyone says they are, though."
,Recommended,225080,24075818,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Integra66,"Compré el juego en la summer sale a tan solo $17.99, y la verdad considero que han sido los mejores $18 que he invertido. Lo terminé en 4 horas con todos sus logros, sentí que fue muy corto pero porque en verdad lo disfrute. La historia me pareció muy buena, los paisajes y la ambientación muy bien elaborados. Verdareramente lo recomiendo y definitivamente volvería a jugarlo."
,Recommended,225080,17455105,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,haruka,"This game really suprise me. The story was very good, the world inside also beautiful.This game doesn't have a real dialogue, but it still drawn out your emotional.You want platformer? You got it.You want boss fight? You got it.You want to solving puzzle? You got it.You want to cry? You got... Wait, that?I never expected to finish this game and can't sleep in the night because of tears in my eyes."
,Recommended,225080,13622962,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,ShNere,Having to control two characters at the same time is great. Loved the story.
,Recommended,225080,8774346,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,♥*¨*★~Preda~★*¨*♥,"I recommend that you subject yourself to this game, because its like come along once in a very long time, and usually on consoles.Visually stunning and with a soundtrack that is perfectly pitched to compliment those visuals, Brothers is an amazing game from a purely technical perspective. That doesn't really matter however.Brothers is an amazing tale, conveyed almost without words in a way reminiscent of Ico and Shadow of the Colossus. The charazterization of the characters is also in itself simple, but strong. You will love these brothers and sympathize with their struggle just as you'll stand amazed at the detail and imagination invested into this fictional world, and that's part of the tragedy. The game KNOWS what you think it is. It knows what you expect. It's masterfully directed and built to get you emotionally invested in its story.Saying any more than that would spoil the surprises you'll have along the way, but fair warning: the game is not a happy-go-lucky fairy tale and it will shock you, scare you and ultimately make you cry your soul out.10/10."
,Recommended,225080,8492188,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Miyagichu,Incredibly simple controls with a very Immersive story.
76561198046654038,Recommended,225080,8610138,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Andrew,"It's been a very long time since a game impressed me the way that brothers did. It's pretty and it's innovative. I honestly can't give it enough praise. For a game with no actual spoken dialogue.. the story is incredibly moving.Buy it, play it and play it again!"
,Recommended,225080,9104919,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Vision,"""It seems that perfection is attained not when there is nothing more to add, but when there is nothing more to remove."" - Antoine de Saint ExupéryBrothers: A Tale of Two Sons is a charming adventure and a testament to the beauty of simplicity. In the few hours of gameplay it achieves amazing heights and explores a variety of themes. The gameplay consists of controlling the two brothers to solve platforming puzzles. What makes is special is the cooperation between the two characters and the interesting mechanics that evolve from that synergy. The short length of the title is in may ways a strength, as it allows the simplistic gameplay to be fun without ever getting boring or tedious. The plot sets the two brothers on an adventure through the visually stunning world with a very charming atmosphere. The sights are simply breathtaking and and the variety of visual themes is very impressive. The characters in the game never speak a word of English, but nontheless manage to express the entire story in a very impactful manner. The musical score is simply fantastic and adds a whole dimension to the experience. The most amazing feat this game manages to achieve, however, is the emotionally convincing portrayal of the bond between the brothers. It is a masterpiece on every level and shows how much potential video games have for storytelling."
,Recommended,225080,8508560,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Druv,"Short, poignant, and wonderfully tying the mechanics of the game to its most powerful emotional moment."
,Recommended,225080,13060556,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Ody,"One of the only games that can tell a story with no talking at all. I spent a lot of time staring at the surroundings, its so beatiful. The puzzles arent that hard, its a game that focuses more on the story telling with awesome atmosphere than gameplay. I recommend using a controller to play."
,Recommended,225080,8582839,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,iBra~187,so beautiful .. the game idea new and excellent..i recommend it  you must try it !
,Recommended,225080,8407818,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Croc Detective,"Brothers is one of the most beautiful and elegant games I've played in a long time. The gameworld's stunning, expansive vistas hold equal measures of breathtaking views and clever puzzles, along with a dozen charming little moments of storytelling in each of the game's hidden achievements. The controls are a fascinatingly simple yet challenging ambidextrous controller configuration which manages to keep you strikingly engaged with what both of your characters are doing at any given moment. The story is short, sweet, and wonderfully crafted. The ending made me cry real human tears. This is a marvellous videogame, and it only takes about three hours out of your day to clear it. Pick it up when you've got the chance."
,Recommended,225080,9319395,"Posted: 2 March, 2014",all,Nutsnut,"An Amazing game that prtrayes an incredible adventure, this feat is made even more amazing by the fact the game contains no dialog. A game of challenging puzzle and platforms that doesn't leave the player frustrated or stuck as to where to go.Though the game is short, this is what makes it endearing, it can be played through in a single session or just take it easy and enjoy the views."
76561198053535412,Recommended,225080,10931318,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Kristy,"This game makes me wish I had a brother! Very touching story, wonderful music, and an awesome atmospheric setting which reminded me a little bit of Shadow of the Colossus. 10/10 Definitely recommended!"
,Recommended,225080,16994077,"Posted: 11 July, 2015",all,N7_Maxima,"Sometimes I wonder if I actually have a brother to share half my keyboard, this game will definitely strengthen the bond between us. Sadly I didn't have a bro like that, but now I believe family is everything.----------------------------spoilers-------------------------------When I entered that hole, my instinct somewhat told me that ""plz don't tell me you are finally gonna turn into sth else or I'll kill you stupid bxxxh"""
,Recommended,225080,19123349,"Posted: 16 November, 2015",all,Mountaineer12,"Truly emotinal experience that brings together gameplay and controls in a way I (and many many others) have never experienced. Story is short (3-4 hours) and deserves to be played in one sitting. Although keyboard support exists in the game, it ruins the togetherness of the gameplay and controls mentioned previously.This game is very prone to spoilers that ruin the story. Tread carefully when reading even professional reviews."
,Recommended,225080,19055614,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,JunkBlader,you cant hate it! such a lovely story of a brother and their little adventurer the gameplay was new to me but it make the game more enjoyable.the only thing i have problem with this game that its short .get it it worth it.
,Recommended,225080,19331503,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Video Game Knight,"This game is great. There is no other words to describe it. It hits every mark it intented to hit and hit it well.The story is sweet and touching, however I suggest doing the whole playthrough in one sitting. While not required, it will keep you immersed in the world from beginning to end. Besides, the game is not that long so most people who can set aside 3 hours will have it done in that time.If you are not the type of person to play a game for the story of it then perhaps you might find the puzzles too simple or whatever but the story is decent enough that most people would love it provided they enjoy story telling. This game is one of the best adventure games I have played and I cannot recommend it enough it is worth the price tag for such a unique experience."
,Recommended,225080,8701337,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,Shakarak -,This game while not difficult was a beautifully crafted interactive story.   I really enjoyed my time with this game.  Surround sound really immerses you in the music and locales as well.
,Recommended,225080,8823265,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,moss_icon,"This game creates an amazing sense of place and history of the world you experience, without ever telling you anything. It's all done through the graphics and little touches that you encounter whilst playing. Quite something really. The game itself is a fairly simple puzzle adventure but with unique gameplay elements, and the graphics and design take it to an extra level. Wonderful. Short and sweet, yet with emotional depth. There is one part in particular where you have to do something that I can't spoil that I would never have expected to encounter in a video game...You should definitely play it.PS The spiritual successor to Head over Heels?"
,Recommended,225080,11390001,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Borntral,"What an astonishing game! The story is stunning, the graphics are harmonious and the sound is lovely. Even without a controller the game can be played.If the directional keys wont work, especially when using S and D, try the POS1, Del, End and Page-Down keys. But you have to tap the shown tutorial keys, because the wont update to your settings.This game is intended to be played alone, but it is also fun cooperational."
,Recommended,225080,9578713,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Ignus,"""Brothers"" tells a story of beauty and cruelty that explores areas of human experience overlooked or mishandled by the vast majority of games. Not only that, but the mechanics are intertwined with the narrative on a fundamental level, inseparable and symbiotic. The final passage of the game (no spoilers) is particularly powerful, forcing the player him/herself to engage physically and, as a result, emotionally in the events that have come to pass.It's an experience that will stay with you long after it's over and will colour how you view interactice narratives in future."
,Recommended,225080,8760730,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,supersonic,"Great visuals, unique gameplay, amazing story. Play this game."
,Recommended,225080,22501999,"Posted: 18 April, 2016",all,Boxa,"Brothers is a pretty good game, really well made. This game has a pretty unique and interesting mechanic, where you control both brothers. It can be a bit hard to master, but it is actually not unfair at all. Usually the game gives you pretty good time before hand, so you know what to do.It is better played with a controller, since you control each brother with half of the controller, but is actually playable with the keyboard. By the way, there is a certain part of the game that I couldn't pass with the controller, only with the keyboard, because of a bug, I guess.This game, unfortunately, has some bugs and glitches that can spoil the fun a bit. I even had to start a level again, because the mechanism of the level simply didn't want to work. But, it is still pretty short, so you won't spend that much time.It is also pretty, really pretty, and I mean it both aesthetically and story-wise. The graphics are actually simple, but it works pretty well and makes things really cool to admire.The story is actually pretty deep. Even though you don't understand a single word from the boys (they speak in a foreign language) their actions make for everything. Pretty well told.You will have some good time with it.Also, it is, at sales, at some pretty cheap prices."
76561198036574574,Recommended,225080,24199107,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,potatocat,"I don't speak Swedish, but without understanding a word, Brothers left me with lingering emotions long after I completed the game. Brothers is mechanically simple - the puzzles aren't very difficult and there aren't any complex gimmicks. The story is straightforward and progresses at an easy pace. The primary reason for playing this game is the story anyway. It's more than just the plot, I think, that made the largest impact on me and made it stick. The little details peppered throughout the levels tell stories on their own (i.e. complete the achievements!). The landscapes are utterly gorgeous (reminds me of The Lord of the Rings, actually), and vivid as well.It's a game worth playing but don't expect to just casually burn through it like any other - this is one to savor for the details and the storytelling. Highly recommended."
76561198128285760,Recommended,225080,24284713,"Posted: 12 July, 2016",all,JimSam,"Not much to say that hasn't already been said about this.An emotional journey of two brothers that you control at the same time. Controls might feel a bit weird to get used to at first but the game never becomes enough challenging to frustrate you. That could be the only downside of this overall great (but short!) experience, as it is more about the journey and the narrative than some deeper gameplay mechanics. That does not mean that gameplay doesn't exist and at times it shows some nice creativity in the ways the brothers continue with their quest. But it is obvious that the game aims to move you emotionally and does a great job and with no words uttered in its entirety!Oh and it's also as fun as Grave of the Fireflies."
,Recommended,225080,19943507,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,H3inrIch,"After playing this game, LT won't have the same meaning to you anymore."
,Recommended,225080,24213232,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,balerina,"Great little game that challanges your ability to control 2 characters at once - it is not easy to always use each hand for each brother simulatenously.I like that in this game I cant fall of cliffs by accidentaly walking too far, for once i welcome invisible walls.It was a bit hard to play all game with Steam Controller, Xbox or PS controllers could be easier because of 2 sticks, one for each brother. I had to swapt to keyboard a few times, especially for little brothers controls in some parts of the game.Although there are some fun moments in this game, the overall mood in this game is not he happiest one."
,Recommended,225080,8398150,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Lynox,"What a game! Played it in one session of 4 hours long, but it was totally worth it and I recommend you to also do that when you play this. And PLEASE buy it because it's so amazing how such a short story can be so incredibly good and packed with a lot of emotion, while being surrounded by a beautiful atmosphere. You have to experience this."
,Recommended,225080,8407936,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Starbell,"This game had a very emotional story. It was rather short - I completed it in 3 hours or so (not completing all the achieves which I plan to go back and do). That being said, I thought it was a great game. The graphics were very pretty.  The only negative I can see is if you don't have a controller. I played with one, but I can see the game being very difficult to play without. I'd certainly say it's worth the price tag though if you like games with a good story!"
,Recommended,225080,9035946,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,bolaum,There is nothing else to say except that this is a masterpiece. Go play it right now.10/10
,Recommended,225080,9272365,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Aeolian Mode,"*me screaming at game* HOW COULD YOU DO THIS TO ME?*ahem*Okay, let me give this game a more satisfactory review.(Mild spoilers below)When I was a film student in college, my film professor loved hammering in this idea to his students: sound is everything. And lack thereof. He prefers silent films for this reason: visual storytelling should not rely on sound to create the story. Sound should be a suppliment to that story, not a crutch. And, when done right, the right sound effects in the right place can drastically heighten emotional impact.Good sound design is one of those things that often goes unnoticed in film and game critique. And Brothers has good sound design.The lack of understandable dialogue actually makes the story better because it forces us to discern the story from simple action alone. Oftentimes I found myself rationalizing the actions of the brothers and other NPCs by determining their emotions from their actions. Such as the crying forest giant- context allowed me to discern that someone he loved was gone. That was just one example of many I found myself thinking as I played the game. Don't give your audience 4: give them 2+2. Let them figure it out. That's why this game doesn't need dialogue.The music only has a discernable melody and composition when in emotionally intense situations. Otherwise, it is atmospheric, indecipherable sounds. This is effective because if a musician relies too much on bombarding our senses with fantastic melodies at all times, we will not be able to appreciate a moment when it truly calls for some riveting emotions. So, when you're just wandering the land, accomplishing small tasks, the music remains quiet, pensive, and ambient. When something big is going on... it's spine-chilling. Contrast is everything!The sound effects are immersive because they draw from the environment, and you can often hear things coming before you see them. This is effective because when you are traveling around in real life, out in the woods or even on city streets, oftentimes you will hear things before you see them coming. This is something we have tended to take for granted, but you can tell this was intentionally designed in the game.Of course, the art direction was gorgeous. I especially love the fact that the characters are not rendered in an attempt for photorealism like many triple A titles these days. You simply don't need that. Stylized, abstracted forms are more pleasing to the eye IMO. Attempting photorealistic characters in a video game is just too uncanny valley for my tastes.The *colors*, man. The light and shadows. The composition. It's a visual masterpiece.And the ending. I don't have to explain why it's so chilling and amazing.What are you waiting for... buy this game!"
,Recommended,225080,14216955,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,AllTracTurbo,"I don't think I could say anything about this game that hasen't been said in the other 13,700 positive reviews at the time of writing this. This is an absolutely beautiful and atmospheric game. If you think there is any chance you might enjoy this type of game, just get it, you won't regret it. It's a little short at 4 to 5 hours, but it's worth it.The game was designed for an xbox 360 controller. You can play with a keyboard, but you will have a problem at 2 parts in the game. You can get through these parts, but you will have to hold a button down for a few minutes at those 2 parts instead of about 10 seconds. You can use other dual stick controllers (I used a PS2 controller), but you will probably need to use a small free program called x360ce which is an xbox 360 controller emulator. This will tell the game you are using an xbox controller and the program will let you map the keys on your controller. If you are using a PS2 controller and the right stick doesn't map correctly, search online and there is a patch that will fix it."
,Recommended,225080,21294013,"Posted: 18 February, 2016",all,SHARD,"Rating: EssentialThe definition of ""short and sweet"", Brothers paints a magical land steeped in Nordic fairy tale traditions, all while providing an emotional connection to the characters rarely experienced in games.It's a visual and aural feast with a charming art style and a fantastic score that accentuates the sense of adventure and isolation you experience throughout your journey.It took me 3 hours to complete, but the experience has stuck with me ever since. It's very well priced for what you get.I rate this game:EssentialRecommendedConditionally recommendedNot recommendedAvoid"
,Recommended,225080,8664844,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Nuuskiss,"Highly emotive, incredibly well crafted adventure game about sadness and happiness, hatred and love.3 hours story might be short but surely unforgettable! Technically can be played 2 players co-op, especially if you have an additional pad!"
,Recommended,225080,20232896,"Posted: 2 January, 2016",all,Dumdeedum,"Really nice game, very pretty, wonderfully inventive and some fun puzzles too.  Basically a fairy tale in the Grimm vein made into videogame form.  It is, however, awfully short so don't expect it to last more than a couple of sittings.Oh, and what you're made to do at the end is frankly morbid for morbid's sake, but other than that it's a charming little tale."
,Recommended,225080,19225787,"Posted: 22 November, 2015",all,Grau,"Easy and simple but entertaining.It's a nonstandard adventure. I mean, you control two characters simultaneously with both analog sticks (controller required). And there's no killing, violence, prejudice, malice, etc...Also, you don't need a lot of dexterity or instant reflexes, though it takes some time to get used to controlling two characters at the same time. Just two sticks and two buttons for action (and two other optional buttons for camera rotation).Recommended for those times you just want to relax playing something easy and inoffensive, with a beautiful story."
,Recommended,225080,7845903,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,Krogoth,"A short game, but that does mean that it doesn't outstay its welcome. It's enjoyable while it lasts, though you will probably feel like an idiot for a few minutes until you get the hang of controlling the two characters simultaneously. Overall I'd highly recommend it, though be warned that it may make you feel feelings and stuff."
76561198076579805,Recommended,225080,8400386,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,† TURBO KILLER †,"Superb. A truly wonderful experience that had me on a rollercoaster of emotions as well as having intuitive and engaging ""single player co-op"" gameplay. This game gets an A/5 from me."
76561198041393303,Recommended,225080,27069086,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Weixiong,"I'm not crying, there is something in my eye awardSteam awards made me review this :) but i always recommended it to everyone, awesome game :)"
,Recommended,225080,10925354,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Beardface,"Jesus, my feels.This is one of the most haunting adventure games since ICO, or Shadow of the Colossus.  Absolutely worth your time."
,Recommended,225080,8382699,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,PR0XIDIAN,"I teared up at the end of this game.  Seriously one of the best told stories in gaming. This game really is sad. The graphics are beautiful as it will take you to places unimaginable. It says below that it requires a controller to play, but that isn't exactly true. The game has been updated since launch to support a keyboard, but it /should/ be played with a controller.  I do have a full lets play of the game here.http://youtu.be/vtZTdxKtb44"
,Recommended,225080,10821342,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Jolly Roger,"TIME: 3 - 4 hoursDIFFICULTY: Low - IntermediateCONTROLLER: RequiredRECOMMENDED: YesA wonderful fairy tale; it hit all the right notes for me from whimsical to surprisingly dark. Visually it feels like it draws from Fable TLC with a touch of Shadow of the Colossus. I'm not a huge fan of the music by itself, but in the context of the game world, I think it does a great job at setting the mood of different set pieces.This game does have a learning curve, mechanically - both brothers are controlled simulaneously using the R/L sticks and triggers, which can get a little confusing. The gameplay itself isn't anything revelatory, but that ""dual control"" mechanic provides some interesting coordination puzzle opportunities.The only downsides were some technical shortcomings: choppy framerate that occasionally dropped to +/- 20 (but was stable at 30 enough to keep me satisfied) and texture popping can sort of take you out of it. I paid $3 for this on sale, but I think it's worth the full asking price of $15, even as a shorter experience."
,Recommended,225080,8527398,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,StarkWinterLager,"So many manly tears.The game starts out really slow and lawdy lawd knows I was considering not playing it for a huge while. But then once you're past the first main area outside of town, it gets extremely good. The story, and especially the last 30 minutes, pack a really strong emotional punch that if I had been by myself in the room I would have cried like a little girl.It's about 3-4 hours or so for most people. While I wouldn't pay full price for it, I'd wait for a sale, it's an experience that MUST be had. Especially if you like stories of family and loss.9/10 could not be further from the truth. It's not a flawless game, but way above average."
,Recommended,225080,10194067,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Doomtack,"Impressive Visuals,Great Audio,Unique and Fun Gameplay,Riveting, Compelling, Heart Wrenching Story...Excellent game.I recommend playing with a controller, And i definitely recommend playing this game!"
,Recommended,225080,18881119,"Posted: 4 November, 2015",all,Aeolus Totalis,"Incredible graphics. Transcending soundtracks. Short but beautiful story. Unique co-op game between two hands of one person. I cried watching the story finish.You are my boy, blue!!!11/10 would buy again."
,Recommended,225080,24639602,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,koral06,"Though there is no clear language spoken in this game, its pretty much understood that two brothers are set out on a journey to find some miracle cure for their father. What makes this game unique is you must control both brothers at the same time, which with the keyboard is especially challenging. Beautiful scenery and a simplified story line make this game worthy.Aside from the challenging game play with the keyboard, which I'm told having a controller is much easier, the gameplay is interesting and amazing. There's not any real fighting per se, but some simple puzzles you must solve to continue on. Took me about 3 hours to complete it but still well worth the money.stupid ninja onions made my face wet near the end."
,Recommended,225080,13634893,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,hussain_puranwala,Cool Game nd Very good Graphics
,Recommended,225080,18337464,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,Made With Real Chicken,"This game gave me the feels harder than any game since To the Moon. Brothers is a wonderful story-driven puzzle game with really unique and intuitive game design. The soundtrack and scenery are amazingly well done, and the game feels fun all the way through. Definitely worth buying."
,Recommended,225080,11327886,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,eziowith550ti,Just amazing <3
,Recommended,225080,13636356,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Midya,10/10
76561197970573862,Recommended,225080,13646105,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Zidz,Buy this game
76561198006639211,Recommended,225080,18061062,"Posted: 16 September, 2015",all,Waikiki,"Calm, melancholy, sad and oh so beautiful.I played this game together with my daughter some time ago. Ever since we were looking for a comparable game and found none. Brothers is a fairytale for adults and children alike.The game sets its focus on storytelling. Some minor to slightly challenging puzzles are included. In the best case you play the game together with another person, it is designed as a two player co-op game. The game can be categorized as a non mouse controlled fairytale adventure game. The music, the graphic and the atmosphere are hauntingly beautiful. I can only recommend everyone who is looking for a new way of experiencing a fairytale to try this game. Well, I recommend this game actually to everyone. The loving craftsmanship the game makers put into this game is present every second.I am playing this game the second time now, again together with my daughter. So what are you waiting for?"
,Recommended,225080,13941465,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,8 Ball Wonder,"Brothers - A Tale of Two Sons is a game in which the world and its characters, despite the fact they speak sims language, feels so real and cohesive it leaves a lasting impact on you. To add to that, it's engaging and simple story coupled with the ""Singe player Co-op"" gameplay create an amazing game worthy of play for anyone who can get their hands on it."
,Recommended,225080,14274007,"Posted: 31 January, 2015",all,ninjanels,Beautiful game! The story offers great character moments and surprises! A work of art!
,Recommended,225080,462790,"Posted: 6 September, 2013",all,Jim2point0,"I'm really loving this. It's a very charming game with a nice art style.Controlling 2 characters at once to solve puzzles is kinda fun. It's one of those games I look forward to continuing, rather than pushing through for screenshots :)"
,Recommended,225080,13624107,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Ozge Katip,"Played this game with my brother, broke down in tears at the end of the game.11/10"
76561198059400360,Recommended,225080,10807350,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,ShadowGlare,You have no soul if you do not cry during this game.
,Recommended,225080,13692510,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,IX,"Wow, was not expecting that! I picked this up in a sale for $3 and even though its short the experience is easily worth $20.I finished it in 3.3 hours but was captivated from the start until the end. The art style is absolutely gorgeous and at certain points in the game there are benches where you can sit and just look at the beautiful vistas and usually get an overview of where you'll be heading next.With a control scheme that works perfectly there's no need for any HUD elements so you can totally immerse yourself in the game. Auto-save system worked well. The puzzles aren't going to strain your brain but they're fun enough to work out. Controller rumble effects are used sparingly and are saved for moments that suit the effect.Sound effects are decent and the musical score fits well to enhance what's happening in the game at any moment. I think the decision to have the dialogue is in what I assume is a made up tongue actually benefits the story as everything else comes together so well that you know what they're saying even though you don't know what they're saying.Solid 9/10Note: A controller is not technically required but playing on keyboard is a much lesser experience.Basically, if you already have a controller; buy this game.If you don't have a controller, buy one, then buy this game."
,Recommended,225080,13530383,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,skaven,Amazing game. Highly recommended!
76561198024746614,Recommended,225080,13242765,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,SeferSephiroth,Manly tears were shed...10/10 would cry again
,Recommended,225080,13650948,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Dominik,"I'm sorry I didn't get all of the achievements on my first playthrough because there's no way in hell I'm going through that emotional rollercoaster again. However, you should if you haven't already because this is a beautiful artistic puzzle-platformer that didn't get enough attention in the mainstream media."
,Recommended,225080,17340880,"Posted: 1 August, 2015",all,Coronaxe,"A game, so masterfully crafted, it's breathtaking;Brothers: A tale of two sons puts you in the shoes of two young brothers (hence the name of the game), trying to help their father by finding a cure.You venture out into the mysterious and strange lands, populated by creatures you'd not expect to exist.Brothers is a game made solely for the purpose of telling a good, interesting story, which would be more than good enough to sell as a book.The artwork and music are both ingenius and although the visuals may be outdated, they immerse you anyways.At this point I'd like to point out the following things:This game isONLYplayable via a compatible controller!The visuals are not top notch, please view ingame-screenshots or watch a short video to see, if you're okay with that!The story isVERYshort. If you calculate achievement hunting into the mix, you'll barely scratch the 3 hour mark!If you can look past all that, I'd say, that you should go pick it up. Otherwise I'd advise to wait for the game to be in sale!I hope you found my review helpful and that it aided you deciding, wether or not to buy this product!"
,Recommended,225080,11297924,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,1 salmins > 15 svegi,A very good story-telling game. Its a shame its a bit short.
,Recommended,225080,13675305,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,BG51,"A very nice game all in all.Nice graphics.Good storyline.Good working mechanics, not once did I get frustrated with the controls (Although I did use the Xbox 360 controller).Full price of €15,- is a bit pricy compared to the amount of hours it takes to finish the game.So try and get it during a sale (I got it for €1,49)."
76561197993638844,Recommended,225080,13335423,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Bimbrownikus,I agree.I won't play this game again.Never.
,Recommended,225080,16545207,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Ehn Jee,"Probably the best example one can refer to when making the ""games are art"" argument. Unique gameplay mechanics lend themselves well to novel puzzle design, a mysterious world, an amazing soundtrack, and above all an amazing story told without words and in 3 hours. This indie gem shouldn't be skipped as everyone owes it to themselves to experience this truly unique game."
,Recommended,225080,13942963,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,Renegade,Epic game. Innovative. Highly recommend to all. Great story and gameplay.
,Recommended,225080,10827825,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,CiriolaLP,"Although a short game, totally worth it.Awesome immersion.I was able to play egregially even with keyboard (but you have to pay attention at the ghosting of your keyboard, so be careful)I almost cried once.For this price at the summer sales... BUY. For the normal price... buy! :POverall 8/10 (not higher mostly couse of menu end porting related stuff)"
76561198043080669,Recommended,225080,13626196,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Blood Gang Trayvon,"Saddest game, yet one of the best. It really makes you feel to true power video games have in story-telling world. No movie can make you feel this way. Excelent graphics paired with amazing controls create a masterpiece. Must buy, especially when on sale.10/10"
,Recommended,225080,3912234,"Posted: 9 September, 2013",all,Deturis,"If you played Journey you will probably like this title. If you didn't I would probably recommend to wait for a discount. The game itself is a emotional rollercoaster with puzzles and platformer elements, something fresh to play between shooting galleries and linear corridors. Ah, yes and TotalBiscuit said that this game is better than his previous best game ever - Journey. Spoiler: No, it's not. 7/10"
,Recommended,225080,8410484,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Asandir,"Very touching story and the art style and changes in scenery took my breath away. I made like 50 screenshots while playing this game. All characters you meet on on your journey are well fleshed out and they have an own backstory that you can find out by playing attention to the environment which you should do since there are also some non-mandatory minor side quests. Gameplay wise it's pretty well done in terms of controlling two characters, the puzzles were all pretty easy but had nice variety. A short but fantastic experience. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,225080,8612450,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Amber,"This game is beautiful in every sense of the word. There are so many little animations that the studio *didn't have to do*, which I know costs money and is often cut from games... and I adore them for this. The narrative is seamlessly woven into the game mechanics, which makes it deliciously immersive and fun instead of repetitive. This game is set in a gorgeous world. It is short, but it fills you with a sense of childlike wonder and adventure.  Thank you, Starbreeze Studios. Please continue to make beautiful little gems like this. 10/10"
,Recommended,225080,13488672,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Unicorn Lick Ass Pride-Man,Is good. But you control with analog. Why not digital?I want to go fast. Gotta go fast. Like SANIC.http://fc03.deviantart.net/fs70/f/2014/010/d/2/sanic_by_daltond-d71lysv.pngWhy are they brothers? It does not make sense. I want to play sister.Or mabye cousin? Cousin would be good.Thank You.
,Recommended,225080,9600421,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Tweeter,"Brothers is a neat game that uses nothing but a stick and a trigger, each pair controlling each brother independently.  Gameplay is comprised of platforming and some coop style puzzles.  None of it is difficult in the least but it has a small sense of satisfaction I guess.  The people who play a game for art style and story is where this game is at home.Overall it's an ok game and worth a playthrough if you get it on sale.  Doesnt have a lot of replay value in my opinion and the story only took me ~2.5 hours.  But it has some neat gameplay elements and the art style is neat."
,Recommended,225080,8403923,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Molokax,"Beautiful game with a really good atmosphere (graphics, light management etc.). Immerse yourself in a deep and engaging fraternal adventure (maybe a little short)."
,Recommended,225080,8790246,"Posted: 20 January, 2014",all,cri74,"A beautifull game that challenges your coordination. Control two brothers on a journey to find the medicine for their father, and andventure through a magical land filled with refrences to the bedtime stories you heard as a kid. This is a fantastic game and the trailer does not give it justice im afraid, best played with a gamepad."
76561198260938644,Recommended,225080,32890863,Posted: 27 June,all,Frodo,"Excellent game. Decided to just play-through it in one sitting so it took me three hours. Entertaining and enthralling story/gameplay. I would not have bought this game had it been full price though, it's easily a $10 game maybe even less but not worth $14.99. Luckily I got it for $1.49 which I highly recommend doing when it's on sale this low. Very cool game, enjoyed it a lot!"
,Recommended,225080,13745677,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,dknyxh,"Gorgeous. Impressive game.Great design. 10/10I got stucked in a level where there was a invisible troll and i had to go across bridge for about 10 minutes. I dont know what to do since there was absolutely no hint and i just ran and got caught..However, still really good game."
76561198052576632,Recommended,225080,19348040,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Bubble,"Warning: This game will send you on an emotional rollercoaster, but the fact that it manages to do so alone is worth this amazing experience."
,Recommended,225080,15033410,"Posted: 24 March, 2015",all,The Legend of Deli Balta,I played with my Maniac big brother and it was so touching Maniac !
76561198011526588,Recommended,225080,13766302,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Captain James,I purchased this game and played it form start to finish in one sitting.I couldn't stop playing it once I had started.Not only is it one of the most beautiful games that I have ever played but it is also one of the very best games too. Simply stunning and thoroughly recommended to all.
,Recommended,225080,12473611,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,---,"Brothers is a perfect example of where I think video games should be going. More than anything else, I am incredibly impressed by Brothers' ability to integrate gameplay mechanics and storytelling in such a way that each complement each other. The thing is, despite video games being an interactive medium, few games seem to take full advantage of this fact. I've played games with great mechanics. I've also played games with great stories.  Hell, I've even played games with both great mechanics and great stories. But Brothers is even more than that. What this game manages to do is give emotional weight to gameplay mechanics. By doing this, Brothers takes full advantage of the agency of the player, deepening the emotional bonds produced over a relatively short few hours. I hope developers take a close look at this game."
,Recommended,225080,17911926,"Posted: 6 September, 2015",all,chaser,"Brothers - A Tale of Two Sons is one of the most beautiful puzzle-platformers to exist. The visuals are gorgeous, the characters and levels are well designed and interesting, the settings are engaging, the soundtrack is great and the story is enthralling. The game is ultimately quite short but I loved every second I spent with it and can see myself playing through it again sometime. Recommended for anyone who likes fun and/or being sad."
76561198020714041,Recommended,225080,11619743,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,[GoT] Myth1c,"Brothers - A Tale of Two Sons... I can only say, this game is definitly worth your time and effort!The game is an mere 3-4 hours long, but the story is captivating all the way through and is a gorgeous looker.Brothers - A Tale of Two Sons tells the story of two brothers who go on a quest to find a medicine for their ill father. While their journey starts out nice and happy, it unfolds in a rather grimm but beautiful ending.Slight warning, you need a controller to play this game!Buy this, play this, love it!"
76561198062481627,Recommended,225080,28932389,Posted: 2 January,all,ScolioReset,"I'm actually afraid to play this game again because of its impact on me. Apart from one game, I don't think I cried that much playing an interactive piece of media. Brothers can be tricky at first but then you become invested with the brothers and what follows are incredible setpieces but you are constantly evolved within the story thanks to the controls and the cooperative nature of the product. This is the kind of game you play once and never come back. You won't be the same after playing Brothers. None of the emotions you may feel will be forced onto you as you play. It'll just be natural. The game won't tell you to feel a certain way.Just funny that a filmmaker does a better game than the other narcissic and pretentious titles that garnered the attention of the mainstream gaming media. Play this game, please. Lock the door, close your phone and play it! One single playthrough, don't stop and keep up going. The ending is one of the most satisfying yet crushing moments of gaming history as we know it. Don't watch any Let's Play or Twitch sessions, you'll ruin it for yourself! I know I feel like I repeat someone's words but trust me, it's the right thing to do. Play it!"
,Recommended,225080,27490132,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,YoureWithStupid,I almost didnt cry.. almost.
,Recommended,225080,9619871,"Posted: 24 March, 2014",all,hoshiro.exsharaen,"Great game. It's only 3 hours of gameplay, but the storytelling is good. No text to read, no narrators, even no English! Let your imagination play part to interpret the story. Gameplay is unique: although at first it might be difficult to move and act both brothers at the same time, after some time it's just easy to do. Controller is recommended, although keyboard will do just fine.Be prepared to get emotionally bound with the brothers.Don't play using walkthrough. Achievements are optional, you won't get it if you just follow the normal path, so explore some more."
76561198051001731,Recommended,225080,11676438,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Chepa,"Ke hře jsem přišel až po dlouhé době a po hromadě doporučení od kamarádu, jak výborná hra to je. Nejdřív jsem si řikal, že mě hra nevezme skrz prakticky zádný dialog/monolog, ale hodně jsem se pletl. Teď můžu s klidem říct, že Voice Acting tu hru vyzdvihuje do výšin a s klasickými dialogy by to nebylo to pravé.Po Gameplay stránce hry jsem měl zezačátku docela problém s ovládáním, to se ovšem člověk během par minut naučí a pak už (až na některé případy) nemá problém. Nazval bych to takový ""Ultimate Gamepad Training"" :D. Během hry se člověk vůbec nenudí, protože jednoduše pořád je co dělat a co řešit. Každou chvíli je nějaký puzzle a hlavně se neopakují. V každé sekci je unikátní set puzzlů s jiným prostředím a žádným stereotypem.Po příběhové stránce tato hra chytne hodně za srdce a nepustí. Je to až neuvěřítelné jak kombinace Hudby a nesrozumitelné řeči dokáže vyvolat takové emoce.U hry jsem se moc bavil a nevadí mi, že je dlouhá 2-3 hodiny, protože jsou to 3 hodiny zábavy a né žádneho stereotypu."
,Recommended,225080,31910007,Posted: 22 May,all,TuanMuda,I dont understand why all of my achievement are missing :(
,Recommended,225080,14908534,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,Turduckin,"Finally got around to playing ""Brothers - A tale of two sons"". It only took me 3 hours and was /well/ worth the time I put it. It is exactly what I wanted in a game. Interactive Narrative. Mostly story, with engaging mechanics (though simplistic) 10/10."
,Recommended,225080,33069792,Posted: 30 June,all,unforgiven,Simple game.Great story.Unique controls.Unforgettable experience.Loved it.
,Recommended,225080,32950167,Posted: 28 June,all,Celery,"Brothers has a simple concept and limited scope, but as such it's one of the best-designed games ever. Controlling the characters is very fun, and the story is told beautifully in ways that could only be done in a video game. Truly a masterpiece in its medium."
,Recommended,225080,9722324,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Halflight,"Brothers - A Tale of Two Sons is a puzzle platform game that gives you control of two brothers while they search for a mystical medicine able to save their father from death.The game allows you to command the two boys at once taking advantage of the mandatory controller input. While the whole button scheme can appear complex at the beginning, it quickly grows very comfortable to the player after some minutes in. Brothers is also able to use the simple premise of the gameplay to issue you more and more original challenges as you progress in the game, never giving you the feeling you are doing the same thing over and over again.While the artistic direction is pretty gorgeous and gives away a distinct fairy tale vibe and the writing isn't afraid of getting darker and darker as the boys' quest advances, Brothers - A Tale of Two sons is remarkably short: I was able to clear it in under four hours. Still, the title is definetly worth a shot"
76561197972500417,Recommended,225080,9885097,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Jake the Virtual Hedgehog,"I'd call this an experience more than a game.Lovely story telling, engaging and immersive world, moving art, as well as fun and unique gameplay. The game is not challenging, nor is it long, but there are moments where you have to slow your brain down to analyze what you actually have to do, since each thumbstick controls each character independently.The only con I'd give it is the price, since the replay value for me will be very low. It is really a wonderful experience, but if you're on a budget or are looking for a game you can get multiple hours of play out of, this might not be the best place to put your $15."
76561197985526920,Recommended,225080,9769427,"Posted: 9 April, 2014",all,Crimson,"It's hard to tell, what makes this game so amazing, without spoilering it. So just a little bit for the story: You will propably be amazed towards the end, in a new and fresh way. The game is playing with your feelings all the time, through it's look, it's atmosphere, it's handling and it's story. It's beautiful and has a unique way of introducing fantastic elements in the environment. Worth buying, for sure!"
,Recommended,225080,9870127,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Salmanz,"peaceful game that doesn't work your brain too much, very relaxing with a good story that moves you..but still a typical story..very short game but nice 8/10"
76561198070925646,Recommended,225080,19939882,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,↫Kuld↬,veeeri guud 2 pleier keim
,Recommended,225080,8372243,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Kaen Harel,"Really nice game, somehow touching, recommend"
76561197960344050,Recommended,225080,22630032,"Posted: 25 April, 2016",all,muh,All is said in other reviews - its wonderful.You could play it also with a friend to discuss and explore the game simultaneously via voice.
,Recommended,225080,23768804,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,Mr. Mustard,"This game is very short, but damn it is worth playing. The world is beautiful and the story is simple and touching in many ways. I got this game for 1,49€ on summer sale, and dammit if it wasn't the best 1,49€ I've spent on Steam.I'm not sure I would have bought it for full price considering the time it took to beat it, but if it's on sale just buy it!"
,Recommended,225080,17447469,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Skl3ros,"Incredibly beautiful, clever gameplay and an unexpected ending. Easiest recommendation ever."
76561198052061638,Recommended,225080,24153321,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Solum,"This was a fairly enjoyable game.The story is nice and simplistic.The speech is mainly random gibberish but the actions makes what their saying obvious and the characters are actually portrayed quite well and there is even a little bit of character development.The gameplay and controls is interesting and original, although it is ultimately very simple.I think what really makes the game shine is the story telling and the world itself. They had pretty good ideas for the world and the atmosphere changed really well with the music, background details and other things.You go through each area relatively quickly though and it almost feels like just a snapshot of what could have been,At the end I couldn't help but feel this entire game was simply a prologue for a bigger game.You can see how the little brother develops and becomes stronger both physically and mentally after his elder brother's death, and I sortof thought this game would work as a good prologue story for a story where the little brother grows up to be a hero or something. This is all just personal opinion and has nothing to do with what the developer intended.Ultimately, its a very simple but beautifully made game with alot of heart put into it."
,Recommended,225080,29106954,Posted: 7 January,all,NeZ,"Grab your gf, take your time. A++."
76561198180940251,Recommended,225080,33255215,Posted: 4 July,all,Zer0,"I highly reccomend this little game. The game itself is only a few hours, but that is for the better, as it remains fresh, imaginative, and inspiring throughout the entire run. The controls are wonky, as they were designed for a controller; but are pretty easy to master with the keyboard once you get used to it- there is a reason for them.I highly encourage anyone who hasn't yet to pick this one up, and if the price seems too pricey, snatch it on discount. This is a must buy."
,Recommended,225080,33941807,Posted: 31 July,all,andiznit,"Hey Steamboats, this game is pretty good. Very moving and heart warming."
,Recommended,225080,21259601,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Zeela,"Beautiful story, beautiful art, beautiful gameplay, 1000% recommended <3"
,Recommended,225080,29449524,Posted: 23 January,all,Chiamires,Etremely good and heartwarming (yet short) adventure game. The only downside is that it gets a little clumpy to control both brothers but otherwise it is a superb game.
,Recommended,225080,10568283,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Skeletor68,"An absolute triumph in game design and storytelling. Mechanically, aesthetically and emotionally compelling."
,Recommended,225080,31578031,Posted: 6 May,all,DOBERMAN AX,"In my opinion, this is one of the best games to come out in the last decade. Sometimes less is more. Play this game. Don't use guides on your first playthrough. It's an emotional rollercoaster that needs to be experienced in an unfiltered or spoiled state.Recession of the game seems to be split from one of two extremes, with myself being on the side of overwhelming positivity. Even if the game doesn't move you to that level of intensity, the interesting controls and puzzles should leave you satisfied for a few hours with an urge to go through it again at some point or another."
76561197986150023,Recommended,225080,14667587,"Posted: 26 February, 2015",all,kevci,"From my childhood I maintained a sensible and close relation with fairy tales. Later on that turned into an affection for cartoons, providing an enchanting athmosphere for the never-to-grow-up child inside of us. If you have ever longed for grasping that feel of the ancient lovable fairytales in a game, this title is ment for you.Brothers places together all the parts necessary to build up a story around you that will stick you down into your chair. You start with a sick father and two worried brothers, setting out for the journey to get the cure which can save the old man. The game is basically made for co-op play on one machine, but it can be a tricky  finger excercise for single player as well. We have played through the whole adventure with my girlfriend in two days. That might seem a bit short, but considering the common adventure, it turned out to be just the right amount of time to delight the both of us. The game mechanincs are quite simple: one brother suitable for the first move of the puzzle goes ahead while the other will depend on the former's help to push through. One striking feature is the storytelling without a single articulate word. The characters behave and talk in a way that will surely make you understand whatever is happening at the moment. Among such circumstances imagery will take the leading role and that is another remarkable aspect of the game. Every last frame of it is well-planned and all of the screenshots you take would make a nice picture in your bedroom (believe me, or look it up in my screenshot section - spoilers at later pictures!!). The textures, tones and camera settings build up a marvelously charming athmosphere, leaving you stunned for several seconds with the scenery. You can practically feel the hours of carefuly artistic work put into the job all throughout your adventure. Not only is the artistically composed masterpiece a memorable experience, but it also hints you slightly with fable like qualities. I would hate to say too much, I suggest you jump right into it."
76561197985385341,Recommended,225080,14687808,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,ʠʠ,"Best short game I have ever play.It is short but 11/10 on that Storyline.+Wondering Graphics+The feel is too strong to handle+ FEEL the emotion!ALL ABOUT THAT FEEL!+ No English but you can understand what they're trying to say or point out.In short, just buy it and play it. Enjoy the game in every possible way.Is it worth that amount? Hm.. kinda no but if it is on discount 110% yes it is worth it."
76561197970726033,Recommended,225080,14726422,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,GitDat,A very refreshing break from the norm. This game caught me off guard and is now one of my favorites of all time. Stunning on triple monitor in 3D :)
76561198116144598,Recommended,225080,13683980,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Kusu,"You know those games where developers have a concept and they develop it to perfection? This is one of them.Whether or not you enjoy the game, that's another point, but this is a wonderful work of art.Make sure you buy this only if you're into story driven and\or puzzle games - and if none spoiled the end for you"
76561198024256225,Recommended,225080,19489685,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Cendir,This is the closest i have ever see na game measure up to Journey (THE PS EXCLUSIVE) A beutiful and simple game. Its one  of those games that makes Video games art .
,Recommended,225080,24110647,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Thetigerisariver,"I often find myself disinterested in strongly story-focused videogames. If I wanted to read or watch a story unfold, I would pick up a book or a movie, respectively.But I completely adored Brothers.Why do we love stories? Personally I think it's because we look to stories for reflection of our experiences, and we love to be emotionaly manipulated. Brothers will make you feel all kinds of emotions, leading you to associate your controler's sticks and buttons with it's characters. I felt commited not to let my fingers slip in dangerous situations, even though I have hand problems and it hurt my wrists.Brothers is also fundamentally a classic fairytale - it's magical and grim; it's characters are confronted with hardships that are often unfair, and everything it has to say about human condition feels very true. You will encounter all kinds of situations that hint at the wider world and what it is like, but without explicit lore, you can only guess at what is going on. After all, your characters are children and even the older one barely understands how the world works.I would rather end the review here, than risk spoiling this amazing game for you. Let me just reiterate that it touched me deeply and I honestly would recommend it to basically anyone."
76561198107966850,Recommended,225080,19520637,"Posted: 6 December, 2015",all,The Walkin Dude,Brothers - A Tale of Two Sons is an excellent example of a game that leaves an impact on you. You will play plenty of games over time but none quite like this title.The game at it's core is a adventure/puzzler and does a great job at giving you a great sense that you are exploring a beautiful fantasy world. I would personally love to see a book written in this world. The story is simple but effective and the game play itself is fun.My only gripe with the title is that there isn't more of it! The game can be clocked in around the 2 hour mark maybe 3-4 if you are an achievement hunter. It would have been great if the title was a little more lengthy and gave you say 10-15 hours. But none the less it was an enjoyable game and I encourage those that are curious to give it a go.
76561198025237822,Recommended,225080,10938755,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Tamiant,"By far one of the most immersive, emotional experiences i've ever had in a video-game. The gameplay while odd at first, is definitely intuitive that adds to the overall experience, the puzzles are challenging and garner a sense of accomplishment upon completion. Though the game lacks any real dialogue (aside from gibberish and hand gestures) the story is an emotional roller-coaster that perfectly blends the two mediums of gameplay and story-telling that leaves a mark when the credits are rolling, I felt that this is one of the very few games that created a real emotional connection.Before you say anything, no this isn't like The Walking Dead or Limbo, games that have recieved a large amount of backlash in the sense that they're not real games, but interactive stories, that is not the case with Brothers. You live the story, you don't sit back and watch thirty minutes of cutscenes with a little bit of game-play in between, a great example of this without spoiling anything, is towards the final act of the game. A scenario which could've easily been shown through a cutscene is instead fully playable, you live out this moment which undeniably leaves a major impact. I've never written a review on Steam before, but after completing this game I was compelled.The game possesses a beautiful  art style that brings out a wonderful yet dark world complemented by a soundtrack that gave a sense of 'awe' that fully captured and immeresed me in these brother's journey.Without a doubt the best $3 i've ever spent I can't reccomend this game enough, grab it while it's cheap. The game will take you around three hours to complete (which is a perfect length for this title) and I reccommend you finish it in one sitting. Lock your doors, switch off your phone, and enjoy the masterpiece that is ""Brothers - A Tale of Two Sons"".P.S. Play with a controller, this game was definitely made for it."
76561198060634908,Recommended,225080,13885644,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,omally72,"I held off playing this game for a long time because it claims to require a controller, which I can't stand using most of the time, and because it was published by 505, who published Payday 2 and How to Survive - neither of which I enjoyed.  This game was quite the pleasant surprise, though.  First off, a controller is not required; using a keyboard can be a bit awkward at times, but will work just fine.  Second, unlike How to Survive, there were no game-breaking bugs, meaning I actually got to finish the game, and I'm glad for it.  This was an amazingly innovative platformer with beautiful artistic design and a well-told story.  It's brief, but it doesn't need to be any longer than it is - in fact, trying to stretch things out to pad the length would have hurt the overall experience.  The puzzles aren't too complicated, and are all very logical - the challenge comes in controlling 2 characters at the same time, who need to work together to solve the puzzle.  It's one thing to play a game like Portal 2, where you and a friend have to work together, but having to work both brothers at once takes some getting used to.  It's a completely unique mechanic I don't recall ever seeing before now, and it was a fascinating way to play the game.  The entire story is told without a single line of dialog - there is a language being spoken, but it's gibberish and you're not meant to understand it.  Everything is conveyed via gesture and inflection, the mood is set through the music, and it's all done very well.  It helps that the story is very simple and straigtforward - this game is about the journey, the bonding and the loss, and the spectacle of it all, and to that end it was very well crafted.  I'd say it's definitely worth a playthrough."
,Recommended,225080,24174729,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Geralt of Trivia,"This a game that truly made me feel. The story is very powerful and interesting. The graphics are nice, art style beautiful. The controls are a bit hard, but that's part of the game, Requires good coordination. Lovely game, Highly recommended, specially if on sale."
76561198134366680,Recommended,225080,13965067,"Posted: 12 January, 2015",all,Dimi,"It's beautiful, it's sad, it's a platform, it has amazing art, amazing music and great story. You control the two brothers with the gamepad sticks and shoulder buttons and that may be problematic to some, but the game is not hard and you get the hang of it pretty fast.Its only problems is that you need to use a gamepad to play it and that it is a very short game. That's why I suggest you buy it on sale.But deffinitely buy it, you will live an amazing experience."
76561198099776263,Recommended,225080,20947378,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,Highfive,9/10
,Recommended,225080,4875729,"Posted: 5 September, 2013",all,Tsunami,"Это открытие для меня, абсолютно потрясающая игра для того чтобы валятся на диване с беспроводным геймпадом, отлично развивает моторику и синхронизацию движений рук, потрясающая работа художников, анимация, озвучка, 10 из 10!"
76561198022658933,Recommended,225080,19765675,"Posted: 18 December, 2015",all,Gamingman,Short game 3-5h but bloody brilliant go buyit u wont regretit
,Recommended,225080,11090012,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,ForceKeeper,"Уж от кого, а от Старбриза такую игру было сложно ожидать. Если есть геймпад и любовь к трогательным приключенческим историям, то стоит поиграть.И бонусом здесь очень приятные ачивменты, а не ""убей 200 голубей""."
76561198008899722,Recommended,225080,18337397,"Posted: 4 October, 2015",all,DragonsDeck,"Brothers - A Tale of Two Sons is exactly what a short indie game should be.  The game is short (approximately 2-3 hours) but what it does in that time is more than some games try to do in 30 hours.  The puzzles and the controlling brothers mechanic are used exretemely well and there really isn't a great deal of repetitiveness in those puzzles.  Each puzzle is a short unique puzzle to solve and then move quickly to the next puzzle/story element.There is not a lot of fluff or down time in the game.  It is paced exteremly well, moving from puzzle to story to puzzle to story.  It's not that the game can be beat in one sitting, it's that the game is so well paced that you want to finish it in one sitting.  There's no big down boring parts or excessively frustrating puzzles, just small simple well excuted game play that makes you want to keep moving on.The world that the developers created to tell their story in was beautiful.  There was some really unique areas with some unique characters as well.Everything comes together in one great package to make one of the best indie games that I have played.  Highly recommend the game to anyone looking for a great indie experience."
,Recommended,225080,8664948,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Weighted.,"This game is fantastic. An incredibly powerful story and a beautiful world. The gameplay is unique and interesting and the music is wonderful, but the story and emotional resonance of this game is absolutely incredible. I highly recommend this game to anyone who appreciates beautiful world design and video games as a way to tell profound and deep stories."
,Recommended,225080,26875521,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,DogeScorp,"This game has the ""I'M NOT CRYING, THERE'S SOMETHING IN MY EYE"" award 2016 for sure. If you can handle the sadness a must-buy."
,Recommended,225080,8776317,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,Kyuss9,"A beautiful game about life, death, love and loss. I could write about the graphics, controls and all that, but in this game, the story is what matters. Great game, definitely recommend it. As long as you have a heart, you won't be disappointed."
76561198050750789,Recommended,225080,8310069,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,tAreqSm1Le'^^!,"تعرف كيف ابداع بمعنى الكلمة هذي اللعبة جدن جدن عجبتني ونهايتها حزينة واللعبة والقصة قصيرة تخلصها بسرعة بثلاث ساعاتطريقة التحكم  عجبتني  بالاخو الكبير والصغير انصحكم فيها----عارف ان الترجمة مختلفةThe GReatest Game , enjoyable game < I loved it if the story was a little bit long i'll Be Addict On it >""You CAn Contol  Both of Brothers To Move Objectives , Stuffs , Helping each other ""my rate is : 100/100 :D"
76561198041065637,Recommended,225080,8410221,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Drago,"I was going to write out a big long review about why I love this game, how it lives up to all the hype (and incredibly,exceedsit,) and what all it does right. However, I'm going to skip all that and just give my wholehearted recommendation. If you buy this game, you will not regret it."
,Recommended,225080,28428673,"Posted: 17 December, 2016",all,Judassem,"Damn, I've just finished the game and I feel like sh*t. I was holding back manly tears all through the last 15 minutes of the game, and the ending just devastated me. I was just a seconds away from breaking down like a little girl. What an emotional journey.Ahem. OK, here's the review. The game follows the story of two brothers who go on an adventure to save their father, who has a serious disease and the cure is literally on the other side of the world. They overcome lots of different problems (mostly platforming) on their journey and they even escape some life-threatening situations.The developers managed to create an incredible world filled with hundreds of little bits of lore, something even some AAA titles, with huge budgets and an army of lore-masters, cannot manage. The atmosphere just pulls you in and never lets you go until the end. I really regret that I had to play this game in multiple sessions instead of in just one sitting. I suppose the atmosphere, the satisfaction I felt after I finished the game would be much more profound that way.The soundtrack is absolutely phenomenal. The game has one of the most goosebump-inducing soundtracks I've ever listened to. It suits the mood, the story so well that you'd think they made the game for the song, not the other way around.The game is made with Unity engine (I think) and the graphics are very nice. I mean, it's not like they are cutting edge but the style they used for the game is incredibly atmospheric. A photorealistic game engine would really ruin the mood instead of enhancing it.I played the game with an Xbox controller, and I have to admit, even with the controller the game was sometimes really difficult, some puzzles difficult to coordinate. Still, I had no real trouble. I really, really suggest a controller though; the game would probably be impossible to play with a keyboard.All in all, I haven't felt this emotional thanks to a game since To the Moon. If you're looking for a game with an emotional story, perfect soundtrack and a cathartic ending, this is it."
,Recommended,225080,8389590,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Furuta,"This game is an amazing achievement. A game that creates an innovative, entertaining yet intuitive control system is rare. A game that creates a consistent deeply moving emotional experience in its players is rare. A game that does both? Epic.I will not go in depth into the detailed mechanics or the story itself because doing so would ruin your individual experience. I am not referring only to story spoilers, but your experience and growth in using the ""single-player co-op"" control system. Don't watch a video. Don't read commentary. I started playing this game on a whim in my office when my family was asleep. Speakers on low, door open, lights on, email up on my second monitor. 30 minutes into the game I had headphones on, door was closed, lights and second monitor turned off. It commanded a degree of attention and immersion that I have rarely experienced. Buy it now and play it. I give it an 11/10. No kidding.In fact, you owe it to yourself to play this game. It is well worth the $15, and certainly worth the $3 it is right now on the Steam Fall Sale when this review was written.Please play it.You will never forget it."
,Recommended,225080,27692821,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,PureFox,"why is evreyone dying , do u want me to cry is that what u wantthan i did =""(happy now ?!"
,Recommended,225080,15964137,"Posted: 23 May, 2015",all,Winded,"Probably the best storyline I've ever seen in a game. Without a single word of dialogue. The gameplay requires a controller and it may seem weird at first, but you'll see the importance of it and how it ties to the story. The graphics and soundtrack are also very nice. Definitely recommended."
,Recommended,225080,17600071,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,Mikado-hime,"Before i start the review, I'll explain a little bit about my experience playing this game:I first played the first few minutes of this game at a friend's house. He got me interested in the game and a few days later i bought it when it was on sale. Because this game is about 2 brothers, i took the oppertunity to play this game with my little brother (10 years younger than me). We ended up finishing the entire game together, playing at the same time or occasionally taking turns when one of us was about to die of sleep deprivation. This game is meant to be single player, but you can technically make it a co-op if you share the controller. So grab your brother (or better yet, 2 misbehaving siblings you want to teach a lesson about taking turns and co-operating with one another) and start the game up!Regarding myself and the little brother i played it with, we're 10 years apart. I'm nearing my 20's and he's still in elementary school at the time of this review. I wouldn't reccomend playing this game with a younger brother whose uncomfortable with themes of death and darkness. If you decide to play with a younger brother who doesn't understand the concept of death yet or is slowly learning the concept of death, this game may be a good way to introduce them to those themes, but this game CAN GET DARK. The game has many themes of death and it's very much a coming of age story for both brothers. In the game you'll encounter dead bodies, scary graveyards, nature coming to life trying to kill you,SPIDERS, and an NPC 'tempting his own fate' to put it lightly... So just use your own judgement regarding your experience with your little brother of choice. As for the adorable child i played with, he can tolerate most things and only flat out refused to play the game in one section because he witnessed some gore he wasn't expecting but easily shook that off and played with me again immediately after that section was over. We played the game up until the end, wtinessed the ending together and he is not psychologically scarred by it in any way. We only used a walkthrough ONE time and even after the game was over we jokingly call eachother what the Brothers call eachother in the game.Ok, now onto the review:Brothers: A Tale of Two Sons is a puzzle/adventure game similar to the likes of ICO and Shadow of the Collasus for the PS2. The world Brothers takes place in is GORGEOUS to look at and feels incredibly massive but dangerous at the same time.  If you love RPGs and puzzles with huge worlds you'll love the way this one looks and feels. Unlike ICO and Shadow, the controls for brothers are extremely simple. You move with the analog sticks and interact with R2/L2. You can play solo controlling both titular brothers or grab any male sibling you get along with and each of you can share the controller, controlling 1 brother each. Both brothers are also very balanced. Big Brother (Maya?) is strong and tall but he doesn't jump very high or run as fast as Little Brother (Maii?), who is weaker and shorter but can jump higher. They can help eachother around the enviornment by picking eachother up, helping eachother up ladders, solve puzzles together in ways renimicent to ICO and Yorda and they're enjoyable to play as despite speaking a nonsense language (also very similar to the language spoken in ICO).The story: a simple fetch quest. The boys' father gets sick and they must retrieve an antidote from a tree hidden up in the mountains. And that's it. The story doesn't get more complex than that save for the fact their mother has died by drowning and Little Brother is also trauamtized by that event and unlike Big Brother, he can't swim. The game isn't so much about a story, it's more about a journey. The landscapes are beautiful and while wandering the world i couldn't help but want to know more about the lore of the world they're travelling through. It feels very Scandinavian in nature, what with all the giants, the beautiful snowscape, the water and the beautiful castles. I can't get over how wonderfult he game looks. At first glance, this looks like one of those games that'll look better than it actually is but in the case of Brothers, i say the looks are just a bonus for the journey. As for the journey is self, all the puzzles are solveable. If you play with a friend or a brother of your own, niether of you will get too frustrated.One thing that prevents me from buying most adventure/puzzle games is if the puzzles will be solveable. It's what makes or breaks a puzzle game. And thankfully despite the occasional camera wonky-ness all of the puzzles are solveable without a walkthrough. For myself and my brother, we only used a walkthrough for one puzzle we were confused on and after 10 minutes of testing theories we gave up and resorted to youtube. But other than that small experience, you could easily get through all the puzzles and they can all be solved without ripping your hair out trying to retrace your steps. Everything you need is always in the right place, where you need to go is always hinted at, you sometimes just need to look from a new perspective or look a little more carefully. For me at least, i enjoyed that the puzzles weren't too complex. If the puzzles are too complex that's usually the point where i give up on the game. And the puzzle layout is especially useful if you plan on playing with your younger brother.This is one of those rare occasions where i can say nothing bad about this game. Maybe 1 thing i can complain about the is the normal price which is 14.99, but i bought this game on sale and ended up getting is for around 3.75 (something like that) and completed the whole game in about 5/6 hours spanning a few different days because i was playing this with another person. Had i played the game solo, i likely would've finished it a lot faster. I'm one of those gamers who wants alot of gameplay for their money. Because i got this on sale i'd say i'm pretty lucky but the normal price may be a bit high if you value how many hours you'll get out of a game, but thankfully this game ain't 60 bucks, so 15 isn't that much of a bad price in my opinion.Yeah, i have ABSOLUTELY NOTHING BAD TO SAY. It's very surprising 0_0;This is just one of those games where you love the journey and can't see much bad about it.It was an especially good bonding experience playing this game with my own brother, as we discussed how different puzzles could be solved, helped eachother progress through the journey and occasionally have mom yell at us when we were yelling at the brothers on screen. I can't imagine playing this game alone save maybe for the occasion where you've already beaten the game and wanna play it for nostalgia, gawk at the beauty of the setting or just wanna get all the achievements. I wholly suggest playing this game with another person (especially a brother).I give Brothers: A Tale of Two Sons 10 sets of brothers out of 5!"
,Recommended,225080,11135663,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,ArachnidiaC,"Absolutely amazing game.The story is very deep and emotional.It's nice to be away from all the FPS and RPG games and be able to playing something as emotionally engaging as this.This is my very first review on steam, of all the games I have ever played this one stood out the most.I know this game is ignored by hundreds and thousands but if anyone is reading this review, do buy this game ignore everything everyone else is saying and trust me it will be worth it."
,Recommended,225080,10783726,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Grant,One of the few games that's ever brought me to tears.
,Recommended,225080,33476811,Posted: 12 July,all,( ҉Ů₣P) ҉Ĝ҉ Ǻ ҉ǺƦǺ .♛.,If you play games for story then this is the game you want to play before dying. Outstanding atmosphere and user friendly gameplay. Minor mysteries everytime makes the game challenging.From beginning till start you will be excited what's coming next. Highly recommend to gamers who play games for their solid plot and storyline.
,Recommended,225080,8673656,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Mooneyhammer,Highly recommended. Despite the brief and linear story the game never fails to deliver breathtaking visuals and the environmental set pieces are visually some of the best I have seen in recent years. The story is experienced more than it is explained due to the lack of dialogue which lends itself in the game's favor. You become immersed in the world. All in all a worthwhile purchase I just wish it lasted longer.
,Recommended,225080,13621938,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,TimmY,A truly unique experience. Never played something like this. Beautiful game!
,Recommended,225080,8288737,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,John Rain,Fairly unique control scheme combines with powerful story to create one of the more memorable gaming experiences I have had this year.  Total playtime is fairly short (5 hours?) and not sure that I will replay but it's games like this that keep me playing.  Very fun.
,Recommended,225080,33372446,Posted: 8 July,all,Drakken,"Brothers - A Tale of Two Sons is that kind of game that leaves a mark on you and you remember it forever.It is a perfect game to play with your partner, your sister/brother or a friend, even if they don't know how to play games. To be honest, it's quite easy, but it still requires you to work together and it's fun.The game is beautiful. You can see how much love has been put into its art and music. It's really enjoyable and also very cheap. The only downside is that it's very short, but it's totally worth it. Anyways, I think it's meant to be played in one sit.If you enjoy story games that feel like a movie and touch your heart, I really recommend you to play this game as soon as you can. You won't regret it, trust me."
76561198117521383,Recommended,225080,23845485,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,DarthCupcake,"I didn't come here for all these feels... Who are the writers? Why did they do this? Do they not have any happiness in their lives?Great gameplay, but very sad story :("
76561198362004605,Recommended,225080,33816320,Posted: 26 July,all,Yiwick,"If you want something completely different in terms of gameplay, a great story told in a very special and unique way and easy to get achievements (all 12 of them are pretty easy to get if you're into that sort of thing)...Then I highly recommend this game! It's a small masterpiece!"
,Recommended,225080,13625183,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Th00ghtCr1me,A touching story about two brothers who venture out into the world to find a cure for their sick father.You'll be doing some puzzle solving and some fiddling around with the two joysticks to make the brothers cooperate in order to succesfully travel through the big unknown.Overall it's a great game  (experience even) with imaginative wordless storytelling and a beautiful aesthetic.
,Recommended,225080,33630700,Posted: 18 July,all,Paradox29 | Chicken Tikka Gaming,"A truly unexpected gem of a game.When a friend of mine suggested this, I kinda thought the game mechanics to be unique and that's it. I underestimated this game's story telling abilities.A great fantasy setting with few moments very much similar to the Harry Potter movies. The two protagonists, Nayi and Naya (apologies if I got the spelling wrong xD) were easy to connect with and were full of character.Last but not least, the soundtrack truly captured the essence of this game!Now quit reading and go play this game already!"
76561198364911825,Recommended,225080,32708206,Posted: 23 June,all,fuck your self,"game bagus ,grafik lumayan,story nya ngenabanget tapi sayang banyak bug"
76561198105788578,Recommended,225080,8633745,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,LeroChan,"A magical, unique experience, that reminded me to other artistic and breathtaking games like Journey and Ico. My personal opinion? must have."
,Recommended,225080,13827563,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Cabelera,"This is not just a game, it is a piece of art.Amazing experience!It really touched my emotions."
76561198046781319,Recommended,225080,13377362,"Posted: 15 December, 2014",all,AnzyVee,"Love this game! Controlling two characters at once takes some getting used to but I did really enjoy this game, highly reccomend to any fan of the genre."
,Recommended,225080,4084581,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,X2Eliah,"Simply put, if you tend to enjoy games like To The Moon, Analogue, Gone Home, then  you will probably like this.BUT.Gamepad controller IS required. Not as a *mechanical* requirement, but as a Narrative/Storytelling tool. And yes, a keyboard simply can not work out for what this game does."
,Recommended,225080,8377116,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Dizzi,"9/10- Brothers is short, beautiful and emotional. You won't spend long playing Brothers, but you'll love every minute that you do."
,Recommended,225080,8386863,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,HomemadeMuffins,"This is a game where I kept thinking, ""Oh yeah, I totally know what to expect."" Then it happened and I was all, ""Totally didn't expect that.""Also, I ran into walls a lot."
,Recommended,225080,7425445,"Posted: 19 October, 2013",all,Kadayi,"Not a hugely long game (I clocked in around 4 hours), but it possesses a pretty nice aesthetic somewhat akin to the fable games and is an enjoyable enough romp with some occasionally poignant moments. If you enjoy games like Journey or Limbo, then this is probably a game you'll appreciate."
76561198042310237,Recommended,225080,7893541,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,xxaznhjstarxx,SO DEPRESSING BUT BEAUTIFUL! Lots of feels in this game.
,Recommended,225080,7918963,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,FOXX5,"What a great game! The world is beautiful and clean and a joy to explore. The whole idea of making the brothers work together in perfect synergy was enjoyable and challenging. The puzzles where just right and fused themselves into the world nicely. I wish the game was a bit longer, but the emotion packed into the ending was great. This is a little game was a big impact. 95/100"
,Recommended,225080,7928679,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Runesire,"If you have a controller, then is is a MUST HAVE game.  The story, puzzles, and environment all come together perfectly to create a wonderful experience."
76561198052341735,Recommended,225080,7947710,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Sheogorath,"Without a doubt the most beautiful and touching game that I've ever played. I've never smiled so much while playing a game and I've never cried so much while playing a game.  If that makes me soft, then so be it. These two brothers become so real and lifelike throughout the story that you come to view them as your own brothers. Worth every cent of that $15."
,Recommended,225080,7966197,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Lord Barker,"If you're reading this, do yourself a favor and just buy Brothers - A tale of Two Sons right now.Brothers, for lack of a better term, is a masterpiece IMHO. Somehow, Brothers delivers an emotional, compassionate story, without a single word of dialogue in the whole game. Charcaters do speak, but their language is Simmilar to Simlish (The Sims) I suppose. Although you cannot understand the language, You will still understand what is going on. You will have to prepare yourself for many emotions throughout the game. I will list a few I've experienced: Sadness, joy, wonder, curiousity, horror, excitement, and despair. Sounds a bit over the top? Well go see for yourself. You may experience emotions you never new existed.Brothers perfectly marries Story with Game Mechanics. The best way i can explain it is that you play the story. Again, for lack of a better term, Brothers is a Singleplayer Co-op game. If you were not aware, You control two Brothers independently using the joysicks of your controller (Provided you use a controller). Contrary to the Notice above, The game will work with a keyboard, But I would not recommend it. Seperately controlling the two siblings, you traverse the game working together. I would not classify Brothers as a Puzzle Platformer, however. It's simply a journey. Which brings me to the final point.Brothers took me roughly 3 hours to complete. I would say there is some replayability, but thats only because there are achievements you will miss and areas you may have skipped. So maybe 5 - 6 hours will be all you get out of Brothers, unless you play through games several times. I know that so few hours may not warrant the price for some people, but I promise you'll remember this game for as long as you live. I know I will."
,Recommended,225080,8077639,"Posted: 17 December, 2013",all,Bozzwell,Absolute must buy.
,Recommended,225080,8282984,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,Ringo,"A really beautiful adventure about two brothers going out on a quest to help their ill father.The settings are almost always magnificient, and even if the puzzles rarely pose much of a challenge it is about the journey through this game. And it is a wonderful journey with a mix of emotions.The made up voices sound a bit odd at first but you get used to it. The rest of the sound settings however, are nothing short of amazing and really accompanies the visual settings that is what together makes this journey so special.It is a rather short game, around 3 hours for me. But I absolutely love this, the fact that it is not longer makes sure that it doesn't feel like it's dragging out. And as a parent with somewhat limited play time I have a chance to play it through in a sit down or two.4/5"
,Recommended,225080,8386268,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Klaus,Short but good. the puzzles are simple but the story and atmosphere really draws you in.  Bot worth 15 bucks but it was worth the 5 bucks i paid during a sale.
,Recommended,225080,8387617,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Epic Container,"You have to have a controller to play this game, and that is about the only downfall. The controls are a little odd, but you can get use to them fairly fast.This game is a must play. It looks amazing, it sounds amazing, and it is amazing. I strongly recommend this game."
76561198096435253,Recommended,225080,7858153,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,mscarlson1979,"An amazing, stunning, and heart pulling game. If one has played Ico this game not only reminds one of that epic journey, but surpasses it in everyway way with great fantsay style and new interesting game machanics. For example  one plays as two characters at the same time, leading to intense situations and great energy in all of the situations and settings the game presents. Although short in length it makes up for this in depth this game is worth ones time and money."
,Recommended,225080,7977644,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,Blitzkrieg-AA-,"This is a coming of age tale where two brothers embark on an epic journey to retrieve medicine to save their dying father.The game play is unique because you control both brothers at the same time.  For this reason, the game requires a gamepad an cannot be played with a mouse and keyboard.  Each brother is controlled by an alalog stick and each brother has an action movement that is controlled by a trigger.   It takes a little getting used to controlling two characters with one controller, but since the game play is pretty simple, it's not too difficult to pick up.The visuals in this game are beautiful and the story is captivating.  And most importantly, the game is fun.Overall, this was a great game and I highly recommend it.  My only complaint is that it's pretty short.  I beat it in about 3 hours."
,Recommended,225080,8223960,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Brohan,Excellent game. Interesting puzzles with logical solutions. Moving story with some action and suspense. Not overly long but probably an appropriate game length. Graphics and sound were also great and made for an immersive experience.
,Recommended,225080,8325781,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Albero92,"Brothers - A Tale of Two Sons delivers one of the most emotional experiences of 2013. While the gameplay is simple in theory, its excellent implementation enhances the atmosphere and maintains the user's full attention. I would highly recommend this game to anyone who has a spare 2-3 hours to dedicate to an extremely impactful and memorable experience."
,Recommended,225080,8386524,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Adam,"A gorgeous adventure. The puzzles are fun, the music is great and the story left me speechless."
,Recommended,225080,8413447,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,MadCast: Bobgar the Warbarian!!,"The good:*  The gameplay is innovative.  Controlling both characters is neat.*  The puzzles are fun, if a bit simple.*  The world is fantastic and exciting.  Beautiful art and interesting setting.*  For the most part I was on the edge of my seat waiting to see what would happen on the next part of their adventure.The bad:*  The main storyline is aweful.  Extremely cliche, and where the designer expects the player to feel emotional impact there is none, because he never bothered to develop the characters in a meaningful way.  The last 15 minutes of the game were painful to paly through because of how forced it felt.  Luckily through most of the game the main story stays out of the way.*  The controls are cludgy when they work, and I had to edit a .ini file burried in the games configs in order for it to use my controller correctly (the left sticks Y was flipped, and the game's built in menus don't have ways to change things like that)*  The game is very slow to start (and slow to end)  The first 15 minutes of the game feel like pointlessly running around a town.*  The game is very short.  All of it high quality but it wont last you very long.Despite my gripes I found the game to be a lot of fun to play, and well worth the price of admission if you can pick it up on sale.  Just don't expect a deep story, and be willing to deal with some wonky controls.8/10"
76561198026703244,Recommended,225080,7607943,"Posted: 8 November, 2013",all,SnowRaven,"This is pretty much the most incredible game I've ever played, period. It simply cannot be recommended enough. I'm actually writing a recommendation for it immediately after finishing it, because it's just that good.The controls are amazing and fun, and they're often incredibly well used. There's no ""Press E to Perform Complex Action"" here. For example, you actually have to rotate the analog sticks to have your brothers spin a crank. The game's not completely unchallenging, but most of the focus is on overcoming and executing it rather than the usual annoying, long, drawn-out search for a solution to figure out the puzzle.The story is just absolutely wonderous, and without comparison to anything I've ever played in a game, or encountered pretty much anywhere, ever. It's fun, funny, and heartwarming at times; thrilling at others; and at points staggeringly sorrowful. I spent the entire end of the game crying, and I'm about to start again. This is also the first and probably only time I've ever found myself crying over a game mechanic, - it was just that amazingly touching. (You'll see what I mean at the end, I refuse to be more specific for fear of spoiling it.)This is the only time I've regretted buying a game on sale - I honestly wish I'd bought it for full price, just in the hopes of making it that much more likely I'd see another game even close to this good."
,Recommended,225080,7778055,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Fallen Icarus,"I can't recommend this game more. The game is beautiful, the soundtrack is nice, and if you're someone who gets into games like I do, you'll love it even more. I would say more, but I think you should experience the game for yourself."
,Recommended,225080,7794219,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,Andrew,An incredibly unique experience on par with games like Journey. Bonus points for excellent subtle fantasy worldbuilding and an understated narrative style that uses visuals and emotion to communicate the story rather than words. Play this game.
76561198115079872,Recommended,225080,7798570,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,arilovesoreos,"Best game ever, it made me cry though at the end. I used an xbox 360 controller..wayy better than keyboard controls! There were a few bugs and they made me lower the resolution of the game at times to pass those parts. btw I played it twice, yet still I would even play it more!"
76561198047232165,Recommended,225080,7946029,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,aspect,This game is not only an epic adventure but a truly emotional one aswell.
,Recommended,225080,7960051,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Criston,Si on arrive à accepter le scénario complètement cliché le gameplay à deux personnages simultanés et la direction artistique sont d'une très bonne qualité et vous entraine dans l'histoire de ces duex frères.
,Recommended,225080,8163774,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Hillian,"Good for one playthrough, but this game will hit ya emotionally with its story. Controller is a must though."
76561197969745822,Recommended,225080,8172889,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Super Younan #1,"I agree with the other positive reviews on here, but want to add that the game isn't for the faint of heart. I don't want to give anything away, but you'v been warned."
,Recommended,225080,8231088,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Roxxi,"While I am only about 30 minutes into the game, it has been an instant hit with me. First off having to use both my right and left hands to control two different characters is a very unique gameplay. Second, is each brother has a very different personality and you want to see how each react to characters/items. For example, the older brother is mature, strong, and driven. While the younger brother is naughty, afraid of water, and great with animals. The brothers must work together to pass small obstacles.My last favorite thing so far, is there is no guide... no map... and a gibberish language. All you know is you need to find some ""tree"" to heal your father. This means you need to watch the reactions of other characters and basically touch/look at everything. Some characters will be♥♥♥♥♥♥♥and waste your time, but some with point you in the right direction. Keep an eye on that, or you'll be wandering around lost."
,Recommended,225080,8340892,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,[IN D] RobbinxDeHood,"This sad tale is beautifully rendered with lush graphics and attention to detail.  Brothers is a unique puzzle game because you control two characters on the screen at the same time.  The puzzles aren't extremely difficult but they are fun as you are constantly maneuvering the brothers around the screen to complete tasks.  All of the achievements come from finding extras that were put into the game that don't have to be accomplished to complete the game.  The whole game lasts from 4-5 hours, longer or shorter depending on how much you explore and complete.  I would say get this game and have some fun."
,Recommended,225080,8379153,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,DT15,"What a stunning game! A must buy for everyone... can't recommend this game highly enough! A controller would be a great idea as i don't think i could have played this game without one! Stunning visuals and great story behind some characters you grow attached too, will play it again and again over the years to come!"
,Recommended,225080,8381186,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Coffstah,"Game owns, very Ico-like, cool control scheme.  Kinda easy though"
,Recommended,225080,8382366,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Regn,"I like the game so far, it's a beautiful looking game and I really like the co-op parts, the controls are a little tricky and hard to get used to, the only thing I dislike so far is that they are talking in a made up language and no subtitles."
,Recommended,225080,8393218,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,TheLegitMidgit,"Wow. This game... just wow.Brothers was an absolute joy to play. The largest reason being that Brothers is extremely immersive, connecting the player to the game better than almost any other game I have played. This can be attributed to the unique ""single-player co-op"" mechanic whereby the player uses a single controller to control two in game players. Just as the controller cannot be ripped in part at will, nor can these Brothers. As a player you are connected to the brothers immediately and that connection only becomes stronger over the next two an a half hours as you travel the stunningly beautiful lands, solving puzzles, meeting other creatures, and exploring the world, all in search for the elixir to save your ill father.While the game is short, and the gameplay is very easy, Brothers as an overall experience is beautiful, immersive, heart-wrenching, and pleasurable. I highly recommend this game, it is fantastic.Pros:• Well written and rich story.• Simple, elegant presentation.• Stunning visuals.• Extremely immersive controls.Cons:• Graphical fidelity suffers at points, mainly close ups."
,Recommended,225080,8397222,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Kylskada,"I have seen and read reviews about this game that give credit to how this game uses the controller in a ingenious way but I have been, for some reason, sceptical about how a controller could be used in a ""ingenious way"" in a game. Now, after completing the game, I understood what they meant and I can only agree. Without saying too much I must at least say that this is one of the most cleverest ways to actually make the controller a part of the game and it's story to the point where it made an emotional impact on me.Although I got to admit that the controls can be confusing for the brain at times but it only caused me problem at one point in the game.In short: Brilliant use of the controller, touching story and beautiful landscapes to visually explore.Highly recommending buying this for a 3-4 hourexperience."
,Recommended,225080,7763181,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,Neverr3st,This is the first narrative game I played that couldn't have been anything else than a game. The connection between the controls and the narrative is a beautiful example of how story based games can be more than just gallery's you walk through. The story/tone contrasts very nicely with some of the most beautiful pieces of scenery i have seen in games and even on it's own the art style is quite nice.A game definitly worth playing.
,Recommended,225080,7916739,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,TheGirlArtist,"An amazing story. It takes you one journey you would never expect. It's very short, but worth the ride."
,Recommended,225080,7935452,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,banjoeskimo,"Beautiful, creative, and haunting, Brothers is a short but highly enjoyable indie puzzler that will stay with you long after the credits roll. From its stirring score to its brilliant fantasy art direction, Brothers is a simple game that's executed perfectly. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,225080,7970376,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,LordMidas™,"Absolutely fantastic game. Totally loved it. It is beautiful (read gorgeous) and emotional. The game mechanics compliment the storyline in such a beautiful way which is quite original and makes a heartfelt impact. Along with ""Journey"", I would say Brothers is one of the best games by Indie developers in recent times."
,Recommended,225080,7974384,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,obsoke,"Not only one of the best game I've played year, but also one of the best games I have ever played. Beautiful art, music, story, and very clever mechanics involving the controller. It's a short experience (3-5 hours) but it's the price of a movie and (IMO) a much better value. Do yourself a favour and experience this now."
,Recommended,225080,8158737,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,DrunkDave,"A really, really good game.  Like experiencing something out of a Grimm fairytale. Loved it!"
,Recommended,225080,8220355,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,THEPANZERTANK,"So i finshed the game in about 3 and a half hours, the story was great, you dont understand anything there saying, you connect to the carrecters through there actions, it geat a breath of fresh air and the story was amazing, its a sort and sweet story about two sons on a journy of there life, with there team work they prvale though all odds to save there father, from an unknow sickness. I dont want to spoll the ending, but i will say its is one of best ending in a game i have ever seen, the game has changling puzzle to solve, with no hand holding, you feel smart when you slove them, to contune your adventure.i give this game 10 for story, 8.5 for game play, 9 for the way it looks and how colorfull it is, and 10 for the mood each chapter put the player in.all around this is a great game, that will stay in your heart forever"
,Recommended,225080,8241577,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Fairy,"Although short, this beautiful game is a puzzle platformer worthy to remember. You play as two boys, searching for a remedy to cure their sick father. You can't really tell what they're saying because the game uses a made up language, but the story still tells itself well.I give Brothers - A Tale of Two Sons an 8/10!Pros - Beautiful game, good soundtrack, amazing story, emotional experience, easy to understand, no bugs, runs smooth, laptop friendly.Cons - Short game, awkward controls without a controller, no real replay value, definitely room for co-op, not present though."
,Recommended,225080,8341916,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,D_Rock,"What a great game !! This game told an excellent story without using a single word...Interesting puzzles and a very smooth gameplay..There are some having issues with certain controllers because mine wasn't compatible, borrowed a friends and it worked like a charm..Some say they have beaten the game with a keyboard but it is not recommended and if you try you will soon see why..Brothers is an outstanding game and my only regret is that it is over.."
,Recommended,225080,20080722,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Straws,"Gameplay:9/10Story:10/10Graphics:7/10Soundtrack, Scores, and Voice Acting:9/10The game offers a rich story between two brothers and their adventures. Length of the game is not much, but the experience is unique and is a must-have.SPOILERLT wouldn't work no matter how many times I pressed it! Seeing the younger brother grieve and bury his older brother was sad. Controlling the little brother with my right hand without controlling the older brother with my left hand was even sadder.The game is worth the full price (even though I bought it while it was on sale)."
,Recommended,225080,29465436,Posted: 24 January,all,Scabard,"This is a rather unique game. There is no dialogue really, everything is in another language. The story is told through actions such as pointing, showing objects, nodding etc. The characters and locations are well designed and give a genuine fantasy setting which oozes history and lore. But this isn't really where the game excells, it's the control method and puzzles that shine the most. You control both characters in the story with individual controller sticks and triggers. It can get a little confusing, especially if the characters move across the screen and you get confused about which stick controls which character. That said, the puzzles require you to move each character quite precisely at times, rotating objects held at each end by the two brothers or pushing a lever one way whilst pulling it another. The puzzles aren't hard, they aren't really there to tax the mind but when combined with the control method, it can provide a fun little challenge of timing and precision. The game is a couple of hours long but it's very high quality. Perhaps wait for a sale if you want your money's worth in terms of time spent but if you're looking for a good story and neat little challenge, this is worth the asking price.Some gameplay:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pbDpLTj9jCM"
,Recommended,225080,8588164,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,deadyaga,"Great storytelling!The game is pretty awesome as for me, I like the story, graphics. I like the way how brothers are controlled by player.But it's pretty hard to control both of them simultaneously."
,Recommended,225080,8687465,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Ratalon,"Very good game. Took about 2-3 hours to complete. I enjoyed the dual control via one player aspect. Emjoyed exploring the world, everything was fluid."
,Recommended,225080,34494996,Posted: 25 August,all,Iris ☭,"The mechanics, puzzles & boss fights kind of feel like a bunch of Mario Party minigames.It is a short game where you can plug in music for a couple of hours and immerse yourself into the story. Dat ending tho..."
76561198009430218,Recommended,225080,9864860,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,JacoRay,"A masterpiece; that's what Brothers: A Tale of Two Sons is.It's emotionally gripping with the storytelling as you watch the two brothers bond while adventuring to find healing water for their ill father. Straight from the beginning, you can tell that this isn't exactly a game suited for kids, as you watch your mother drown to her death in flashback cutscene, when the younger son, Naiee tragically tried to save her, but isn't able to do so in time. I don't wanna spoil anything, but the game is an adventure game that is charming, creepy and lastly, heartwrenching.The gameplay starts when Naiee and his elder brother Nyaa carry their father to a doctor, and from there the doctor has them embark on an epic quest to find the healing water. During the epic quest, you encounter folk in the village, farmers, sheep, rabbits, mountain goats; friendly trolls, evil trolls, whales, invisible monsters; giants that fought to their death, wolves, griffins, and much more.While you don't fight any of these beings, and really, only some of them are evil, (the mean trolls, a giant spider, wolves, and some angry cultists), you avoid them by controlling the two brothers. The game plays like a twin stick fighter or shooter, but as a 3rd person, over head view, and puzzle solving, one stick for each brother, and a trigger to interact with objects.The game really is epic with the interactions, as you climb, swim, swing, fly, use torches, use various gears and handles; there's a large number of puzzle/interacting; but it's pretty straightforward.The graphic style is reminiscent of Fable and Ico, but in its own way, and it works well as the game is gorgeous. The audio is perfect, the music and atmosphere really add to the charm of the game, as well as to the creepiness of certain areas (like the guy who tries to hang himself and you have to choice of stopping him, or the bloody rivers where the giants fought to their death, or the children whose bodies are hanging in the forests).I managed through the game pretty well, but I have to say that the ending is f*cking depressing. It leaves an emotional impact unlike any game I've ever played.10/10"
,Recommended,225080,25251459,"Posted: 30 August, 2016",all,Evaheist,"A gorgeous, deeply moving story set in a wonderfully rich fantasy world and very creative gameplay mechanics. This game is one of the best examples for video games telling a very touching story with many emotional grips and exciting twists and not sacrificing anything for accomplishing this goal.I couldn't recommend it enough.A wonderful and moving experience indeed. I loved every minute of it.SHOULD BE PLAYED WITH A CONTROLLER FOR THE IDEAL EXPERIENCE."
,Recommended,225080,11459622,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,viad,"Brothers: A Tale of Two Sons is an adventure/puzzle game with a unique control scheme, and an outstanding story that is one of the best around. This game is set in a somewhat fantasy world, boasting stunning vistas the brothers adventure forth in. The fantasy nature isn't as heavy as in games that make it a huge focus, since this game is more realistic in its graphical approach with well designed nature scenes. The fantasy elements pop up with some of the things the brothers interact with. Each of the characters are stylized with a less realistic style, but do stand out from the beautiful landscapes. As for the music, there are some instrumental and vocal tracks, but they are sparsely played throughout the game. They do put the mood when a song starts playing, and they do help emphasize some key parts of the story very well.What makes Brothers one of the most well recieved games is its story. This is one of the games you want to have no spoilers before playing. Two brothers, an older and younger brother, must recieve a special healing liquid from the Tree of Life to save their ill father. The story is driven in the game mainly by gestures and actions, as the people in Brothers speak in a fictional language.The other reason that Brothers is a great game is its unique gameplay. Players control both brothers at the same time in a kind of single player co-op game. Each brother can move around in all directions and have a context specific action button, making this game best played with an Xbox 360 controller or equivalent. The brothers mainly explore around and climb things. For some parts, both brothers have to work together in tandem or do specific tasks with each brother. The older brother is stronger and can pull levers and give a boost, while the younger brother can move between bars. The puzzle aspects of this game by using each brother in specific uses is great, along with the general idea of using two characters at once.This game is pretty short though, so expect the game to last about 3-4 hours. The difficulty isn't too hard as most puzzles can be self-explanitory, save for some parts that may be unclear as to what to do. The achievements take some exploring and thinking to complete, but they are optional side quests and not part of the main story.Brothers: A Tale of Two Sons has its strong story along with a unique control scheme. Well recieved by many to recieve various awards, this game will certainlly enthrall players with a good emotional story and an interesting adventure with puzzles controlling two brothers at once."
,Recommended,225080,31848584,Posted: 19 May,all,Mithras O_+,"A Tale of Two sons, is a sort of platform (use the term loosley) story game.Pros:>Story is good (the characters speak their own language and you sorta have your own take on what you think they would say based on your immagination, interesting spin i thought :D)>Graphics are great and level design is really well done.>Gameplay feels really fresh as you controll two characters with one controller (an analoge stick each) sounds like it would be awkward but felt new and really fun.Cons:> Not much replay valueOverall it is a really well done story game and because they game is not too long you don't get bored or feel like it drags on, which is a real plus.6/10"
76561198092587756,Recommended,225080,24262048,"Posted: 11 July, 2016",all,RollWave,"A tag that should be higher for this game is 'platformer'.  Fortunately, the game guides your character and does most balancing, jumping, etc for you so you don't have to worry about falling off ledges.  But there are quite a few instances of skill jumps.  They aren't particularly difficult, but aside from the minipuzzles of figuring out where to stand your characters to activate the next thing, it's the primary game element.I recommend this game, but it's a minor recommendation.  It's an easy platformer/puzzle game with a unique control scheme, controlling 2 characters at once.  Finished in about 5 hours.The scenes are cool looking.  There is an overarching storyline, but 90% of the game is ""here we are, in this room, how do we get out...oh there's a thing we can push/pull/lift/activate...click on that' cue cutscene leading the characters to the next room, ""ok, now how do we get out of here..."".I would not purchase at full price.  But on sale 80% off or something, sure go for it."
,Recommended,225080,22651271,"Posted: 26 April, 2016",all,uneasybeat,This was definitely a beautiful adventure. Totally worth it.
76561198002049680,Recommended,225080,34830025,Posted: 8 September,all,Dimvision,"While at first I was pleased with the game but not overly impressed, by the end I have to give it a full recommendation. The concept of controlling two characters (who aid eachother in the throughout puzzles) was refreshing, and the puzzles were simple enough insofar as it made you more interested in the journey rather than the immediate task at hand. In all honesty, the aesthetics of the game and simplicity of the puzzles was mostly only good for making notes for future DnD adventures, but the real treat in this game was the ending. Expected yet unexpected at the same time; I was on the edge of my seat for the last 30 minutes and did a lot of reflecting afterwards, which is the mark of an excellently told tale."
76561198213012324,Recommended,225080,23882908,"Posted: 27 June, 2016",all,Noob Knight,"That is new control mode for me, two hand finger is cross when control two person at once, hahahaWeather and landscape has fantasy feeling, sometime meet a problem want more brainstorm to solve, nice game to me!!"
,Recommended,225080,13154885,"Posted: 29 November, 2014",all,Ametra,"Best game I've played in a  long while. Although it says it's best played with a controller, I managed with my keyboard without a hassle. The game itself is beautiful and the story is great, Loved every second. Wish I hadn't finished it in one sitting."
,Recommended,225080,8965592,"Posted: 3 February, 2014",all,MCofDiablo,"It is one of the most touching games I have ever played.The story is very simple: two brothers take on a quest to save their father, but the way the creators present it that's what is surprising. There are lots of dramatic moments, there are a few unexpected twists, and, although, the characters speak in a strange language you can't comprehend, you feel and understand all their emotions.The gameplay is unique: you control two brothers simultaneously (I used gamepad). It sounds rather easy, but trust me it is not. You need time to get used to it.The game is rather short, just four hours, but I loved every second of it thanks to wonderful music, gorgeous visual style and interesting gameplay mechanics.Totally recommend it. 10/10"
76561198019804550,Recommended,225080,13678475,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Zindelis,"Brothers - A Tale of Two SonsLacking text and voice acting for what is now tradtional storytelling, this game none the less conveys the emotions the brothers feel along the way. Controlling both bothers at the same time will leave a person equally invested in both chaacts, enjoying the interactions each bother has in the world around them, displaying their personalities. The rich music and beautiful cutscennes will leave you enjoying the world as well as feeling the mood as you explore every inch of this game world. This is a game to enjoy on a rainy day, a story which respect you the gamer with a mature well written tale. While five hours in lengeth it is a story which will not be forgotten."
,Recommended,225080,23796461,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,darmstadi,"This is a fantastic game but it's quite hard to justify what makes it that good.* The story is decent but not as good as people make it look like. It's simple and it does the job but that's about it.* The controls (I'd recommend a controller) are simple, can be obnoxious at times but you get used to them.* The game is really easy when you get past the controls, there is hardly any challenge and the few challenges you face are quite easy to beat.* The world and graphics are great. No cons here.* The voice acting (they speak in an invented language) can be a bit mediocre at times but it does the job.So why is this game so good? Everything works together and the mediocre elements of this game, since they are so well implemented, instead of dragging the game down make it better. This game wanted to tell a story and everything in the game worked towards that objective.This is trully a different game and a must play."
,Recommended,225080,4830120,"Posted: 11 September, 2013",all,Capt_Blakhelm,"Buy? Likely. I was convinced to buy this game thanks to TotalBiscuit - I didn't know this game existed until I saw his video. Is this a great showpiece of gaming that made me cry? Honestly, no. I didn't cry. Whether that's the fault of the game or if I'm too emotionally unresponsive is impossible for me to answer, but you do have a good story based puzzler with a clever mechanic of controlling two characters with a separate analogue stick and trigger. I don't think that the tale alone of a random father who is on his deathbed thanks to an undescribed condition as well as the ending is enough to make me cry - gaming has desensitized me to death.There is some gameplay contrivance, such as why is there a funky, switch activated bridge just to get to one family's house? Puzzles are cleverly implemented in my opinion, but all are simple to solved - you'll rarely if ever be stumped. This game has plenty of photogenic moments as shown by my screenshot library, and this can be completed by most around 3 hours. It's arguably pretentious, but I don't think it's trying to force some abstract artistic or literary vision.Brothers - AToTS looks like something Pixar could do if they weren't limited to doing purely ""Disney friendly"" content. I enjoyed the game, but I was not as moved as many people said - I will no longer let people's fawning over a story experience influence my buying habits."
,Recommended,225080,32227362,Posted: 6 June,all,DareO,"Even though this title is not COOP I played the whole game with my girlfriend - she was the older brother playing on the gamepad and I played as the younger brother on my keyboard and it was great experience. The game itself is a masterpiece! I have never played anything like this before. It has great story, atmosphere and music. I would recommend this to anyone!"
,Recommended,225080,8437065,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Katharii,"A visually beautiful and truely moving game. The genuinely clever and innovative puzzles will delight, as will the many secrets and hidden interactions. The short playtime (around 3 hours) felt just right and I would have no hesitation in recommending this game to anyone."
,Recommended,225080,11092261,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Howie,"A really really good game. Beautiful, puzzled and emotional. A must play at only 3-4 hours."
,Recommended,225080,12545208,"Posted: 18 October, 2014",all,Mxthe,"I really enjoyed the world depicted in this game. It looks like a fairy tale and is wonderfuly brought to life with an amazing soundtrack.The singleplayer cooperation mechanic is really awesome, and it makes the ending that much powerful.Few games have been able to sucessfully marry gameplay and narrative, and that is a feat I feel is done right here.It's a short but superb and emotional adventure."
76561198061057531,Recommended,225080,13738617,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Prolivera,"Within a span of three hours, Brothers - A Tale of Two Sons manages to build a world more engulfing and tell a story more compelling than some of the most expensive 40-hour-gameplay titles created by big studios, and does so without the use of any real spoken language the players can understand. You won't know where you are going until you get there, but the journey to the brothers' destination is beautiful and fascinating to see unfold.Although there is a notice saying that the game requires a controller to play, I did so with a regular keyboard. Just use WASD and spacebar for the elder brother Naia, and arrow and Ctrl keys for younger brother Naiee. Whatever you do use, controlling the two brothers simultaneously can be a bit disorienting, and I recommend keeping each brother on the side of the screen that corresponds with the side of the keyboard/controller where their buttons/joysticks are located. It is pretty fun to figure out the little puzzles along the way, as much of the game requires the boys' cooperation to move the story along.Even though it is short, Brothers is worth every penny. If you can catch it on sale, as it is at the moment of this review being written, you really have no reason not to buy it. If you find yourself frustrated occasionally, give yourself a break and pick up the game again soon. You will want to play it through to the very end. (And grab a hanky when you get there.)"
,Recommended,225080,17743980,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,🔴 duNN',07/10
,Recommended,225080,29263959,Posted: 14 January,all,hridoi,"Decent gameplay with fascinated story, very much recommended!"
,Recommended,225080,13442962,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,jowks,10/10.Speechless.
,Recommended,225080,10973823,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Fucking Chad,i dont recall if is this sad or funny as hell!
,Recommended,225080,33183767,Posted: 3 July,all,W4st1ngT1m3,"The game showcases what the two brothers go through to save their father.It's deeply emotional and it stabs you right in the heart.An unexpected twist which left me frozen for a long time.I just couldn't process what happened.Wish I could forget  the things that happen in the game,so I could play it again and experience this masterpiece of a game.Don't hesitate just BUY IT!Not recommended for little kids though."
76561198008893239,Recommended,225080,10396344,"Posted: 8 June, 2014",all,ilozen,"Awesome game! Great and fresh gameplay ideas, astonishing plot!This is one of the very few games that actually awake your emotions! Chuck Norris approves!!!"
,Recommended,225080,30346567,Posted: 5 March,all,martin.blanch85,"Pros:- Hermoso arte, increibles los escenarios- Muy buena musica- Divertida jugabilidad al manejar a ambos personajes con el mismo gamepad- Linda historia aunque tragicaContra:- Poca rejugabilidad y Corto (creo que unas 3 hs)- Algo lineal, hay una que otra sidequest pero capaz se saltean por no verlas- Puzzles faciles- Jefe final mas facil que los anterioresAun asi me gusto y deben darle una oportunidad"
,Recommended,225080,31555867,Posted: 5 May,all,paciVista,"Great gameplay, great soundtrack, touching story, best story-rich indie game i have ever played."
76561197971288955,Recommended,225080,8799144,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,[HKK] TheProphetOmega,"Every once in a while, the boundaries of modern narratives blend, every once in a while, something shatters and innovates tropes, aesthetics and storytelling, gameplay wise, its value lies in the intangible emotional bonds that you as the player tie between the two characters, that in itself is a stroke of genius, and if you add an amazing art direction, level design and AMAZING camera work, the experience becomes twice as powerful!This ""game"" pulls just the right cards at the exact moments, things suddenly fall into place, and the full force of the events just hit you like a ton of bircks, I loved every second of my playthrough, the vsuals are great, the music colors with drama every step of the way, and suddenly the journey becomes more important than the destination, a tearjerker for sure, this is a more mature gem, for those that want something extra, a touch of magic in their entertainment.Sure it is short, and I would have wanted more, but ist it always like that when one gets lost in the experience, and is having so much fun?Highly recomended, not for everyone, cynics and emotionally drained individuals, need not apply..."
,Recommended,225080,19135424,"Posted: 17 November, 2015",all,₫ ₰ _ХƭŘėMэЯ,right in the feels!!!!
,Recommended,225080,10821125,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Orchis,"Excellent story telling, amazing gameplay. Completly worth anything less than about £8.Recommend playing with a controller, but if you've only got a keyboard there are two or three sections where you have to wait a minute or two for them to wind up a bridge or a lift but very playable otherwise."
,Recommended,225080,11013043,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Red,"Ingenious puzzle game that marries storytelling and gameplay in a way that few other titles manage. A shortlist contender for stories that make best use of the medium. Best from Starbreeze since Riddick. If you see it on sale, snap it up."
,Recommended,225080,13073687,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,☆❤Malchihiro❤☆ AKA Fwerghlderghl,This game has simple puzzles but the mechanics on how you have to control the brothers seperately at the same time make it a good challenge.The scenery in the game is absolutely breathtaking and the music matches so well to the game.It has a very emotional storyline that it brought tears to my eyes!It's definately worth a play if you like puzzles with a slight twist to them.
,Recommended,225080,10776377,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,quve,PLEASE
76561198033275246,Recommended,225080,14487007,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,XXEPICJAKEXX,very good story sad tho
,Recommended,225080,14098392,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,Mauro dv,"Increible and charming game.The control scheme allows for a set of unique and very creative puzzles. Although they are fairly easy and straightforward, they are well thought and entertaining. The fact that they where designed with the brothers cooperation in mind makes them quite unique and you won't see anything like it in any other single player experience. Contrary to what the store page says, it appears that the game CAN be played without a controller.The excellent and yet simple storytelling in this game is yet another proof that well-designed videogames can be a form of art. Through a made up language the characters interact with each other and is up to the player to decipher what's going on by paying attention to the characters' body expressions and gestures. The game is obviously designed so that the story and emotions are easy to understand without the need of explicit dialogues, allowing the players to immerse themselves in this beautiful story by their own interpretations.The game makes good use of the Unreal Engine, creating a fantasy-like universe with consistent elements  with the overarching story and interactions between the Brothers. But it doesn't stop at that, as the game manages to create different environments for each chapters that are one more breathtaking than the other. From the remnants of a giants' battlefield to a glacial landscape filled with singing whales, every path the Brothers traverse was meticulously designed to resemble the syle of a pop-up storybook. This manages to convey the huge scale of the world that surrounds the characters and the significance of the journey of the two Brothers.I can't find words to describe how much this concept is enhanced by playing the game in 3D. Making the game work with a 3DTV is fairly easy with some software like Tridef 3D (I guess Nvidia's 3DVision should work aswell). And I must say, it looks like the environment objects and the camera angles were designed specifically with 3D in mind (and I suppose it wasn't like that, seeing as the game does NOT natively support 3D). This was easily one of the best 3D gaming experiences I ever had, and I look at the 2D screenshots I took while playing and unfortunately they feel extremely underwhelming compared to the sense of scope I felt during those parts.Overall, this game is a must-buy/must-play. Even if you can't find a way to experience it in 3D, the art design is strong enough to stand on its own and the beautiful story of the two Brothers may still be something to catch you by surprise and actually make you feel for the characters. The lenght of the game is approximately 3 hours. Maybe more if you decide to go for a second run in order to get the achievements you may have missed, but they weren't much an incentive to me.One detail (Spoilers?): I still can't figure out if this game was designed for kids, or if it was made for grown ups. It begins as a colorful and charming game, but it quickly turns dark and gritty, full of scenarios I'm not sure how a kid would respond to. The easy puzzles also trew me off. But either way, the game is still something that should be experienced from beggining to end, even by adults."
,Recommended,225080,15101349,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,iL00Miin4rdY,Videogames are art.
,Recommended,225080,11165416,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Magnum,"9/10 (if only it were longer) It's basically like participating in a movie.Great visuals, in-depth atmosphere/gameplay and just overall awesomeness. .Play It Now!"
76561198062407392,Recommended,225080,14684801,"Posted: 27 February, 2015",all,Michailangelo,A unique adventure/puzzle game with breathtaking visuals and a story that makes even the toughest to crack.  Its only issue is that it requires a gamepad with analog sticks to walkthrough smoothly.Definately a must play game even for non-gamers!
,Recommended,225080,14728575,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,William,"Pleasantly surprised.The non-verbal storytelling was completely unique, with every character speaking an imaginary language.  If you get stuck somewhere, you have to glean clues from the pointing cues of the brothers on where to go next.The scenery was amazing.  It's a shame the art of the characters themselves wasn't as polished, because some of the settings in this world were genuinely beautiful.The game, while short, has a fantastic main plot with a lot of optional side content that you can explore to develop interactions with additional characters.I said I was pleasantly surprised at the start of this review because somehow I hadn't heard more about this game.  It's a great Indie title, and I feel like I should have heard more about it sooner.  Pick this up, especially when it's on sale, as it's well worth your own review."
76561198041029423,Recommended,225080,13043881,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,King-brioche,"Very nice gameplay, beautiful atmosphere and graphics, and nice story. Go on ;) !"
,Recommended,225080,14878514,"Posted: 14 March, 2015",all,Pretty boi,Wow. 11/10
,Recommended,225080,8442827,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,dionissos,Απίστευτο όμορφο game με φοβερό gameplay και ένα πολύ δυνατό story.
,Recommended,225080,8422913,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,RedPandaGamer,"Although the controlling two characters with one controller may feel like a gimmick at first, Brothers opens up to a mssive world filled with beautiful backgrounds, interesting norse mythology, and highly engaging gameplay. With a story so heartwrenching it will have you on the verge of tears when you come to to close of this 3-4 hour advenutre. I HIGHLY reccomend this game, for anyone looking for a great time."
76561197972258172,Recommended,225080,8386440,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,[Snizza] EyesofWrath,"A moving story with an interesting control system held together primarily by a strong artistic vision and creative story-telling mechanics. You learn a lot about the characters without ever understanding a word they say to one-another.Unfortunately, I felt that the gameplay didn't really grip me fully until an hour or so in, and even then it had a lot to do with the feel of the environments evolving to become truly magical. The last half of the game is arguably its strongest in terms of both story and gameplay.Perhaps I sound cynical, but in the end my expectations based on reviews and recommendations from friends had probably been too high, as I felt like I had been given a mere taste of a full game, rather than the complete, satisfying product. I do recommend the game, but I don't think I'd play full price as it clocks in at barely 3 hours, and replay value is rather limited in my opinion - I'd return to experience the beautiful world, as the story and puzzles hold no more secrets after one play-through."
,Recommended,225080,8404554,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Erbkaiser,"Brothers uses a very interesting control mechanic, where either analog stick controls one of the two brothers. All levels are designed and take full advantage for this.But that's not why you should play this game.Brothers has no real speech throughout, and what music there is is perfectly matched to the levels. The art design is also beautiful, at times as if you're in a LOTR-kind world. You move through several environments here from villages to high mountains to a frozen world, yet all belong to the same world clearly and it is a wonderful journey. But that's not why you should play this game.So many games try to touch emotion and portray a feeling of loss, but few succeed as well as Brothers does. One of the most impressive games ever made. Play it."
76561197980569989,Recommended,225080,10812556,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Cutter,"Very pretty and moving at points. Also exceeding short, but the $3 I paid for it on sale is about right. I suppose the game must be much more moving for those with siblings as opposed to those of us who are only children or ophans and can't really relate. The control scheme is somewhat annoying. Still, it's refreshing to see games like this being made so support them and buy it."
,Recommended,225080,14996538,"Posted: 21 March, 2015",all,Butane,"Amazing game! I primarily play FPS games, but I bought this on a whim because I noticed it's powered by my favourite game engine,  the Unreal engine, and it looked beautiful. Also, it was on sale for next to nothing when I picked it up.Though I played the game with my kids, I did most of the playing myself, lol. A gamepad is HIGHLY recommended though I managed to play the entire game with a keyboard.  Eventually I bought an xbox type controller and man, what a difference.The only thing I can nitpick about this game is the length; quite short, I think we beat it in 4 hours of playtime or so.All I can say is I felt like a kid again playing a great SNES game.  That's the feeling I got throughout this game.This game is a MUST for any gamer.Masterpiece, 10/10."
,Recommended,225080,8655321,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,AA,"I understand if you are reading these reviews as you are sceptical on whether to buy this game or not.  I was once like you.I originally witnessed this game release on Xbox LIVE Arcade on the Xbox 360 and soon after a media storm ensued - praise was given everywhere from nearly every major gaming outlet.  I still didn't bite.Roll around Steam Winter Sale 2013, I buy Brothers for £3.  Yep, £3.  Possibly the best £3 I have ever spent, on anything.To truly experience this game you will need a controller as this is a ""Single player co-op"" experience, you will be controlling the two brothers on the one controller - One brother using the Left analog stick and trigger and the other brother using the right hand side.  It is difficult to get used to, it is very unfamiliar, at times uncomfortable and it is absoloutley incredible. The way the controls are mapped and how they are used in gameplay tell a narrative that you are probably thinking is impossible, especially when the characters speak a kind of ""Simlish"" language.  Without spoiling anything, these controls are mapped in an EXTREMELY smart way - Please think, if you play this game, why each brother is mapped to that specific side of the controller. Hint: It was not done on accident.Brothers: A Tale of Two Sons takes so many conventions we have become used to in gaming and completely flips them on their head, and then some.  Take nearly everything you know/have learned about modern games and throw it away before heading in to this.The audio is great, the visuals are near perfection.  I can not say any more without spoiling this experience... Just buy and play this game, It will be like nothing you have ever experienced."
,Recommended,225080,34676806,Posted: 1 September,all,Dragon199242,Beautiful game. Beautiful story. Beautiful game play.
,Recommended,225080,7832199,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,MyMy,"I've played it on PS3 already already, bought only to tell this:GOTY. 9/10. For a current price it's a steal, just get it.Gamepad is highly suggested."
,Recommended,225080,14338989,"Posted: 5 February, 2015",all,Amok,"Без приувеличения изумительное приключение, в духе добрых и мрачных сказок.Самый что ни на есть простой сказочный сюжет, подающийся демонстрацией ""немого"" интерактивного мультфильма. О чем говорят персонажи, можно легко понять по эмоциональным возгласам, жестам и ситуациям в целом той или иной обстановки. Так что можете не имкать отображение субтитров в настройках.В следствии чего и продвигаться по уровням придется без привычных подсказок. Впрочем они и не нужны, - практически любое припятствие довольно просто решается. А в силу необычной интерактивности и оригинального геймплея за двоих братьев одновременно - это необычайно интересно и круто. Иногда и сложно. А еще тут красивые пейзажи и потрясающий саунд.Вообщем очень рекомендуется. Таких игр сейчас делают катастрофически мало."
,Recommended,225080,22686141,"Posted: 28 April, 2016",all,Ðark-AnGeℓ❤,intersting story♥  pretty Graphics♥ excellent soundtracks♥ very touching story  with strong meanings...i suggest to try and play this game u wanna love it for sure
,Recommended,225080,7761171,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,t. mike,"good god, is this game ever oppressively depressing.ten outta ten"
,Recommended,225080,28611836,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Mr. Highlightreel,Hey guys! I havent tried this game yet but I'm really excited! :) This is a useful review guys :) please leave a like and subscribe. CAN WE SMASH THAT LIKE BUTTON???
,Recommended,225080,15094481,"Posted: 28 March, 2015",all,MALTOOSH,Very nice touching emotional gameEvery gamer should try this gameI liked the new idea of playing with 2 characters with one gamepadIt will take around 2 hours to finish the game
,Recommended,225080,14628713,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Manberry Sauce,"It's a sweet little adventure game, but fairly short. It can be finished in a single three-hour session. I strongly recommend this game, just not at the full $15 price. Then again, that's about the price of a trip to the movies, and it plays about as long as a Coppola film."
,Recommended,225080,17618551,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Just fucked my PC,"Indeed, being an indie game, I could see the ways the storyline would 'subvert' your expectations a mile off. It would build you up to knock you down, grind at you with grime and supplant you with achievment. What I could not forsee is how the level and puzzle design would be so wonderful that however I thought the story would go, it went with a sense of overcoming and good gameplay. Despite the lack of graphics options, short length and unashamed controller exclusivity, there are moments in this discourse you will not easily forget."
,Recommended,225080,17659769,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,Hizzer,"Swedish filmmaker Josef Fares helps Starbreeze Studios keep its touching, intimate story in focus throughout an otherwise epic journey."
76561198126184122,Not Recommended,225080,34265805,Posted: 15 August,all,Maeeve,"The mechanic of the game was interesting but imho that's the only good point of this game. Too short, the story is linear and so cliche that it irritates me, the world where it's set is disjointed, the puzzles were potentially fun but too easy and not many overall and the finale basically makes it so all your efforts were in vain. (Oh, of the 9 hours played i spent 6 afk leaving the game on, the game is easily completed in 3 hours)."
,Recommended,225080,31728842,Posted: 13 May,all,DOM,"The joke is that i payed only 1,50€ for a game that is definitely one of the ♥♥♥♥ing best games ive ever played. im serious: i feel bad about this.there wasnt any game before that touched my soul in a way that i had to cry.a very beautiful and sad story without spoken words... everyone should give this game a try!﻿This masterpiece has such a beautiful story .This game is not like EVERY SINGLE GAME ( not every but you can understand what i mean ) , IT DOESNT HAVE  A HAPPY ENDING  , its sad , and its incredibly well made! One of the greatest games i have ever played , i will remember it forever."
,Recommended,225080,11669974,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Timpro,Something neverplayed befoor awesome
,Recommended,225080,14434704,"Posted: 11 February, 2015",all,JeT_WoLf,"Игра Brothers - A Tale of Two Sons произвела на меня неизгладимое впечатление. Простая история о братьях, отправившихся за «живой» водой для заболевшего отца, захватывает дух красивыми пейзажами, чарующей музыкой, вниманием к деталям и, конечно, сильной развязкой.  10/10"
,Recommended,225080,13642597,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Sib3riX,"I love this game. You can play with keyboard. Amazing game, rly nice graphic. recommended 10/10game worth 1,49 euros even more"
,Recommended,225080,15460248,"Posted: 20 April, 2015",all,Nice-Job-26,"Its a very good story with it own difficulties,The controls are sometime a bit weird in practice butI never had a dull moment in the game.A controller is not require to play....8/10"
,Recommended,225080,8447683,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Pz |M7ᴏᴏ,لعبة ممتاز
,Recommended,225080,10813005,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Lemon,Feels.
,Not Recommended,225080,33058395,Posted: 30 June,all,Perdix,"TL;DR - A short, shallow game in which it is expected that the (not to be understated) novelty of the control-scheme is expected to carry the user's interest through an otherwise bland experience set in a beautiful environment.I can see why people liked it, but after being recommended it by plenty of other peeps - I don't think I'll pass on the recommendation.  I grew up playing games on PC and never had a console - so games like this that feel like classic PS1/PS2 games (but with updated graphics and a neat control scheme) don't have a nostalgia-itch to scratch for me; so I have to look at this game based on its other attributes :The Good---------------The art style and world-building are beautiful and very atmosphericThe sound design is gloriously richThe controls for this game were satisfying to use (note : I was using steam-controller)The Not-So-Good---------------If you're expecting a good story to immerse yourself into them oh boy keep looking. There's no story aspect in this game that was developed further than the back of a napkin.For a puzzle game, there's, like...no puzzles. You just keep moving forward and doing the immediately obvious thing and then the game ends.I can see why people would like this game, but after the first 30 minutes I was just bored; it was clear that there were no surprises or additional mechanics that would change things up.  It feels like a wasted opportunity in which a game clearly meant to tug at your heart-strings gave you absolutely no reason to care about anything that was happening.Not for me, it seems."
,Recommended,225080,12228770,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Orientoad,"I cannot recommend this game enough. I started the game not knowing much about it except that TotalBiscuit recommended it and thought it was incredible. The game controls were a little confusing at first but once you adjust to controlling both characters with the same controller, it instantly became incredible and amazingly unique. The graphics are beautiful and the sound even more so. The game contained no actual language, yet the ending brought me to tears, literally. Despite the mere two hours and a half of gameplay (three if you take your time exploring, which I recommend too), the game is more than worth the price! This game is a must play."
,Recommended,225080,13735381,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,rss,"First of all - CONTROLLER IS NOT NEEDED, STRETCHED FINGERS ARE.Well, I must admit that I'm rarely able to finish any game in one go, but on the other hand, new games are getting shorter, this is why I prefer to avoid them.However -Brothers - A tale of Two Sonswas totally worth the price (normal or discount ones, really). It has everything a good tale should have - good, yet simple plot, brave and bad characters, amazing views and miracles happening, funny and sad moments, not to mention all the little secrets that were not resolved and are all up to you in interpretation.I truly enjoyed the gameplayand the idea of brothers cooperating in order to achieve their target. I was playing using a keyboard so you may imagine that it wasn't the best and most pleasuring way to experience a game, but I took it as an extra challenge. Some parts were quite hard, it takes some patience to master the characters jumping for example. I must admit I loved the gameplay - it feels like you are watching the movie, and I haven't got this feeling since playing Fahrenheit. Well, both are adventures but this isn't simple 'pick up and use' story. I have a feeling that this would break the wonderful atmosphere this game has.Music and graphics- My respect goes to authors of this game. For me, personally this is the best Eye candy game since a long time, it reminds me of Fable at times, but this is a different genre of game. Here it feels really.... surreal, Mythical landscapes meeting mythical characters creating simply wonderful atmosphere.Speaking of sound -you don't need to know englishor any other language in order to play this game. Brothers and all characters met by them are speaking the worldwide known, universal language known as the sign/body language. It becomes very clear what is their target, where they are going and what are they thinking at the moment.You shouldtry this gameif you are a true fan of adventures. Sure, it can be hard at times but wasn't Fahrenheit the same when it came to controlling the keys and pressing them frantically? If you want to spend a nice evening and have wonderful dreams try this game. And this comes from a guy who rarely plays new adventure games.9/10 - Will play again to discover all hidden places and achievements.+ Graphics and the Music, the Atmosphere, Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥ rainbows and aurora Polaris.+ Funny mini bosses. The idea of characters cooperating (Playing them at the same time) makes the game challenging and not as easy at it may seem.+ Characters language. Oh, Becuase everyone in the fairly-tale-like world should know English, right?+ The world. The mystic lore of the world, leaving you wondering what exactly is going on. I want to visit it again!+ Some ideas for puzzles were pretty nice.- Should be longer! Really, I wouldn't mind seeing 2-3 stories, each with 6 chapters. Or some special modes.And eh, for most of the game I couldn't help but think how the hell they are going to make their way home. Eh, Could be worse."
,Recommended,225080,29150803,Posted: 9 January,all,grimm,"This game is treat for for your senses. It will take you on a journey through colorful and deadly landscape. Playing as two brothers (co-op is a must :)) you have to  find a cure for your father. The game is rather short but it will stick with you for years.Everything from music, story and graphics just work so well together.  Thumbs up for imagination and execution on this one.Recommned to anyone looking for a great co-op experience!"
,Recommended,225080,9640801,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,lp,Beautiful and devastating. There need to be more games like this.
,Recommended,225080,8625940,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Wholesale Soup Retailer,"This game has the most amazing story off any game I have ever played,  one of the best stories I have witnessed in any medium. The scenery is breath taking, truely distracted me at points. The fantasy world this game created is creative and wonderful. The gameplay is simple yet satisfying and doesn't get repetitive or dull. One of the best games I have ever played hands down. They should make a movie out of it.  I just finished it, so im still freaking out over how much I loved it, so this review could deffinately be more well  thought out. Never the less, 10 out of 10. One my favorite all time games. play it."
76561198029627460,Recommended,225080,8416920,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Bletuce and Plamatoes,"Great game. Absolutely gorgeous world to see and play through, get it while you can. Keep in mind, it's not very long, 2-3 hour play through. But if youre into actual GREAT indie titles, with unque story telling, pick this up."
,Recommended,225080,8494964,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Yon,I cried.
76561198053605657,Recommended,225080,10464957,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,rainblowninja,Supa feels....you have been warned
,Recommended,225080,10280839,"Posted: 29 May, 2014",all,See Dub,"I've been playing video games a long time, but I've never had an experience quite like this.  I completely recommend this game to anyone, regardless of price."
,Recommended,225080,8415311,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,SqwirlyQ,Late to the party on this one but quite a riveting and refreshing gaming experience. Pretty much a must play.
,Recommended,225080,8200395,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Valderhaug,Best game
,Recommended,225080,8390050,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,SIR LAFFALOT,"Brothers is great game. The story, atmosphere, and soundtrack are all fantastic. Thanks to the wonderful creativity of the developers, the fantasy setting was executed masterfully and the world was awesome to explore and immerse myself in.I just wish I could have explored a bit more. My only complaint is that the game itself is a bit short - I finished it in one sitting of 3 hours. I felt the world and story had a lot of unexplored potential that could have been experienced if the developers had made this game just a couple hours longer, though with how much attention to detail and effort went into those hours, I can understand why they concluded it there.My honest reccomendation is to get this game while its on sale, as you could buy games with more content for the same price, such as Dust: An Elysian Tail.  But, as I said, Brothers is a great game. Even if it is only 3/4 hours, I definitely enjoyed every minute of it. Check it out."
,Recommended,225080,8660894,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Abusive Husband,"A charming little game.The best thing about it is that the story doesn't play out in cutscenes, you actually play through the narration. More games should follow this example instead of imitating movies (EHM max payne 3). The gameplay is pleasant and satisfying, the ""1 player coop"" control system is cool and innovative, but it's a shame that the game is too short and has far too few and too easy puzzles and boss fights. It feels like the system hasn't been used to its full potential. The price tag is probably too high for the 2/3 hour lenght it takes to finish this. And with no other gamemodes or actual variety, you'll probably leave it to gather dust in your steam library after a couple of playthroughs. Still a neat game, emotional story and beautiful scenaries."
76561198013874018,Recommended,225080,8498493,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Staplehead,"Brothers - A Tale of Two Sons is simply put, one of the best game I have ever played. Never have I been so captivated by characters whos words are mere emotional cues.You are dropped into a world which has a delightful charm on its own and control two main protagonists in which you solve puzzels and explore the fantasy world that Starbreeze has created. You are taken on an adventure with epic proportions with some helpful (and evil) characters who can help guide you and create a great tone for the game. One thing that I really found interesting about the game is that even though its charm gives off a somewhat  happy tone for the game, however Starbreeze has shown in this game that no matter how the game looks you can also give off a very grim mood as well and I am glad that they chose to create a somewhat mature story that people can understand and possibly relate to the characters. The Starbreeze developers we're able to create a world with great visuals and also had a very simple goal in mind but allowed you to choose for yourself what really happened story wise by not giving the characters much oral interaction. Even though there isn't oral interaction between the characters (that we can understand), you can easily tell what emotions the characters are feeling and I think it was a fantastic feature.I hope you enjoy this game as much a I did. I also hope that you forgive me that I left out a lot of information about the story because I would like you to experience it on your own and my input would most likely affect how you feel about the outcome.~Ratings~-Visuals 10/10--Sound 9/10- Could have seen maybe more ambient sounds at some points-Gameplay 9/10- Great puzzles however some trouble sometimes haveing the characters activate some keyparts in the puzzle or characters getting stuck (VERY RARELY)-Replayability 7/10- I would say if you beat this once you will most likely not play it again. Its very linear with some optional parts but nothing enough to make you come back unless you want to hear the story again.-Story 10/10- Game of the year material"
76561198055658058,Recommended,225080,8816261,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Prophet of Harambe,its breathtaking and just beautiful. The story is awesome and it had parts that just made me tear up. Buy this game now.
,Recommended,225080,8408412,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,cantsleep,"I just finished this game and well... it must be one of the most beautiful games I ever played. It's a short duration game without many challenges, but with delightful environments and a deep immersion in a fantastic well crafted world. I'm really glad to have played Brothers - A Tale of Two Sons. I would recommend this game to everyone, but especially for those who appreciates art and fantasy."
,Recommended,225080,8394743,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Alan Parsons,"Awesome environments, characters, interactions, aesthetic, controls, design, everything. It is short, so don't spend time watching reviews and whatnot. The less you see beforehand the more you will enjoy it."
,Recommended,225080,7988819,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Hatsuna,"Brothers - A Tale of Two Sons is exactly as the title suggests, the story of two boys, connected by the bonds of brotherhood, unified in their quest to find a cure for their dying father (this is relayed to the player in the first minute or so of the game).  From the moment we pick up the controller (more on this later), we too, are tied to these boys.  We guide them forward, facing the adventure that lies ahead.Brothers is in every way an experience refined to its most vital, leanest, core.  There is no dialogue to read, no complexity or depth to the controls, or even mindblowing technical detail to the environments.  What we have instead is not by many standards an objectively better game, but one which utilizes its design choices to create an incredibly engaging and meaningful experience.Brothers’ story is “told” to the player through an almost primal but ultimately simple and refined manner.  No English nor any known language is spoken (as far as I know) in the world in which our fated brothers inhabit.  Instead, the intonation of the voice and the expressions displayed by the characters serve as the primary method of narration.  In this way, engaging our senses without having language and words to get in the way, we begin to empathize at a core emotional level with the brothers and the people around them.  Wanting to smile at the sound of their laughter; tensing at moments of stress, tearing at moments of pain.  Without “telling” us anything, Brothers makes us feel.  And that in itself is an achievement.Upon recommendation, I was told to play Brothers using a controller.  After playing through Brothers, I can understand why such a recommendation was made.  The controller is split in half, one action button, a camera button, and an analog movement stick for each brother.  In this way, each brother feels like an extension of the self.  As you struggle to coordinate the movements of your own hands, you watch as they too, struggle to work together.  As you improve, so do they, traversing the terrain with the ease of a well oiled machine.  In this way, running, tiptoeing, sneaking around, moving in general just feels good in analog, as it should.And while Brothers is by no means a technically impressive game, it does pull off awe inspiring spectacle.  The terrain is highly varied, puzzles never overstay their welcome, and moments of pure exhilaration and smile inducing giddiness play at odds with true moments of adversity, rounding out the experience as a whole.  In this way, the variance of the environments reflects the range of emotion that occurs in Brothers.  Wrapped in what in hindsight looks like a 2-3 hour rollercoaster ride, but in the moment, felt like days of adventuring, Brothers is an experience worth having.  Not to watch someone else experience, or to even read about, but to have and experience and live yourself."
,Recommended,225080,6682604,"Posted: 8 September, 2013",all,kpaxxx,"Pro: Awesome visual style, original gameplay, great ""taste""Contra: Short length, easy puzzles and very simple scenario :(Anyway you should play it! If not for full price, then GET it, when it'll be on 50% sale. MUST PLAY"
76561198070505235,Recommended,225080,7450196,"Posted: 22 October, 2013",all,Resce,This is mandatory playing for anyone interested in the narrative power of video games. So much more than the boring title suggests. Play this game.
,Recommended,225080,7553282,"Posted: 2 November, 2013",all,anticz,Absolutely beatiful. My Game of the Year for 2013.
,Recommended,225080,10779691,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,♦PookieBoo♦,"Definitely one of my favorite games of the year. Short and sweet (6 hours max), but powerful story. Beautiful land shots and unique creatures."
,Recommended,225080,10803306,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,EET FUK,Best Scandinavia Simulator 201410/10
,Recommended,225080,10815318,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Syn,"Una obra maestra de la narrativa a través de la mecánica. El final mejor trabajado que vi jamás, hands down."
,Recommended,225080,10821704,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Hey_Trevor,"Beautiful Game!Beautiful sound track, beautiful scenarios and a deep and WONDERFUL story.Everyone should play this game!"
,Recommended,225080,10823101,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Necryth,"Wow. What an amazing game. Get ready to feel every motion and experience something very rare in games. The story is breathtaking and the environments are creative, impeccable, and intelligently designed. Buy it! Buy it! Everyone should play this!"
,Recommended,225080,10814606,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Finraziel,"I just played this game for 2 to 3 hours... finished it... and I don't think I'll play it again. So, it's short and not worth getting? Oh no it's absolutely worth getting!This game was one of the most impressive experiences I've had in a game ever. The graphics and music are superb, the gameplay is fun (it takes a little bit to get the hang of controlling the two brothers at the same time but it's surprisingly intuitive), but what really gets you is the story which is odd for a game that essentially has no dialogue (or at least not in an existing language). It's incredibly touching and beautiful and managed to instill a sense of brotherly love (or I think so, being an only child).I should warn you though, this game will leave a scar on your soul. If you're not afraid of some feelings and not too closed up to not allow yourself to feel anything over a game, then buy it, strap in and enjoy this exhilerating ride for as long as it lasts. Right now in the sale it's only 3 euros and that's an absolute steal I'd say, the game itself may not have taken too long to complete, but it will be a long time before I forget about it."
,Recommended,225080,10819226,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Törtelwin!,Made me cry like a baby 10/10
,Recommended,225080,8396422,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Kis Grofóóó aka. Devládé,Masterpiece!
,Recommended,225080,8400224,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,shinwa,"It has been a while since i played a game like Brothers, a game that's not simply about smashing buttons as fast as you can, killing dudes or monster or whatever, Brothers is a game that tryes and mostly succed telling you a story, a story of two young brothers trying to save their dad.The gameplay is fun and relaxing, most of the puzzles are relatively easy, but rewarding, you'll probably finish the game in 2-3 hours at most, but i promise you that, even if it's really short, you'll remember this game for a long time."
,Recommended,225080,8388385,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Merella,Buy it now! Great little indie game with a great story. *wipes tear*
,Recommended,225080,7968937,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,YONI FAGOTTINI,"With a language making even less sense than the language spoken in magicka this game is deemed to be ""fun"".It's♥♥♥♥♥♥to play with keyboard at first and you will bang your face straight into a wall a few times, but it will all pay off. You will indeed look better with that in blood covered face.Haven't played this game with a controller because, well, I don't own one.The scenery is quite neat, and playing through the story is fun as well.I give this gayman a Mt.Dew / Doritos"
,Recommended,225080,8401807,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Eggnog,One of the best games of 2013.
,Recommended,225080,8668898,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,AriCardeyrn,"An intriguing story about 2 brothers who have to safe there dad from dying. The game is set in a beautiful environment overflowing with creativity. This is a nice game, your collection worthy!"
,Recommended,225080,8623108,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,docfate,"A masterpiece like To the Moon.  A short, but VERY touching and moving story with minimal puzzles.  The control scheme is unique in that you control each brother with one thumbstick.  It works very well and even helps with the emotional impact of the story.  I am trying to avoid anything that seems spoilerish because this game must be experienced with fresh eyes.  A true groundbreaking work of pure art.  I loved it!"
,Recommended,225080,8567928,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,docmars,"I highly recommend this game. It's refreshingly much less violent than everything I play. The story is a tear-jerker. Graphics are absolutely gorgeous. Everything was incredibly well-done, including the gameplay mechanics. I was a little worried about the controls at first, but once you get used to them, that becomes the challenge and it's pretty entertaining actually!The other thing I really appreciate about the story is how much wonder it gives you. It doesn't really explain anything, but outlines this entire universe where everything seems normal to the characters, yet there's so much that's unique about it. It feels like the realization of a fairy tale or a fable. It's got a lot of charm.Go play this. Now! It'll only take you 3 hours."
,Recommended,225080,8653063,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Chibee,"This is a beautifully made game. The first thought when you hear you'll be controlling two characters at the same time would be 'That would be annoyingly difficult' But it isn't. It gets simple and easy to do quickly, so don't let that discourage you about this game. The story is also very touching, despite the characters not speaking an understandable language you start to care for them and understand them. It takes a short time to complete, yet it will capture your heart in that short period of time."
,Recommended,225080,8658408,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Slashrawr,"Brothers - A Tale of Two Sons is a moving story set in a breathtakingly beautiful world.The story, while linear, is brilliantly told through some outstanding gameplay set to a wistful soundtrack. Perfectly paced and long enough to feel fulfilling but short enough to not feel as if it's dragging on.Level design is impeccable with lovely touches like benches situated at various vantage points as if there hint to the player to stop and take in the amazing surroundings. What you expect to be interactable, is interactable. The puzzles while simple, suit the game; it's a story game more than a puzzle game.I enjoyed every moment playing Brothers and for once didn't feel like I wanted to rush to the end. I can't recommend this game enough to anyone wanting a true adventure game with a touching and compelling narrative."
,Recommended,225080,8275661,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,[GWJ]Baron_Of_Hell,I was bored at first but after things go a little dark the game  picks up greatly.  Very pretty and emotional . Might be my game of the year. You don't need a controller but having one with rumble support will turn a great game into the greatest game. At the very end they make really great use of rumble.
,Recommended,225080,8497740,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,CosmoCat,"Magical, enchanting and touching. Play this game, it's worth it!"
,Recommended,225080,8541376,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,mILe,"Relatively short and not particularly challenging YET emotionally powerful, deeply touching and immensely satisfying. Sublime in all it does right and the rest is overshadowed by some of the most compelling narrative out there. I applaud! An absolute triumph!"
,Recommended,225080,8525646,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,bird,Nothing short of masterful. I will never forget this game.
76561198047416678,Recommended,225080,8523155,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,patrickrowan,this game is stunning and a joy to play
,Recommended,225080,8481552,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,necklessone,Amazing.  The mechanics are simple and engaging at the same time while the game manages to clearly and elegantly tell a story with no dialouge.
,Recommended,225080,8504537,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,therabit,"A decent puzzle game, it looks very pretty but the story feel contrive and not exactly well done. Controling the 2 brothers with 2 thumb stick is cool but sometimes can get frustrating."
,Recommended,225080,8546322,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Jano,"This is an excellent game that drives home the “game experience” more than anything else. Not many games can portray a story as successfully as Brothers without a single line of dialogue. As a player you become quickly immersed in the story and sucked into the game. You start empathizing with the characters throughout the emotional events you encounter. The entire experience—the duality of controlling two characters, the puzzles involved with the control setup, the beautiful environment artwork, and the music that brings it all together is something that will stick with me for a very long time. I highly recommend this game and greatly encourage players to support game studios that create games with this high-level of game design."
,Recommended,225080,8403727,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Fancy Grape,"Feels like a movie (a good one), gameplay is quite different. It's a 2-3hour adventure (unless you want to go back for all the achievements you've missed) but well worth it."
76561198072979758,Recommended,225080,8521414,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Octopappa,Fint spel!
,Recommended,225080,11050705,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Sahasrahla,Jogue.
,Recommended,225080,10889087,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,chipotle,This was easly the best game I've ever played in my life.PLEASE BUY IT. FOR YOUR OWN GOOD. PLEASE BUY IT.
,Recommended,225080,10780842,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,[MM] WMan22,"Reminds me very much of a Team ICO game, in a good way. It's interesting controlling two characters at once.Yeah, it's worth the money.There's not much else that I think I can say about this game."
,Recommended,225080,10779400,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,RSQViper,Great game. Just awful controls with a keyboard. Nearly impossible to play with one due to the play style of the game. Absolutely use a controller. No complaints at all when I switched to a controller.Game itself is fantastic and a decent length with some touching moments. I liked the mechanics and the story.
76561198034276678,Recommended,225080,10244420,"Posted: 26 May, 2014",all,Gene Parmesan,"Beautiful story, beautiful scenery, beautiful artwork....just a beautiful game."
76561198011040401,Recommended,225080,8478212,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,DP.ZulM,1. Play with a controller.2. Play alone.3. Play uninterrupted.
,Recommended,225080,10959075,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Crumpetman,"Everyone should play this game, if only for a particular poignant moment that I won't ruin.Amazing example of how game mechanics can be used to communicate emotion and human relationships.Plus only 3hrs long so no excuses :)"
76561198014312699,Recommended,225080,10960712,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Saltamontes,BUY THIS GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!BUY THIS GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!BUY THIS GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!BUY THIS GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!BUY THIS GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!BUY THIS GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!BUY THIS GAME!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,225080,11290038,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,Shanghaiguizi,"Without doubt the most stunningly beautiful ""short"" game currently out there.  The landscapes and ambience, paired with the game's music make it such an immersive and emotional journey.  It is an incredibly brief game in terms of overall gameplay time but I highly recommend at least one play through for every PC gamer.  The way the devs have set-up the achievements is also a nice touch, with no achivements given for in-game milestones or 'checkpoints.'  Rather, achievements are awarded for going off the beat and track and sometimes doing unconventional things.  By this I in no way mean the environment is open sandbox, it is extremely linear with little scope for exploration.An excellent gaming experience that is definitely worth the money."
76561198069227923,Recommended,225080,11180987,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,Bulld0z3R,Fresh and fantastic!!!
76561198021790621,Recommended,225080,11150638,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Foffe,A cute game with beutiful nordic enviroments. Good story. The game is however rather short and very easy.
76561197963882623,Recommended,225080,11154773,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,ScrimShaw,"I'ts just one of those games that makes you ""feel"". In the right mood it connects to you and make you be aware of the choices you make and how it affects others - and in the end how it affect you."
76561197960999276,Recommended,225080,11005723,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,R13-The 2nd Type,"It was fun but short.  Bought the game for 1.99 on sale and it took 2 hours and some change in time to beat playing a ""blind"" run.  Nice game, but the puzzles are easy, the story was predictable, and the graphics felt cartoony.Over all this title is more a short story and less a video game.  If you can play a game and appreciate it for the story over the game play, then this will be a great experience.  If you favor game play over story and settings, then pass on this title."
76561197984564474,Recommended,225080,11352750,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,vtrmoura,"smart puzzles, great atmosphere and gameplay, I've a really good time playing it.thank you Starbreeze Studios for the great experience."
,Recommended,225080,8648504,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,bad1080,"unbelievable storytelling, cinematography and gameplay!"
,Recommended,225080,8592767,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,UTZ|OziOn,"Very smooth and beautiful game. Good story too. I sort of wish that there were more puzzles, and more challenging puzzles. 8/10"
,Recommended,225080,11891581,"Posted: 27 August, 2014",all,RonynCato (ಠ_ಠ),"I would recommend that you get this game; on sale if you can. The mechanics of controlling two separate characters at the same time can be challenging (See Infuriating) but once you get used to it, this game's atmosphere, music and minimalist story (Which is delivered through game mechanics and visuals)  all shine. A definite recommendation. I sped through this game in 3 hours, but judging by the achievement list, there's probably more game time you can squeeze out of this title."
,Recommended,225080,11421707,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Wulfbanes,"I played this as a good test for my controller, and I think it was lovely. It took me around 3 hours to finish, and that felt right. It's a lovely story, and good alternative for a movie night, etc. Played it with my partner watching, and we were both very impressed. Would play through for the first time again if I could. Will put on the list of media to consume regularly when I grow senile.Upon reflection the day later, I will recommend it even more heavily. It's exactly the game I wanted to play."
,Recommended,225080,12080263,"Posted: 12 September, 2014",all,tehphred,Amazing game!  Beautiful landscapes.  The ending is extremely powerful.
,Recommended,225080,12092013,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Nardypants,Amazing game. Worth every penny. I can't say anything wrong about it.
,Recommended,225080,8752867,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Zarkan,Very short but highly immersive and emotional. A little indie masterpiece.
76561197986413987,Recommended,225080,7530118,"Posted: 31 October, 2013",all,Zenitslav,"toching game, well worth it's cost"
,Recommended,225080,8831210,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Laitsu,"Beautiful graphics, stunningly good sounds and unique gameplay mechanics. Story is told by unknown language and speech like in Zelda games but it delivers narrative pretty well. Good to play in one session since it's short like 3-4 hours when exploring the places which you can. And you can't explore that much since the path forward is pretty much decided.Autocamera does its job really well but it is sometimes too dominant and doesn't let you to view all the surroundings as you want. Frequent autosaves and gameplay where it is hard to kill yourself makes it pretty easy, but it is still fun to play.I'd give it a 8½. Maybe returning to this game sometimes in the future for the achievements since most of them are really easy miss on the journey."
,Recommended,225080,3881335,"Posted: 15 September, 2013",all,Fwendly_Mushwoom,"It's two hours long, and only uses two buttons, yet it is the greatest game I've ever played in my life.I laughed, I cried. This game has overjoyed, disgusted, terrified, and moved me.Brothers - A Tale of Two Sons is literally the most emotionally beautiful work of art I have ever experienced. I feel like I've changed from playing it. No work of fiction has ever done this to me until now."
76561198038271086,Recommended,225080,8829108,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,brylv426,"This is the perfect game for an adult gamer.What I mean by that is the gamer who's got a job, family, other responsibilities and thus wants a gaming experience that's tightly focused, with no wasted grind-y nonsense. A gamer willing to understand that a ""good"" ending and a ""happy"" ending rarely converge.Brothers is a deceptively simple game that is, in a word, beautiful. Think of the first twenty minutes of Wall-E or the first ten minutes of Up: a simple, wordless parable told in images and movement with not a single wasted gesture.This is a game that respects its audience tremendously and, in turn, earns that respect back.I offer a single caution: set aside three hours and play the entire game in a single sitting. I made the mistake of playing it for a few minutes each day over the course of a week and I thin, unfortunately, that blunted the impact of the experience for me."
,Recommended,225080,8472057,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,NigNogTwattySmack,"Holy♥♥♥♥♥♥stix, this game is awesome. The story, although there are no subtitles and the language is some madeup gibberish, similar to the Sims, it toyed with my feelsbox in ways most games/movies/shows will never be able to.Controlling two characters at once is pretty strange at first, but ends up becoming more natural as the game progresses. The puzzles and platforming at amazing as well, not too hard as to break from the immersion, but with enough difficulty to make you stop and think for a moment.The music is phenominal, this soundtrack is God-tier.Overall, a short game (completed in just over 3 hours 191 minutes) but so definitely worth the money! BUY THIS NOW!!!"
,Recommended,225080,8388902,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,SIGKILL9,"Never felt less alone in a single player game.  One of those game that is able to tell a touching story successfully without words.  There is plenty of stunning scenery as well as interesting creatures encountered throughout this beautiful world.  While the game play and puzzles might lean on the simplistic side, I never found myself seeking more of a challenge but rather instead was only interested in furthering the adventure.  Definitely a top game of 2013."
76561198003609901,Recommended,225080,8709159,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Robjnack,"8 / 10 - An extremely beautiful game with multiple 'screenshot worthy' moments.  Built in an classical yet very fresh fantasy world, the puzzles are mostly casual and do not disturb the tempo of the story.  Since the end was a little disappointing for me, I have found more fun in the game's journey than in its destination.At 100% achievement in 4-5 hours, it is also a must for you hunters out there."
76561198018870026,Recommended,225080,9378363,"Posted: 7 March, 2014",all,Maevre,"A beautiful game that reminds me of one of my all time favorites: ICO. I cannot recommend it highly enough. Everything works: The creative control scheme, the camera work, the characters, the story... Do make sure you play it with a control pad though, or your experience may vary."
76561198085795473,Recommended,225080,8608235,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,HereIsNoWhy_,Amazing game. Beautiful world and story. Got used to the controls really quickly and never had a problem with the gameplay. Recommended.
,Recommended,225080,8630474,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,IntheCoconut,"A short, charming game that is both whimsicle and dark at the same time. The visuals are gorgeous, the characters are quirky and likeable, and the puzzles (although easy) are entertaining. I was surprised by how much the story and simple gameplay managed to pull me in and keep me immersed.The controls are clumsy and frustrating at times, and it is very short. Some people might not justify spending $15 for only 3 hours of gameplay, but I've spent more money on garbage at the movies.  Despite its few flaws, Brothers - A Tale of Two Sons still gets a recommended from me."
,Recommended,225080,8642058,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Remunos,"It's a nice-looking game with beautiful, artistic visuals, set in a curious fantasy world - one that would be wonderful to explore more deeply.  Sadly, the extent of exploration is a handful of short paths that lead to more visuals or one or two short interactive scenes.  The entire game can be wrapped up in three hours, even with exporation and achievement hunting.  The story isn't particularly interesting or original and the puzzles are completely intuitive, lacking any sort of challenge or brain-bending.In short, it's pretty significantly over-rated.  Would love to see an extended version, at least three times as long, with more challenging puzzles and a deeper story...and no gibberish passing as language.  Still, it's worth playing if on sale for at least 75% off regular price.  Score: 6 out of 10 for pretty visuals and an original (or at least under-utilized) idea for game mechanics."
76561197961932968,Recommended,225080,8642150,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Wolfester,Play this game.All of the feels.
,Recommended,225080,8640779,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Captain Myers,"This game is so visually pleasing before it even starts. You even get the option to simply sit and view the outstanding scenery and the benches showcase some of the most breathtaking fantasy visuals. The game itself grasps you as soon as you start, and you are emmersed into a storyline that has you gripped in ways you wouldn't imagine; all this with no dialogue!I played this without a controller on the PC and it wasn't too hard to control, but sometimes I did derp and end up doing something stupid, but that's my brains fault for not realising what I was doing. I really enjoyed playing on keyboard as I feel it made the puzzles and movement of the brothers a little harder instead of having analog sticks which would make it pretty easy.Overall, I really recommend this game! It's beautiful in every way imaginable."
,Recommended,225080,8614985,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Autobott,"This game is truly a work of art.  The art style was amazing, it was like playing a painting.  The storyline and emotions conveyed...so good, all without any actual dialog.  None of the puzzles were very difficult, but the great gameplay made up for it."
,Recommended,225080,8624700,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Mr. Mann,Excellent Game! Was a bit short but I still need to go back and get all of the achievements I missed! The story is great and the soundtrack fits the game perfectly! Would definetely recomend this game to anyone! Make sure you have a controller though because you need to control both brothers at the same time!
76561197979560185,Recommended,225080,8477131,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Zilch,Lovely touching little game. Short but sweet.I would recommend giving yourself the three-four hours this takes to play and sit through and play from start to finish.
,Recommended,225080,8642907,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Rusty Shackleford™,This game is an emotional rollercoaster and you would do yourself a diservice not to experince it.
,Recommended,225080,8420901,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Harleii,"There's so much to say about this game, yet I dont believe their are enough words to describe the sheer brilliance of this title... There is nothing happy about the story so be ready for a tear jerker through the entire game. But the beauty and wonder of the world that has been created for you to explore with these two brothers appears to be endless for much of the game.It's an amazing game well worth the few hours necessary to beat it, the soundtrack is spot on, and the backdrops the game are set in is something else to behold."
,Recommended,225080,8426810,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,TK-575,This game is as good as they say! The people in the game have a different language like in the Sims but this makes you focus more on the game and you can still understand the people through body language and expressions. The story is great and I can't wait to finish this one :DHas controller support too! ^_^
,Recommended,225080,12092669,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,draft.punk,"So many feels.  So many daggers to the heart - good and bad. Twists, turns, and experiences you don't expect coming into the game. Morbidly beautiful and visually amazing."
,Recommended,225080,12017385,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,mishavozduh,"Brilliant art direction, nice music, unique ""single player coop"" gameplay.I definitely would recommend it, with a few exceptions. Since it is difficult to talk about the game at all without spoiling the story, I highly advise spoiler-sensitive people to stop reading and just try the game for themselves.****MILD SPOILERS AHEAD********MILD SPOILERS AHEAD********MILD SPOILERS AHEAD********MILD SPOILERS AHEAD********MILD SPOILERS AHEAD********MILD SPOILERS AHEAD********MILD SPOILERS AHEAD********MILD SPOILERS AHEAD********MILD SPOILERS AHEAD********MILD SPOILERS AHEAD****I honestly think the first cutscene was unnessecary. And, on a more general note, I do not recommend this game to people who are depressed (or even think they are depressed). This is not a happy game. Which may come as a surprise because of all the bright-colours, fairy tale-like style. It's more of a sad (realistic?) story. Frankly speaking, it's outright dark and macabre in some places. Sort of reminded me of ""A Song of Ice and Fire"" - there are fantasy elements, but ""life happens"" still.An interesting, interactive 2-3 hour story with beautiful visuals and unique mechanics. As long as you're OK with the story also being sad and realistic, do give it a try."
76561197970859641,Recommended,225080,12007448,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Azeral,Brothers is an adventure/puzzle solving game told without dialog and experienced by the player through the control scheme. A relatively short game with a unique premise and one of the best game stories in 2014.
,Recommended,225080,11868410,"Posted: 25 August, 2014",all,Crazy,"Although it's relatively short, clocking in at around 5 hours of gameplay by time I finished it, this is one of my absolute favorite games. It has an extremely well-written storyline and it had me hooked from the moment the game started.I've always loved adventure games and this one certainly was quite the adventure, taking you through many dangerous terrains and trials to reach your ultimate goal.But, I think one of the most charming aspects of the game is that they don't speak a real language. And although you don't understand the words being said, you still understand what's going on and what you have to do. It really gives you the feeling that you're in a world vastly different from (and yet similar to) our own.I'll have to stop myself or I'll ramble on forever, but this really is a great game and I'd definitely recommend it to anyone that loves a good adventure!"
,Recommended,225080,9579486,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,Scarlett,"Simple, but beautiful and surprisingly dark. Be prepared to have both hands on the keyboard for controls, or a PC controller, to enjoy this wonderful and sorrowful tale."
,Recommended,225080,8455970,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,beepbeep29,awesome game.
,Recommended,225080,10815008,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Tyar,"Two brothers set out on their adventure and seem to be crossing half the land for their quest. This game has (to my knowlege) it's own language. I didn't undestand a thing of what they were saying, but at the same time, thanks to brilliant camera use and great body language in the characters I didn't have to guess what was going on at any time.The game itself blew my mind. Stunning visuals, great places/levels, real easy controls even though you might have to get used to controlling both brothers at the same time. The story took me in and didn't let me go. No loading screens so you can really feel connected. Puzzles in this game get a bit tougher, but all work on the same principle as you get familiar with in the beginning. This game is really a classic. It should be in everybody's list, mind and heart.Final verdict 9.5/10+Awesome story. Shows you don't need to understand a language in order to know what's going on,+Amazing visuals,+Short, but packs a punch,- Too bad you NEED a controller for it, but once you've played it, you'll know why."
76561197989196406,Recommended,225080,10771119,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Gaboou,"A really beautiful experience. :)It's currently on sale and you really can't go wrong if you spent just 2,99€ on this title!"
76561198033491052,Recommended,225080,8485556,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,spy,Unexpected adventure from Starbreeze and one of the best games I ever played in my life.10/10.
,Recommended,225080,10766434,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Lord Alfajor,"This game is something else. A true ""co-op single player"" as you never experienced before. Getting used to  control two characters at the same time can sounds hard at first, but that will last only 2 minutes, after that you will get involved by the amazing visuals and story of the game. Everything in this game is a labour of love, the details, the music, the graphics....All the puzzles and challenges are so well crafted that it won't take you long to solve them but at the same time they make you  feel greatly rewarded for finish them. The game lasts about 5-6 hours of gameplay but I can assure you that it will last in your mind for days, months and years. ""Brothers"" is one of those games that can't be totally described, the only way to understand it is by playing it.Get it on a sale. You won't regret it."
,Recommended,225080,11965361,"Posted: 3 September, 2014",all,Odc,A truly beautiful game in every way.
76561198011798763,Recommended,225080,11940395,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,FuLLMetaL JaC,"Brothers is a short masterpiece in so many ways. From the story,  to the mechanics of the gameplay, this adventure is definitely going into my top 10 of favorite games. The ending is far from what you'd expect and will stay with me for a long time. You would do yourself an injustice by not giving this game a chance! ....10/10"
76561198000818899,Recommended,225080,11910805,"Posted: 29 August, 2014",all,Magnus_DukeofHAM,"Excellent game, the feels are strong with this one."
,Recommended,225080,9513270,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,pfnorris,"This is a game where the story packs a real emotional punch right from the opening scene. Prepare to be invested in the fate of the characters to an extent that I wouldn't have thought possible. You will care about what happens to them.That there is a real sense of the individual personalities of the two main characters, and that the story is clealy and sensitively told is a real tribute to the developers given that this is all achieved without any real dialogue at all. The main characters use simple sounds and gestures to convey meaning and emotion.There are events and twists throughout that give a real depth to the storytelling. The control system is both simple and innovative.  The world that the characters inhabit is beautifully drawn,  and the atmosphere is completed by a fabulous score. And whilst the overall length is fairly short that is more than compensated for by the whole wonderful experience which leaves a lasting impression. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,225080,15676221,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,🐜 ∀ηт▹ϟт@¥▹ℑη,"Beautiful, thrilling, sad and puzzled tale of two sons. It's short, about 3-4 hours, so you might wanna get it on sale. But I think a lot of people here will agree that it's still worth the full price."
,Recommended,225080,30613724,Posted: 19 March,all,hkr,Short game with decent environmental puzzles and a good story.
,Recommended,225080,9247520,"Posted: 24 February, 2014",all,kindman,"quite easily one of the best games i ever played (and i played a lot of games so far). the rare combination of a deep and atmospheric world to dive into and unique, never-played-before gameplay mechanics are comparable to portal (2) quality wise, eventhough it has nothing to do with that sinister, sarcastic humour of the valve series. ""brothers"" is a downright honest and moving fairytale that reminds the (adult) audience of how wonderful simple yet heroic stories can still be, without the need of zynicism, sex or ultraviolence. but dont get me wrong here: its not a fluffy, happy world to stroll around in. its an emotional very challenging journey about fear and death and grieve and eventually trust and love and courage.it should be said however, that its a very short game. i took me less than 3 hours to finish. but instead of being sad or angry about it, i started wondering why i have to spent hours and hours of repetetive gameplay in other games without ever reaching an emotional experience that might be somehow comparable to the journey of the 2 sons. thats how good it is.i am looking forward to play this game again someday or even watch a friend play it and i think when you even read that, because you think this might be something for you, than you should definitely buy it."
,Recommended,225080,7846655,"Posted: 30 November, 2013",all,ReijMan,"One of the best gaming experiences I've had in the past years! This game plays like an adventure movie, and is lovely like your little brother."
,Recommended,225080,8747150,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Rex the Dumpling Egg,"Once you get your head and thumbs around the controls, it's an incredibly rewarding experience."
76561198035865707,Recommended,225080,8577858,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Picante Dante,"Brothers - A Tale of Two Sons is an amazing adventure about two brothers who embark on an epic journey save their father by procuring a vile of mystical healing water.  The game, played with an xbox 360 controller, has a unique control scheme where each brother is simultaneously controlled using the two thumb sticks.  While a full playthrough will only take you about 2 and a half hours it's well worth it."
,Recommended,225080,8546831,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Moosely,"What a stellar game.  It's shorter, about 3-4 hours, but it's quite a journey.  It's beautiful in its art direction and graphics, the story is surprisingly mature and emotional, and the platforming is innovative and fun.  A great little gem."
,Recommended,225080,8588322,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,mleako,"I gotta say that all those great reviews kinda ruined the game for me because my expectations where very high. If you want to play it purchase the game with ""I heard it's all right, i should give it a try"" attitude and you will not be disappointed.Now to the game itself. It's simply beautiful and touching. Graphics are minimalistic and simple but the designers managed to create astounding sceneries spiced with norse tales and mythology. The gameplay brings a new element where you control both brothers at the same time with different analog sticks on your gamepad (in my case on keyboard since I didn't manage to make my trust gamepad work in this game, not even with x360ce) and one interaction button for each character. Then you have to use both brothers to solve simple yet clever puzzles like climbing a rock tied to each other using swinging to reach otherwise unreachable areas. The game is not hard in any way but that is not what it is aiming for.The main aim is to deliver a touching story about two brothers who lost their mother and in fear of losing their father as well they set up on a dangerous journey to find a cure for their sick father. First it feels like a fairy tale when you meet a troll who lost his wife and is trying to help you but later on it turns into more like a horror atmosphere.To sum up this game is great yet I had slightly bigger expectations since everyone has been calling it the game of the year. The only negative I found is that the game is pretty short. It took me 3 and a half hours to complete and when it ended I was hoping for some more material which didn't come. Well but since I bought it on sale for 4,12 euros I don't give a damn. Buy it because this is a one of a kind game even though it could be longer and imo it has a lot of dormant potential."
,Recommended,225080,7682655,"Posted: 17 November, 2013",all,YardGnomeNinja,"If you have the smallest shred of a heart you will appreciate the beauty of this game. The art, sound and storytelling are astounding. The lack of voice-over, apart from the minimalist Germanic-gibberish, perfectly evokes the characters' personalities and feelings.Then you get to the gameplay. This is a game where simply watching gives you only 3/4 of the story. The controls, especially when using a 360 or PS3 (with motioninjoy) controller, provide a sense of closeness to the characters and at times give meaning to the situation.You control each brother independently with the analog sticks and interact with the world for each with the left and right triggers. Those are the controls. Contextually, each brother will react to the current situation and positioning (which is extremely forgiving).I finished the game in one sitting. It took me about two to two and a half hours. Do not let this deter you from this wonderful experience. I didn't spend as much time in the world my frist playthrough as I intend to the next.I simply cannot recommend this game enough. It is easily the most powerfully moving game I have ever played."
,Recommended,225080,8487414,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Sid,Beautiful game with beautiful story
,Recommended,225080,8500275,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,Eccid McHarambeFace,"This is one of the most fun adventure puzzle games I've played in a long time. The controls allow for more in-depth puzzles, and can sometimes make the charcters run in crazy cirles, if you lose track of them. The world this takes place in is beautiful, and there are plenty of opportunities to look around and take in what there is to see. The story is compelling, and makes you want to continue playing to finish the quest of the young brothers. Very much recommended."
76561198004155172,Recommended,225080,8583388,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Hillbilly,"THIS IS A GREAT GAME.  YOU NEED THIS GAME!The art is amazing, the story is engaging and the game play is entirely unique.  An instant favorit."
,Recommended,225080,8445934,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Gnomy Ninja,"Woah... Such a piece of art... The music, the graphics, the cutscenes, all together made a game that is like a movie to watch. Great Scenarios and animations... But on to the bad stuff, the controls and gameplay, if you're alone are such a pain. I got brain♥♥♥♥ed for 2/3 of the game, controlling both brothers with WASD + Spacebar and up/down/left/right + Left Ctrl. Sometimes i died in a ridiculous way and just alt + F4 the game. Maybe it's my mental problem, but i guess it's not the case. Anyway The pros are way ahead of the cons. Recommend it 8/10"
76561198080601504,Recommended,225080,8714868,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Mephisto,"This is truly a masterpiece. Altough it took me only 3 hours to finish the game, I felt like I was playing it for days... So brilliant, imaginative and immersive were the landscapes. The story is set into beautiful, fairytale-like viking world which has totally devoured me. Combine these with strong, emotional moments driving you to tears and you'll get one of the most exquisite and shiny jewels upon the field of gaming."
76561198040842630,Recommended,225080,8616208,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Vhashaar,"This game is a fable.It tells you a story, and it's a familiar one.  There's hardship in the home, and two young boys do what they feel they must.  They set off on a quest together, inseperable and interdependent.They journey through a world they find familiar - but as the player sees more of it, the world reveals its surreal and magical bits and pieces.  The journey shows glimpses of grand scope and mysticism, but don't forget: your two young heroes have a task, and they journey on to succeed.But... As soon as you think you have a handle on things, the game begins to test your resolve.  Mechanically, what you do isn't difficult: two analog sticks, two triggers and timing.  Emotionally? ... Well, if you feel any investement in the characters you encounter, the game might make you FEEL things.There is no intelligible speech in the game; the inhabitants of this world speak their language just fine, but the player has no idea what is being said.  Of course, the body language/mimeography reveals just enough for one's imagination to take off and run with all sorts of meanings.There is no comat in this game, but there is a measure of challenge.  It's a story that asks you to try in order to reveal more of itself.  The trial may be more one of morbid curiosity and courage.While playing it, I got strong memories of Neverending Story, that same feeling of discovery and adventure, as well as the realization that every fantastical element in this world is matter-of-fact to its inhabitants and serves as allegory to something more familiar, mundane.Over the course of 4 hours or so, I saw this story through to its conclusion, encountering a few of the side-stories within (optional activities and further glimpses into the world).  The levels are linear and well-paced, but this pace is slower; the game is meant to be savored rather than devoured.I love this story.  It is so very simple in its idea, so old in its roots; the pace is natural and doesn't offer (nor require) handholding.  Buttery smooth and saccharine-sour, this delicious morsel is worth sampling, then pausing to savor and reflect; then, should the mood strike again, perhaps coming back for a second helping.I love a good fable.  This is a good one. Come see for yourself."
,Recommended,225080,8524587,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,cauldie,Such a great game! would definiately recommend to anyone
,Recommended,225080,7964492,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Vormaen,"A stunning, deeply thought out story.  The gameplay is one of the most unique things I've seen since Flower or Journey.  It inspires emotional responses in almost ever moment of your travels, from joyous wonder to utter sadness.  Starbreeze has achieved a masterpiece."
,Recommended,225080,8719563,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,roguefrog,One of those super good games you want to play START TO FINISH like Portal.You control two brothers simultaneously with left and right analog sticks for movement and shoulder buttons for context sensitive actions respectively.  They are both sons of a sick father that's in need of some magical McGuffin to cure him of his ills.  And so The Adventure begins.
76561197967186814,Recommended,225080,8515948,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,orphe,"A real surprise. The controller setup was a refreshing challenge and everything in this game was logical, requiring a little brain power to progress - and rewarding you so. The story worked well too, with emotional engagement found throughout."
,Recommended,225080,8541312,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,TactiCat,This game has all the feels.
76561198017134543,Recommended,225080,8442240,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Renshaw,"A game that demonstrates the power of a great story, and its ability to make you care about the characters involved in it.  The interactivity makes you feel as though you are a part of the story, rather than just watching events play out.  A wonderful experience."
,Recommended,225080,8626901,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Taberman,"Intense, unique game.  If you are a fan of indie games at all this is a must play.  One of the best. 5/5"
,Recommended,225080,8556633,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Andrej,Aesthetic masterpice!
,Recommended,225080,10067589,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Panos Sigma,"I recommend it only if you'll find it cheaper on some special offer (f.e. under 10 euros for Europeans) because it's extremely short, around 3 hours long and it's more of an interactive story than game. Extremely charming and dark at the same time in both visuals and narrative. A very memorable story full of messages but with minimal game-play."
,Recommended,225080,8958463,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,joshsurgener,"Extremely beautiful game, but so very sad at the end. Great game!"
,Recommended,225080,8666902,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Avibhrama,"Borthers A Tale of Two Sons is providing us a unique gaming experience. It is adventure platforming game with coop gameplay that you control the big brother with your left analog (or WASD if you use keyboard) and right analog for the little brother (directional buttons in keyboard). You will control both of the character at the same time to cooperatively solve the puzzle throughout the gameYour father is dying sick, and your mother has died prior of the game. You, the two brothers, begin the quest to find the magical ancient tree that believed to have the cure of the disease. And the adventure begin. You will journey the beautiful world that's so believable. Every detail in this game is really well made, imaginative and even your adventure is short, you will still find something surprising in your journey. The story itself, it's simple, really simple that you won't struggle to understand what's going on. But not predictable and will arouse your emotion. Even they speak in ""not an actual language"" like how The Sims character speak and the animation is not like L.A. Noire that motion capture the expressios of the actors, you will still able to feel the emotion of the character, amazed by how the thing turned out. Playing this game is like you read very good pop up fairy tale books but with the story development that is not like usual fairy taleThe gameplay is simple, just movement, rotate the camera, and interact but can be quite entertaining. You need to do a combination of the older and little brother to solve the puzzle and do the platformer in this game. The elder brother is bigger and stronger, capable to handle heavier task like pick up a sheep or pull the heavy lever. And the little brother is smaller and lighter, so he can pass the fence or being boosted by his big brother to reach a high platform. Each character has it's role and the cooperative combination of them make an solid puzzle solving adventure. The puzzle itself is simple and relatively easy to solve but not boring, entertaining and unique in every encounter you will face. Don't expect to see a same puzzle in a different place in this game. Every stage has it's own unique puzzle and platformingBut this game has zero replayability, except you want to look achievements that you may overlooked in the previous playthrough. But despite of that, there are no reason to play it in the second time. And people who seek for challenge in their gaming experience will be dissapointed in this game. This game is very easy and not gave me a hard time at all. And off course the game is really short. Four hours to finish it including some exploring or interacting with some of the NPC'sMy score is 8 out of 10. The game is short, really short but so enjoyable. Fear not, with a cheap price tag this game is worth your money. If you like some simple and emotional story with unique and easy gameplay but can be very entertaining. This game is maybe for you. If you are someone who want a challenging puzzle platformer or someone who want more complicated story telling, I don't recommend you to play this game"
,Recommended,225080,8702588,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,Maxwell Daemon,"Never before now could I say that a game has touched me profoundly, though I do feel I have had the opertunity to play some excellent games. Brothers a Tale of two sons is an absolute treasure of a game, though not terribly difficult the game play elements them selves are fun (played with an xbox style controler) and differnt then your avarage game. I have to say that though there is no translation to the speach used in the game (for I do not think it an actuall laguage) it was so universal that it dose not take any leap of your imagination to understand what is being said. The story telling done made me feel for not only the main characters but created a depth in the side characters that you do not see in many games today. The art style was amazing and capitured my imagination immediatly and the work on the landscapes is breathtaking. It is true that I may be a sap for these kinds of sorrowful tales but reguardless I strongly recomend the perchase of this game for anyone who wishes to support the many artizans who made it and to pave way for more like it to come."
,Recommended,225080,10780092,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Bear,"The game takes you on a journey through a beautifully-crafted world with rich and wondrous landscapes and creatures. While the gameplay is linear and not particularly challenging or interesting, it's satisfying enough not to get in the way of the experience. It only takes a couple hours to complete, so it's definitely worth the time to see why people are making such a fuss (and rightly so)."
,Recommended,225080,11180729,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,DarkHoodness,"Breathtakingly beautiful with a touching storyline, you've gotta have a heart of stone if it doesn't make you choke up a little. However, bear in mind that you'll be playing it for its cinematics and visuals, not for its gameplay - it lasts about as long as a movie! But it's very much worth experiencing. :)Also, despite what the devs recommend, you don't need a controller. Playing it with the keyboard is a little awkward, but it's quite possible. I kept WASD and arrow keys for movement, but bound Big Brother's 'Use' function to ""L-Control"", and ""Numpad 0"" for Little Brother's 'Use'. Worked for me."
,Recommended,225080,9981687,"Posted: 30 April, 2014",all,*The End Justifies the Memes,E EEE Press RT to bury.
,Recommended,225080,14507049,"Posted: 16 February, 2015",all,Raknor,"A beautiful and brilliant game. Amazing environments, good music and the controls were perfect with a 360 pad. Definitely worth a play through!"
,Recommended,225080,8684909,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,thegoodguylives,This gorgeous game created a unique way of controlling two characters in a game - one per thumbstick. It's a delight to master and pays off in an emotional climax that I won't forget for a long time. One of my favorite games of the last few years.
,Recommended,225080,14377975,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,Sibarraz,"From a longtime, I had  heard good things about Brothers - A Tale of Two Sons.  The main selling point was the amazing story that the game had.Without seeing any trailers or screenshots, I bought the game, this was cool since I didn't know what kind of game was in front of me, so everything was new to me while playing the game.In a brief summary, Brothers is Adventure game where you had to guide 2 brothers in their quest to retrieve a medicine to heal their dying father. The first thing that I had to say is that this game could be a little frustrating at times, since you had to control the 2 brothers at the same time, for this reason a dual stick controller is required since you had to use them to move both brothers separetely, so you will need some good coordination at times. Also If you separate them too much, they will not move until they get closer, so this could be a drag.The main mechanic of this game is to solve puzzles and do some plataforming. This puzzles are SUPER easy to he point that it will be almost impossible for you to take more than 3 hours to beat the game on your first playtrough. The only challenge in this game could be the coordination required to solve some puzzles, but after a while that will not be a problem.With those 2 points in consideration, one could said that this game is average at best, so, why is so well regarded? Well, for everything else.The narrative in this game is very good, without shouting a tangible word in the whole game,  you could understand the whole point of the game through good animations and storytelling. The easy puzzles start to get a point since they help you to tell the story, and also to enjoy it without getting stressed. The atmosphere of the world and the music is also top notch, helping with the narrative in a way that isn't very common in this genre.And also, the most important thing in the game, the ending, which is so powerful that you could never forget it, and that once you can see it, you will  want to start the game again to analyze the whole game in retrospective, and start to appreciate way more the narrative of the game, even in some moments that could seem very trivial at the beginning of he game. The second playtrough is more relaxed since the game is shorter when you know what to doSo in resume, if you want a challenging game, Brothers isn't for you, if you want to play and interactive movie with great graphics and music, buy it."
,Recommended,225080,13438669,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Sereni-tea,"This is simply one of the most beautiful, charming and touching games I have ever played. The graphics and artwork is beautiful, the characters are beautiful, the soundtrack is beautiful and the story is beautiful. I know I just used the word 'beautriful' four times in the same sentence, but it really is the best word to describe this game.Though the game isn't very long or difficult, the gameplay is unique in that you control both brothers at the same time with the same controller (or keyboard, though I imagine that would be a tad more difficult) - one thumbstick for each. The puzzles themselves aren't terribly hard, but having to control both brothers (often doing two different things) adds a nice bit of spice.The story, well, I don't want to spoil anything, but basically two brothers must go on a journey to find a cure for their dying father, who I affectionately called Jorgen. It may sound simple, but it is really much deeper than that, and explores issues like coming of age, love, trust and death. It does so in a refined, elegant manner, avoiding stereotypes. Perhaps the only thing I could have wished forwas a happier ending, though I do understand and appreciate why it had to be the way it was. I really didn't want the Big Brother to die :(Also, if you are looking for an easy game to get 100% achievements in, this game is ideal. None of the achievements are hard, and are more like rewards for exploring everywhere and interacting with everything. You can get them all in one playthrough if you like, or if you miss any, you can just load up the individual chapters without having to replay the whole game.I highly recommend playing this game, even if you only play it once. It will touch your heart and you won't be able to forget it for a long time."
,Recommended,225080,15076616,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,Currently_Incognito,"Nobody prepared me for the emptiness I felt after finishing the game. I was told it would be a fun game to play with a good friend and I believed. Amazing game though.Liked:Story, graphics, controls, music, dialogue (even though I didn't understand a word they were saying)Disliked:Depression10/10 would do over."
76561198009663552,Recommended,225080,2588868,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,QU1N7,"Step 1:  Ignore everything anyone (including me) has ever told you, regarding recommendations on video games.Ok Clean Slate?Step 2:  Play this game.  I don't care what your doing.  Nothing else is more important presently.This is, now, and perhaps forever, my argument as video games, and interactive media as an art form.Brothers: A Tale of Two Sons.   A+"
,Recommended,225080,11716600,"Posted: 15 August, 2014",all,max,"Brothers - A Tale of Two Sons is a quite unique gaming experience. It has some very emotional moments and I did like how the story was told. It is like an adult fairytale and it actually has some very heavy moments. and it does focus more on the storytelling than on the actual gameplay. So, it's actually quite easy to play and it doesn't really have difficult moments to master. While this can be seen as a contra for the game, I guess it's up to oneself to judge. Personally I was a little bit bothered that the characters didn't speak an acutal language, I guess this was a choice by the developers to stress the pictorial metaphors used in the game. Also it is quite a short, I played through it in around 3 hours.Although it isn't a perfect game, due to some minor flaws, I do recommend this game to everyone, because it's one of those rare and unique games you just don't see very often.Rating:82/100"
,Recommended,225080,10147522,"Posted: 17 May, 2014",all,AgentWD40,OH my god the feels.
,Recommended,225080,8387628,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Chimalli,"Great game, its really short so take your time and explore. The control scheme is a little weird but, I enjoyed the game. It's more of a story based game then anything else. The best way to describe it is ""A co-op game for 1 person""."
76561197986416959,Recommended,225080,24547036,"Posted: 26 July, 2016",all,MrH,"Price paid: £1.09Time to finish: 3 hours 18 minutesScore: 7/10Recommended?: Yes, when on saleI have been playing shooter after shooter lately so I thought I'd play something completely different, this isn't a genre I've ever really played before but I have to say I enjoyed it a lot.Overall it has to be one of the most beautiful games I've played, the design is spot on in so many different ways but especially the landscapes which are gorgeous and varied throughout. The puzzles are fun but not too challenging, the little mechanics that are added as the game goes on keep it fresh and the pacing feels just right, the game doesn't overstay its welcome like most games tend to do these days. I would highly recommend you play this in one sitting like I did, it's really best experienced like that. Next time it's on sale I'd highly recommend grabbing it, it's well worth and if you go into it blind to the story you'll enjoy it so much more (which is why I've avoided talking about it at all)."
,Recommended,225080,8532383,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,DamyanZ,Surprisingly very good game. Players will interact with two brothers simultaneously while solving different puzzels and requires gamepad (one analog stick for one brother). It's short but immensely satisfying. I recommend this game for people who enjoyed with titles such as Ico or Journey.
76561198033316736,Recommended,225080,13976521,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Silver Samurai,"Sumptuous visuals, electifying soundtrack, and a control system that opened another part of my brain!  Despite a couple of notorious show-stopping bugs which meant any progression was checked for a few days, I wholeheartedly recommend this masterpiece!!"
,Recommended,225080,8434783,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Lilartist,"I highly recommend this game. It has brilliant and simple game mechanics, amazing graphics, and the most charming characters and environment. If you want to feel the feels, this is the game for you. It takes about 3-4 hrs to complete. Also, getting the achievements adds to the experience, so don't let those pass you by. NOTE: Contrary to what the warning says, you do not need a controller to play! I used my keyboard the whole time."
,Recommended,225080,9510015,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,RoundingError,"This was a really good game, a contoller is required to play it, but if you have access to one definitely play this game. I wouldhighlyrecommend this game to anyone who enjoys casual puzzle games."
,Recommended,225080,8497912,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,ｇｈｏｓｔ,AMAZING game! All i can say. I played this with my best friend and we enjoyed it so much! I whish it would be longer though! :D
,Recommended,225080,13972030,"Posted: 13 January, 2015",all,Wigwig,You can punch a man tending to his roses in the perineum (don't Google that).10/10
,Recommended,225080,19076232,"Posted: 14 November, 2015",all,Dieann63,"This Game is amazing!   You can use your keyboard, but its challenging. Using the controller makes the game more enjoyable.The teamwork needed is so much fun!I enjoy the art of this game, and the unique Parkour moves of this game.So worth it!"
,Recommended,225080,2581664,"Posted: 25 September, 2013",all,wahtzy,"I better start off with this: I was recommended to play this by TotalBiscuit, as I had seen his 'WTF is' before I played the game. He said that this game might be the best game ever made in his opinion, and I started the game with that in mind.Now, as to whether or not this is the best game ever made, I will let that be up to you, but I can say that I don't think it's the best game ever made.It was a really nice movie.Yea thats pretty much my opinion  There isn't a whole lot of actual gameplay in the game, it is mostly running from point A to B, get up this cliff, get over this bridge. And the gameplay that was there, could be a bit confusing, because you had to control two characters at once. It was pretty easy to get past, and the times I got confused wasn't really enough to pull me out off the game.I think this game could be defined as a story driven puzzle game, although the puzzles wasn't all that hard, and more often than not, they were very simple. I didn't really encounter a puzzle that really had me think, and all of them was pretty much obvious. The gameplay of this title is in my opinion the weakest part of this game, and it is pretty weak. If the story and world hadn't been there I would say it was a pretty bad game.Speaking of the world. I got sort of a Zeno Clash vibe from the world, because it had the same way of having wierd animals, trolls, and oversized buildings lying around. It had sort of the same psychedelic dream setting, although not anyway near as weird as Zeno Clash. I really liked the setting, and the game uses a system with some benches that function as vistas as you sit on them, to show off the world.The world definitely had a lot of wackiness to it, and the chapters where sort of themed, as you pass through the different areas.The graphics wasn't anything good, and it was obvious to see that the game is optimised for xbox (although I have heard it shouldn't run all that well on xbox). Textures weren't all that high quality, but that didn't really matter as the art style is a cartoonish style. Although it came for xbox first, the pc port, if it even is a port, is pretty good. I had a steady 60 fps all the way through, and not a single lag spike.As for the controls I personally played with a controller, which seems to work the best as well  but I tried the keyboard controls and they seem to play just fine, so really don't HAVE to play with an xbox controller but it is recommended.I saved the best for last: the story.The story is definitely the strongest part of the game. The story is really good, and Starbreeze somehow managed to convey the whole thing without a single real word. All spoken language in the game is pretty much gibberish (it might be a real language, but you aren't expected to understand anything from it). Even though everything said is gibberish, it is really easy to understand the messages conveyed between the characters of the game. And there is absolutely no problems in understanding the story.The story is very emotional, but it didn't make me cry, as it did TB (guess people really are different after all ;)). Although single manly tear at the ending.So is this worth buying. In a way, you can think of as this: it is pretty much the price you would pay to go see a new movie in the theaters  so if you are looking for a great story, in a game Wahtzy could beat in 2 hours 33 minutes, this would be worth it. If you are looking for an actual game, I would say this isn't worth the full price, and if you aren't interested in story at all I would say you should pretty much just avoid it. As for replayability, I only managed to get a single achievement, so I guess there is a reason to play through it a second time.TL;DR:If you are looking for a movie length game with a great story then BUY IT.If you are looking for a game to play, secondarily with a good story, then: Buy it when its on sale.If you are looking a game, but aren't interested in story at all: AVOID.Edit: I corrected a lot of spelling errors. Turns out I can't spell opinion."
,Recommended,225080,8045318,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,crystallubinsky,"Absolutely beautiful and intriguing - I could not put the controller down! However, a little simple, could be more challenging (I mean even though each character must be controlled at the same time with opposite halves of the controller - which is an intriguing way to play - I felt like it exercised both halves of my brain at once) and I was *having a lot of problems with saving the game until I went and manually added a folder to My Documents with the game's name (then it started saving check points automatically).I love the ending - I won't give it away but it is so depressing and amazing that they make you do that - serioiusly saidstic in a way but I am in love with it - couldn't have been a better ending!Thank you - make more games!"
,Recommended,225080,12102819,"Posted: 14 September, 2014",all,Tardasaurus Rex,"This is a nice game for a rainy day or if you need a change of pace from other games. Brothers - A Tale of Two Sons doesn't feature intense action, and is generally pretty relaxing to play. The linear gameplay and unique controls (you control both brothers at once) are designed simply to deliver a great story.The only downside is the length of the game - it's pretty short. I got a solid 3 hours out of the game and completed it with all achievements. I would have enjoyed an extended story with more unique interaction and growth between the two siblings.Despite the short length this is a solid game to pick up during any sale!"
,Recommended,225080,11102358,"Posted: 6 July, 2014",all,Neralo,"Ok, lets do this.Pros.1. Gorgeous art style and graphic design2. Interesting and unique control scheme, well implemented3. Great soundtrack4.The Story.Cons.1. Puzzles are not challenging2. Game is rather short (only about 2-3 hours, 4 hours for all achievements)3.The Story.10/10 would play/cry again. Never before has a game made me feel this way. Before this, I didn't even think it was possible."
,Recommended,225080,11694749,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,I Got a Rock,"WARNING: SPOILERS WILL BE COVERED BY BLACK BOXES LIKETHIS. IF YOU DO NOT WISH TO SEE THEM, DO NOT MOUSE OVER THEM.After replaying through this game again a few nights ago, I realize that I still haven't written a review for it. Well, better late than never (holy crap, it's already been almost a year?!).If I were to run into you on the street, and (for God only knows what reason) you wanted my overall thoughts on the game in a single sentence, I'd tell you, ""I don't know why you're talking to me and not playing this game.""I'm not exaggerating when I say thatBrothers: A Tale of Two Sonsis the best indie game and possibly the greatest game I have ever played.Honestly, if you're just reading this to see if the game's worth $15, take my word for it.I would refuse to pay a cent less for such a fantastic game.For those who don't know,Brothers: A Tale of Two Sonsis a short adventure puzzle platformer in which each half of your controller (or keyboard, as I hear does work, but I'd imagine it's a bit wonky) controls a separate character - brothers Naia (older - left half) and Naiee (younger - right half). As far as I'm aware, the game is virtually glitchless, although I did have an instance where Naiee fell through the floor and died while picking up a turtle for a sidequest. Speaking of the quest, it's actually incredibly linear, but not in a bad way. The game's layout could not be better suited for the story. Not EVERY game has to be ""like Skyrim with guns"" as the saying goes. The gameplay is innovative and even plays a crucial role in the story. SPOILER TAG:""A friend is one soul in two bodies."" -AristotleWhen the creator tried getting companies to publish the game, he said it's a singleplayer experience in the guise of a co-op game. Thank God Starbreeze came along and took interest in the game, else we wouldn't have this masterpiece to talk about. However, personally I played this with a friend sharing a controller the first time through, and I would have to disagree. It's equally as great either way. With a friend, it's easier to manage, having to only focus on one character, and the storyline immerses you into creating almost brotherly bonds. However, it's just as good to play alone, because you can experience the story the way it was intended - by not fearing to shed your manly tears in front of your comrades.Speaking of which, the story is written by Josef Fares, a Swedish film writer who had a really rough childhood. SPOILER TAG:Remember the ending burial scene? Of course you do. How the hell could you forget something as touching as that? It turns out that was a childhood memory of Fares'. He always wanted a little brother, so when his mother went into labor, he was so excited. In the end, the baby died, so Fares had to bury it himself. Try thinking aboutthatnext time you play that part and try not to cry.For those who haven't played the game and are avoiding the spoiler tag, I apologize for tempting you with the enormous spoiler box. Needless to say, Fares' past experiences had a huge impact on his works, so despite what you may think, it may look cute, but there is a monster hidden within. With several instances of morbid scenes and scenery hardly scattered throughout, this game rightfully deserves its rating of T for Teen.The graphics are some of the best I have ever seen in any game ever. Screw Battlefield 4, Skyrim, or any other stereotypical games with ""realistic"" graphics. Despite having a cartoonish feel to it,Brothers: A Tale of Two Sonshas the most atmospheric landscape of any game I have ever played. Water, foliage, shadows and sunlight, everything looks absolutely incredible. But every aspect of this game has something morbid or sad, and the graphics are no exception. Have you ever played an FPS and thought about how unrealistic blood looks? In this game, blood looks disgustingly realistic. I gagged a little bit in the land of the giants. At one point, you have to push a corpse holding an axe to chop an arm off that is blocking your path. It's incredibly morbid, and you should expect nothing less from this game.And finally the soundtrack. Whether the mood of a scene is sad, happy, epic, or scary, the music is always there to accompany it in perfect harmony (see what I did there?). With its orchestral, cinema quality soundtrack,Brothers: A Tale of Two Sonsuses music to make you feel the emotions that characters would feel as if these scenes had happened to you. In a story driven game like this, a fitting soundtrack isessential, because unless you are like Fares, you can't relate to all these dark and depressing events, and an emotional soundtrack can give you a push. Obviously, this feeling is nothing close to how it would be if these thingsactuallyhappened to you, but it's probably as close as we would ever want to be.TL;DR: The game's graphics, soundtrack, gameplay, and most of all storyline are all phenomenal. Don't be fooled, this game is dark. It's a bit short at around 3 hours, but it's fun to replay and reexperience the overwhelming emotions it will give you.Overall rating: 10/10"
,Recommended,225080,11008782,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,Ʌ𝘚𝘊𝘕𝘋𝘙.,Well worth your time. A 3 hour puzzle game with an interesting story and playstyle. The ending is inspiring. BUY IT
,Recommended,225080,8718076,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Jonahsniper,"No doubt this is my Best Game of the Year 2013.Don't be fooled by its anime style art, this is a sad story about death, spirit, move on and growe up.Have some hilarious and excitement moment, also have touching scences that move you, especially when you have to ""interactive"" with.No doubt it's graphic and music are on the top list compare with other games this year. Too many stunning views make you forget this game made by a normal engine.Did I mention gameplay yet? The control needs a little time to used to, even in the middle of the game, I still have some clumsy time moments. But this game allows you make mistakes and try again without penalty. Some puzzles are challenging but full of hint, the developer didn't intend to make you smash the controller for stuck in a tough puzzle with days. Thay want you to enjoy and interact with the story, with amazing visual and beautiful score come great atmosphere. How could you not love this game?"
,Recommended,225080,18440920,"Posted: 12 October, 2015",all,Raziel,Amazing 3d  platforming aduventure puzzler game that requires you to controll not one but two brothers as they journey on a quest. The only thing going against is that a joypad is pretty much a must for this game. It can be done by keyboard as well but ofc its even harder. Anyways the game is one of the most enthralling game I have ever played
,Recommended,225080,8747119,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,The Tykero,This game made me cry.Update: Still crying.
76561198060420203,Recommended,225080,10412108,"Posted: 9 June, 2014",all,Lifespiker,"One analog stick controls big brother, the other control little brother.  What ensues is a sometimes mind-bending adventure that takes coordination to complete.  The story is nice and heavy and the gameplay and graphics are very, very pretty.  For a quick little romp I highly recommend this thing.  (As long as you have a dual-analog controller that is)"
,Recommended,225080,15357650,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,PsychicParrot,It's beautiful. It looks amazing and it's really immersive - this is a great game.
,Recommended,225080,8747519,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,bladengar,"This game man, this game.Due to the effectiveness of the controls and their involvement with the story and the player, this is a game that MUST be played, not watched. It uses deceptively simple platforming and mechanics to involve you in a world that, as little as you see, still feels alive.Definitely give this game a try if you are interested in puzzle platforming and love a good story. Be prepared to fall in love with it by the end."
,Recommended,225080,11397773,"Posted: 24 July, 2014",all,Heneha,"I just finished Brothers. It is....it's........excuse me, I need a moment."
,Recommended,225080,10808352,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Utipla,My index fingers are now hurting from holding down LT and RT so much10/10 worth it
76561198025629203,Recommended,225080,3652372,"Posted: 28 September, 2013",all,MrFine,"This game is a very powerful experience, and is utterly unique in it's control scheme. You play as 2 brothers at the same time and control them individually with each side of your controller. It CAN be played without a controller, but it is very awkward to do so."
76561198027845854,Recommended,225080,8497091,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,silent6999,Simple but a lot of fun.
,Recommended,225080,13713113,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,HuKe,very good game! but too short gameplay :\
,Recommended,225080,9105820,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Sleberto,"Just finished the game, it was amazing!Not a single word of a real language spoken throughout the whole game. Simply amazing story telling!"
,Recommended,225080,24749511,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Moist Potato,"Beatifull game, both in its art style and in story! About 4 hours long, try and play through it in one go.I would highly recommend this game.(Has to be played with a controller)"
,Recommended,225080,12306699,"Posted: 30 September, 2014",all,theVoid,"A meloncholic masterpiece, this game is powerfully heart-wrenching. My emotions took a big hit, but it was worth every second."
76561198035051624,Recommended,225080,13747533,"Posted: 31 December, 2014",all,Nero,"This game is absolutely fantastic. I bought a controller just to play this game, and it was totally worth it. The story is quite good, but I think one of my favorite parts of the game was how the brothers interacted and their teamwork through the game. It was a little awkward trying to control two people at once; however, it is realtively easy to get used to. The creators pulled it off spectacularly with simple controls."
76561198036446793,Recommended,225080,13763009,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,UNICORN PRINCESS 4EVA,"This game was amazing! Seriously 100/10. I have never written a review before, even for games I really liked but dudddeee....This game is seriously gorgeous. The environment is so cute and pretty and the gameplay is really fun! You basically NEED a controller though. It's really short but the storyline is so good that you don't feel like you're missing out. Everyone needs to try this game. I will say have tissues ready for the end because IT WILL MAKE YOU CRY. Got-dayumn this game was good."
,Recommended,225080,8626748,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,CaptNero,"In spite of being short in duration, Brothers delivers more emotion and epic gameplay experience than many AAA games out there.  I found myself taking screenshot after screenshot as I wanted to chronicle this journey.  I fully recommend this game and hope that Starbreeze continues to make such beautiful experiences."
,Recommended,225080,13769381,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,<CH> M λ S S I V,"This game is a masterpiece. It is truly unique. I loved the graphics, the backgrounds, the story, the way the story is told, the characters... Everything! This game will amaze you - multiple times - I'm sure of it!"
,Recommended,225080,13336005,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Radioactive Banana,Indie at it's best!
76561198015780708,Recommended,225080,13683090,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,4spooky20me,"The closest game I've found to the PS3 exclusive Journey, which is one of my favorite games of all time. Brothers - A Tale of Two Sons has fun puzzle gameplay coupled with beautiful art, a powerful soundtrack, and an engrossing story. The game evokes emotions on a scale I've rarely discovered in a video game. I highly recommend this game."
,Recommended,225080,13662127,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Mika,"This is a beautiful game, I am glad I played it. I would definitely recommend others play it."
,Recommended,225080,13678977,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Fletchmustdie,"There is very few words I could use to describe the game.  It is excellent story telling and a perfect example of what video games can do.  I was effected on an emotional level by the game and I suggest that if you get a chance you should play.  I couple of words to the wise for would be purchasers and players.  First, play with a controller.  It was meant to be played with two analog sticks and I can't see it being played any other way.  Second, if you can, you should play all the way through in one sitting.  It is only 3 hours long, and the emotional part of the story will have a greater effect it you play it once to completion.  There are only two negative I can think of for the game.  The contrrols do take some getting used to, and as far as replay, I don't see more than one being needed unless you missed some achievements (I missed a few,  but it is possible to get all of them in one playthrough.  Other than that, enjoy it.  Its a beautiful game, and should be experienced by anyone who enjoys an excellent story."
76561198029346804,Recommended,225080,13669350,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Moziki,"Truely a testament to a games ability to tell a masterful story in a way only a game could do. Absolutely beatiful. (definetly play with a controller though, the gameplay is rough without one)"
76561198074050395,Recommended,225080,13581765,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Azure Toroto,"This game has an inspiring and yet emotional story, I may not understand their language, but I can tell by what they mean by emotion. It's so beautiful... yet sad in someway undescribable. I would recommend this game no matter what price it falls under. The story made me... want to cry, even if I rarely do so as a guy. This is... definitely an 10/10 game, I did had doubt about it, but I was proven wrong in so many ways. I wish to... [Sobs] go through it again."
,Recommended,225080,13652706,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Bijaz,"Very short Movie length game with a fully fleshed out world, great gameplay mechanics, and an emotional story."
76561198056406026,Recommended,225080,13681368,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,The Royal Regiment of Stink,"I Bought. I Played. I Cried.10/10.One of the most immersive games I have ever played. If you can do it in one sitting do it. I bought it for 1.50, and it was worth 10 times that."
,Recommended,225080,13636829,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,reach3r,"A very touching story with a nice and unusual implementation of control mechanics and a beautiful scenery to play through.It does contain puzzles, but only few are difficult.Playtime is not too long (around 3 hours, depending on your pace) so for people who are short on money: better get while discounted.At the current winter sale price of 1,49 however this is a must buy! For up to 10 bucks I would very much recommend buying this game.Controller is a must have, but you would not want to play the game with mouse+keyboard anyway."
,Recommended,225080,13680600,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Hammock,Great game.... Play with a controller.. and set aside about 3 hours to do it all in one play through...
76561198039944092,Recommended,225080,10783636,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,TheOrangeSquid,Beautiful story and characters. Highly recommend.
76561198014855859,Recommended,225080,13679319,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,lukenorton45,"This is the most touching, beautiful and heartbreaking game I've ever played.  Unique and amazing, worth every penny!"
,Recommended,225080,13723443,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,joshuashua,"Unbelievable.  Stunning fairytale world. Plays like a beautiful animated movie. Incredibly innovative use of the controller. I don't think I've ever played a game more emotionally moving.  It's short, but oh so sweet."
76561198024390568,Recommended,225080,13673307,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Aliner,"For such a short game, with dialogue you can't even understand I spent quite some time questioning what was so great about this game while trying to get a feel for the controls (keyboard yo). It was actually quite funny to watch how my brain could not comprehend the controls if the character controlled by the set of movement keys located on the right side of the keyboard was walking on the left and vice versa. Total mind♥♥♥♥ right there and it never went away completely to be honest.However, I got better with the controls and the puzzles became a piece of cake, fun even. As the game progressed I started to understand this funny, little language they spoke quite well and through the characters and the environment; began to perceive the world they lived in through their eyes. Pretty things became beautiful, jokes became heartfelt and emotional moments became ♥♥♥♥ing heartbreaking.For such a small game that's a lot to achieve and thus deserves another + from me."
,Recommended,225080,13712837,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Reina,"I used a Logitech F310 for this game. I also have bad joints, so holding down the trigger buttons (and there were lots of those!) was uncomfortable. Brothers - A Tale of Two Sons is a beautiful game, nonetheless. Even though I have completed the game, I still confused the controls for each brother toward the end. It tells a good story, and it was darker than I thought it would be. I thoroughly enjoyed the unexpected more sinister parts of the game. I bought it on sale, but it's definitely worth the full price, even with only about 4 and a half hours of gameplay. Achievements were easy to obtain because I could go back and revisit each chapter."
76561198045107004,Recommended,225080,13696318,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,The Chairman,Brilliant.
76561197975857469,Recommended,225080,8764050,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Tidus755,This game hits you right in the feels. Lasts about 3 hours. Recommended!
,Recommended,225080,7727900,"Posted: 23 November, 2013",all,Phlail,This game uses no words and there are no words to describe this game. A truly emotional journey.
76561198035015340,Recommended,225080,7543464,"Posted: 1 November, 2013",all,SteilGar,"Beautiful game definitely worth playing. A great journey of emotions, scenery, music and puzzles. Short but very enjoyable."
,Recommended,225080,9035288,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Butt Doctor,A co-op game for the desperately lonely.
,Recommended,225080,11114555,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,ilio,"This is a wonderful, atmospheric game that plays on every emotion. A bit too short for the price, but having picked it up in the sale I feel it was worth every penny."
76561198079618312,Recommended,225080,10772820,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,OneSaltyPotato,"If you want to go from happy to extremely depressed in less than 3 hours, I strongly recommend this game. Beautiful soundtrack and graphics blended with comedy-related interactions with fairytale creatures almost completely distracts you from the ultra-grim interaction with other fairytale creatures. Great game, but it really shot me in the heart a fair amount of times. Not recommended for those with delicate feels."
,Recommended,225080,16151106,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,4KINGS - Mance,"Simply put, this game is a masterpiece. Breathtaking environments, gorgeous soundtrack and amazing storytelling left me speechless. Its beautiful the different ways in which the two brothers interact with thier world.+ The most beautiful environments I have ever seen in a game (or in real life)+ A hauntingly beautiful  soundtrack+ A story and characters more compelling than most movies I have seen+ Creative implementations of a really original playstyle.- A lot of climbing areas (this is the only negative, and its a small one)PS: You dont need a controller to play, but its 100x easier with one."
,Recommended,225080,8397938,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,[USSR] PiRaTeBaTs™,"awesome gameplay , epic graphicsa must buy game"
76561198107948069,Recommended,225080,12015633,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Potato_Kingdom,A short game but one that's worth every penny spent.This is one game you really have to take the reins to play and see for yourself and be immersed into the story and world. A strong impactful story that's beautifully crafted and even taking into account how the gameplay mechanic can play a part in being an impact in the emotions of the story. Truly a one of a kind gameplay.Take your time slowly to explore the environment rather than just breezing through and ignoring all the little things around. They have quite a number of hidden wonders about~The art and music just melt and soothe my soul. Every second is beautiful.
,Recommended,225080,13619803,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Melchior,Mustbuy. 10/10
,Recommended,225080,8607011,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,robleach,This isn't a game. It's a very touching story that everyone should have experienced.I've played this game wih a keyboard and that has not been any obstruction to me. You get used to it pretty fast.
76561197993554298,Recommended,225080,10854746,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,piratebobdamnit,"Btw, I've heard this is a pretty cool game if anyone is interested.  I haven't completed it yet, but I figured I'd post something before the summer sale is over :)  In short, it's a low key puzzel platformer where you control two characters simultaneously via analog sticks or two parts of the keyboard."
,Recommended,225080,12176535,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Dreadlock Unicorn,Instant Classic. The ending grabbed me so hard in the feels. Started to get choked up and I don't remember the last time a game ensued emotion like that.
76561198036145593,Recommended,225080,8513659,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Rider of Retarded Lion Prince,"This game is amazing!Very beautiful environment, full of emotion and things to discover.At first I felt that I bothered me that they did not speak a real language, but after a while into the game so it was not so important anymore. It could have been better with real dialogues, but it could also have been worse as it is often difficult to obtain real emotions in games.Quite simple puzzles, but totally worth buying anyway, then the environment and the story is simply incredible. The music makes everything feel more alive, and I absolutely love the Nordic environment and the feeling one gets from the world of the game.10/10 without to consider it."
76561198060438087,Recommended,225080,10475915,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Celenar,Just play the bloody thing. It is absolutely gorgeous and the story is so well done. I honestly couldn't recommend it enough.
,Recommended,225080,8722556,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,SpaceHarrier,"""Brothers"" is the kind of game you can sit down and play through in a few short hours - but it's a complete package with an interestingly fresh control scheme, a moving soundtrack, and a story that was surprisingly moving - especially for a game with no actual dialogue. A gamepad controller is needed to play, and each of the two playable brothers are assigned to one of the gamepad's control sticks, with the trigger on either side assigned to that brother as a general ""interact"" button. Though it may take a bit of getting used to, the controls end up tying into the story by the end in a way that really took me by surprise. If you've got a free afternoon and are a fan of adventure and story, this game is definitely worth a play."
76561198018443943,Recommended,225080,16079891,"Posted: 30 May, 2015",all,Cadis Etrama Di Raziel,"Once upon a time, in a far far land, two brothers went on a journey to find a miracle potion that could save their sick father.  Our two heroes were not only linked by blood but their destiny was one.  It is through the game controller that you will lead their story.  This beautiful tale offers you a clever/original take on playing video games which perfectly serves the story line.  This game will transport you to a fabulous universe with fun and serious themes that will resonate with any human being.  I loved it so much that I really wish it was a little longer...  But part of me also thinks that the 3~4 hours story line was perfectly executed, and I would rather have that than a 40+ hours game of chores.Verdict: A"
,Recommended,225080,11026308,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,DaniDis,"Gameplay: 9/10History: 10/10Graphics: 10/10Animations: 10/10Music: 10/10Emotive: 10/10Duration: 7/10Dificulty: 6/10You should play this game? Absolutly yes!, This game is an experience, a lot of emotions. The gameplay is different from another games, hard in the start but intuitive and funny. You will play as two brother in a long journey across a fantasy world and you discover some optional challenges in the travel and you will feel like if you where the two brothers every time because the history, atmosphere and music are brilliant.The best: The story and the feelings.The worst: The duration (4-5 hours without all challenges) and I find 2 bugs when i need to restart the game but can handdle it.Final rate: 9.5/10"
76561198007341245,Recommended,225080,10175583,"Posted: 19 May, 2014",all,rabbit tree,"A beautiful and poignant game, that doesn't take too long to beat, but leaves an impression that will last for years to come."
,Recommended,225080,13835981,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,TheSharkzz,"FREEZE! BUY THIS!You've seen this review? STOP! STOP HERE! Stop 'fore someone spoils this masterpiece. I can't help reviewing it, but only tell you BUY it!PS: DON'T WATCH GAMESTOP REVIEW OF THIS, THE ♥♥♥♥ING SPOIL IT!Controller is a mustIs it playable without one? Yes.Is it less enjoyable? Yes."
,Recommended,225080,10814951,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,The Brentmeister General,"Really good adventure game with some amazing scenery and set pieces. It might be short, linear and not very challenging (the game is very easy) however it is definatly worth playingthrough. One of the things I liked about the game was that the story is told through the gameplay rather than traditionally with dialog, makes it pretty unique and something that needs to be played than watched. Music is fantastic as well and visually nice. No real performace issues either, although for some reason even with V-Sync enabled which it defaults too, there was screen tearing. However I found if you play it in windowed mode there is no visible screen tearing, only issue I came across. There are simple puzzles in the game but enjoyable no less.I'd say consider it when its on sale if the shortness or lack of challenge is an issue, but besides that I can highly recommend this as the adventure while short is a fun and interesting one. Last thing I want to mention is this really should be played with a controller for the full experience, keyboard controls work fine, but you will miss out on the full effect of it."
,Recommended,225080,12142401,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Cow,"This is a game that everybody should play, it's very relaxing and has a good story.The only bad side is that it's very short, I finished in 2 hours, I didn't even rush it.But anyway, it's an awesome experience. 9/10.And make sure to use a controller if you have one."
76561198048845287,Recommended,225080,8616297,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Tolty_Harry,"Very, very nice Game!Specially & beautiful - like a piece of Heaven!This Game was created with a Heart full of Love!Absolutely a must have!"
,Recommended,225080,13491601,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Calvin,"Exceptionally good game!A bit short, but the story, creative controlling and beautiful artwork was well worth it.--! Needs controller !--"
,Recommended,225080,10335006,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Ayden,"Brothers is one of the best video games of our time, and you owe it to yourself to play it. Be warned though, the game is unplayable without a controller."
,Recommended,225080,14236515,"Posted: 29 January, 2015",all,Aerodash,"This is one of those games that I'll never forget. In hindsight, the plot is not unique in any way. But the world and its characters are so well realized that it cuts deeper than anything I have ever played. There is no replay value here, but I'm sure that in a few years I'll return and complete it once more.Additionally, the soundtrack is fantastic."
,Recommended,225080,13877223,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,Zraicosaur,If you have a few hours to kill and want to test your dexterity and emotions you should definitely give this a go. For extra challenge I would suggest playing intoxicated. Didn't expect much when I started then couldn't put it down.
,Recommended,225080,13669681,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Emethium,"It's amazing what those guys could make without a single line of text between characters. This is an amazingly beautiful game, very intuitive and simple at heart.The puzzles aren't that difficult to solve and the paths to take are less of obvious, but the overall experience is excellent. The story is somewhat simple, but it really bites you in the way to the end. If you enjoy an action/puzzle game, great music and art you definitely should give this a shot."
,Recommended,225080,9612681,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,Colonel Sanders,"This game was fantastic.  Great story, lots of feels, and the gameplay just felt right for this type of story telling game."
,Recommended,225080,11593853,"Posted: 7 August, 2014",all,[TBR] OranjeHazelnoot [GER],"You have to control both brothers at the same time. During the whole game the game mechanics don't repeat which keeps it interesting. Around each corner awaits you a new challenge. Although its faily easy. Very nice game with funny and sad moments. 2-3h playtime depending if you rush or ""play"" with the world."
,Recommended,225080,11541336,"Posted: 3 August, 2014",all,BalloweTheBear,In two hours with no dialoge this game told a better story than twilight did in five three hour movies and four 700 page books.10/10
,Recommended,225080,8390678,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Rumblemuffin,"I had picked up this game mainly because I kept hearing it brought up constantly during the Giant Bomb GOTY deliberation podcasts. It was something that was completely off my radar.I cannot describe how spectacular this game looks. Each ""Level"" had its own atmosphere and the transitions between areas does not feel forced. It provides for a fluid flow through the game. It is something that will need to be experienced firsthand in order to appreciate it. Even the game realizes this by providing small moments where you can just take in the scope and detail of the scenery. All of this is exemplified by a truly outstanding score to go along with this game, I had played through with a decent set of headphones and throughout the entire game the music just added into the experience in a very impactful way.Game play is a little odd to get used to. A controller is a must, while there were keyboard mappings in the options you control each brother with the separate analog sticks. It takes some getting used to, and even towards the end I was still confusing the two onscreen on screen with the controls getting their positions reversed. But it ultimately gets the job done, I had never found myself blaming the controls.This was something I finished in a single sitting. I think that is the best way to experience this due to the nature of the gameplay. The motivations for the character seem a little weak, where you are attempting to cure your sick father (Which you get very little screen time with at the start of the game) and you set off on an adventure. The charm of the environment and the pacing through the game bring everything together even with the loose story creating an ultimately enjoyable runthrough.Put on some headphones, grab a controller and set aside a few hours and just enjoy the experience."
,Recommended,225080,14037973,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,gaspump,Why can't I hold all these feels?
76561197970549991,Recommended,225080,11284602,"Posted: 17 July, 2014",all,RedFox,"Nice change of pace. Puzzles aren't really hard to figure out but the control scheme was unique and made me think about the gameplay a bit differently. The music is fantastic, the art vibrant, and the story subtle but quality."
,Recommended,225080,13722863,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Brutwarst,This game is good
76561198047585088,Recommended,225080,13696284,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,I'm f'd up and that's ok,"This game is so good that as soon as I had finished it, I had to write a review.BTW any possible tears you see in my eyes are fake, just ignore them for a bit. Brothers a tale of two sons had me in it's grasp for the entire game, from the simple but already intriguing beginning to the impressive ending.It made me shed tears, block my throat and think about my existence and the life I've got.It is a true piece of art. While it had me laydback in my chair in the beginning (I was vastly impressed by the way they made the controls and puzzle elements). But after a few minutes it had me on the tip of my chair and craving for more. The game isn't very long, and I recommend everyone to give it a bash. As well as just playing through it in one go, It ensures that you're kept into the story and gives a lot more power to the story.You need a contoller to play this though, so if you don't have one...I recommend you buying one and then buying this game, even if you're only going to use it for this game.This game is a must-have and it would be a real shame to walk away from such a glorious story.While I'm saying that Brothers has an awesome story, its story is told using not a single understandable word and to me this formula worked like a charm."
76561198152043593,Recommended,225080,20010783,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Nikaloda,"This is a very beautiful but short 3-4 hour game. I got it on sale and would recommend for casual gamers. If you like more in depth and challenging games, this may not be for you. I enjoyed it, am left wanting more, and would play again."
,Recommended,225080,8387868,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,DomoKnight,"What the game lacks in length, it makes up for in depth.  Brothers is a unique experience that is reminiscent of the games put out by Team ICO.  You're dropped into a world with only the most basic of instructions:  travel to a far away place to get a cure.  The controls took a little getting used to since you're constantly controlling two characters at the same time, but after about the first chapter or so, I was surprised at how natural the dual joysticks worked for this game.  The scenery is gorgeous and the puzzles are fun (if not a little on the simple side).  My favorite chapter is the one where you're traversing the corpses of fallen giants.  No explanation is given or needed as to why there are newly fallen giants all over the place; in fact, each level has its own charm of unexplained circumstances.  Nevertheless, the level design is superb and the mysteries of the chapters do not detract whatsoever from the experience.  My only complaint is that the game is relatively short."
,Recommended,225080,16966387,"Posted: 9 July, 2015",all,Mog,"I made a video review of Brothers: A Tale of Two Sons along with Never Alone (because they're similar in some of the gameplay aspects) to give people a feel for how the game is. I do have spoilers in the review, but there's a jump link you can click to skip, so don't worry! Brothers is definitely one of the most unique games I've played, and I hope my video convinces you to play it as well.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dTmlIlXEorQ"
76561198019394961,Recommended,225080,13646910,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Manny,"A wonderful and touching story of two brothers on their adventure to help their ill father. The game is a masterpiece of its kind and i bet you've never played something like this before! A spirit of the game is cooperation between the brothers. There is a one way story, so you will not spend booring time to find the right way. In other words, it's a film with interaction and some logic elements that can handle everybody with a common sense. Throughout the entire game you can listen to beautiful music that highlight the story. I absolutely recommend to buy this game, you will never regret your money."
76561198132694658,Recommended,225080,16925457,"Posted: 7 July, 2015",all,Abufelafel,Emotion simulatorP.S must play in one sitting
76561198075439437,Recommended,225080,15354385,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Raizong,"If you like high quality games, as possible as near to reality quality is the best for you, this game is not for you. Brothers have a cartoon like graphics, an enjoyable gameplay and a good story. If you yas ""If the story is good I can play it in any quality"", like me, you will like this game. The gameplay is enjoyable but I did not find puzzles hard to solve, unless you are trying to get all bonus rewards of Steam, as those puzzles can be really challenging. Also the environmet, the world of the game, is pretty amazing. This world and what you see by those brothers' eyes is marvellous. The creatures, the people and the landscapes are really amazing.As for what makes this game good is definitely the story of the game. Problrm of the story is it takes 3-5 hours to finish whole game and story. Regardless of its length, I really liked the story, especially the last parts. If you are an emotional person you may even cry while playing the end. It is so fantastic that it affects you deeply like you experienced it. In additon, if you don't have good language to understand the game, you don't need to worry, since it doesn't have a language, at least people of this world could understand, lol :DShortly, if you don't have an obsession with graphics, you'd rather a good story than a full action gameplay, this game is just for you buy it now!"
,Recommended,225080,17186486,"Posted: 23 July, 2015",all,Brocolli,A short but very effective indie game. Great in most areas and good variety of puzzles to solve.Pros:+Nice graphics+Soundtrack+Amazing story/storytelling+Good system of controlling 2 characters+PuzzlesCons:-I would reccommend a controller-ShortFinal Verdict:A really good indie game. It doesn't last long but what you do get is very high quality.9/10
,Recommended,225080,11400550,"Posted: 25 July, 2014",all,Vinvara,"I bought this game because it was in the summer sale. When looking it up, I found that it had a metascore of 90/100 and a user score of 8.6. Pretty impressive, so I bought it.First play through today and I loved the game so much that I played it again immediately after clocking it the first time just to grab all the achievements. First play through only took me 3 ½ hours which was far too short for an amazing game. However, the graphics, unique control system and story are stunning and make the length of the game a little more forgivable. I am hoping in future more games are made using this control system.I rate this game 9/10. 1 less from perfect because of the length and nothing else. This game easily makes it in my top 5 games of all time."
,Recommended,225080,16583044,"Posted: 21 June, 2015",all,cyb3rd0g,"Overall, it is, hands-down, the most satisfying and moving experience I have ever had playing in any genre of PC game!!! It takes only a couple of hours to complete and it is dirt cheap! Seriously, everyone has got to sit down once in their life and play this game from start to finish in one sitting. You won't regret it! ^^"
76561198027142838,Recommended,225080,16573604,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Shoogily,This little game made me cry 3 times in 3 hours. That's more than I can say for any game I've played. Easily makes it among my most memorable games of all time.Be sure to play this in one sitting for the best experience.
76561198042276382,Recommended,225080,14850438,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Emile,"Brothers is something special. I do not believe any review could do judgement to the sheer creativity this game has. Two brothers have to save their father and embark on a journey to find some magical medicine from a tree. While the premise may not sound most interesting, its simplicity combined with the extremely clever narrative create gamings first true artistic classic that will likely be credited as an inspiration for many generations to come.One can see from the screenshot that the world is gorgeous and epic. When actually playing it this breathtaking feeling keeps recurring, and the game offers more than enough moments to truely take the environment in. The gorgeous music also adds to this.The characters itself, while speaking gibberish, are animated with great attention to body language and tone of voice, to make it really easy to identify with them. They come across some very interesting scenarios, and the differences between the two brothers are made clear using the aforementioned techniques.Instead of stripping a lot of gameplay to tell a story like many other narrative focused games, Brothers manages to offer well-designed challenges that synchronise very well with the narrative itself. At no point does one feel like there is a divide between the narrative and what you do in the gameplay, like in many, many other games.I could go on for hours, as there is no game that got me thinking as much about gaming as a whole as Brothers. The ending is by miles the most memorable event any game has offered me, and it still lingers to me to this day.I'm feeling a strong 10."
,Recommended,225080,1794654,"Posted: 7 September, 2013",all,Eightphoenix,"Absolutely fantastic. It took a little bit to get used to controlling the brothers seperately through the analog sticks, but once that was done, it was a blast to play. Enough about the gameplay, though. The STORY is what makes this game. It is in your face and causes you to convey so many different emotions. Sadness, anger, fright, and laughter. The ending is extremely powerful, and one of the most emotional that I have ever experienced. Definitely a MUST BUY."
,Recommended,225080,16727759,"Posted: 26 June, 2015",all,Gasi,"Such a lovely game+nice puzzles+awesome cuszenes+even more cuszenes when u do the achievements+dem feels+dancing prof when u blow his horn ""giggle""+dem feels+goatriding+dat end tho :O11/10 would ride that goat again"
,Recommended,225080,11011474,"Posted: 1 July, 2014",all,pudgemorgan,"Incredible game. It is all about the journey, and it never feels like you are just repeating the same actions over and over. Took about 3-4 hours only, but am glad they didn't just pad things out to make it longer. The game is easy to complete, but not in a bad way because it just makes the story progression smoother not having to stop and figure out tedious puzzles or repeat entire sections. It's just a going for a different kind of experience than most games. Similar to Limbo or Journey. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,225080,17697992,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Psychoa,"I read about how great it was and when it went on sale i decided to get it. Me and my little sister were hooked instantly, and we just recently finished it, it was truly a great story, no words needed.. Loved this game all the way through and I would highly recomend to anyone who has some free time and a friend."
,Recommended,225080,10803445,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,PEUNCE_MIN,"This game is amazing. An interactive emotional and beautiful story! For all of you in the negative reviews complaining about this game being too short, quality is not quantity by any means in this game. This game is all quality! Enjoy this wonderful story!"
,Recommended,225080,18785938,"Posted: 31 October, 2015",all,oxosoda,"good graphic and environment, nice music.gamepaly/control are good, you only need L/R analog button, RT/LT and RB/LBthe story, simple yet perfect!actually, I cry at last chapter :(If you like short story in games, just play this game!"
,Recommended,225080,10854929,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Ani,"If you have emotions, this game will probably move you (a lot). I got emotionally invested into the two brothers very quickly...Looks amazing and runs well and has very appealing controls. (Controller recommended, I used a Xbox 360 controller) It is not a particularly hard game and can sometimes challenge your ability of coordination, as in you move the wrong stick for the wrong brother or release the wrong trigger and get one of them killed. However, this is easily resolved by simply not sucking at the game like I did.The game is a bit short (about 3 hours) but definitely has a lot of quality over quantity. However, I despise the ending of this game. I absolutely hate how the story is concluded but that seems to be only me apparently.Get this game to have a great evening sometime!! ... and I hope you'll enjoy the ending waaaay more than I did!"
,Recommended,225080,15763623,"Posted: 9 May, 2015",all,foxfact,"Brothers is a puzzel game for people who don't like puzzels and its an RPG without a complex lore and meandering quests. It has a beautiful asthetic and great visual direction.My only complaint is you have to hold down LT and RT throughout many puzzels in the game to hold/interact with certain objects. Holding down those triggers strained my index fingers.The normal price of $15 might be a little steap for some gamers, but if the game goes under $5 than snag it. Its a great game to sit down alone one night and experience a simple and poignant tale. Play with a controller.I recommend it."
,Recommended,225080,13490880,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,VeiN,"I don't want to over hype it too much, but I definitely recommend buying and playing Brothers - A Tale of Two Sons if you haven't already. I would also highly suggest that the game is played in one sitting and with a controller.It is without a doubt one of the most powerful, elegant, unique, and just generally exceptional adventure games I have ever played."
,Recommended,225080,18408990,"Posted: 10 October, 2015",all,Daniel Murphy,"Absolutely amazing. Easily one of the greatest experiences I've ever had with a game. I don't think a game has ever evoked so many personal emotions from me. I am a younger brother and my elder is 6 years apart from me. This game truly touches me on a deep level with the utilization of sound, music, lighting, voicing, expression, and atmosphere.Although the characters speak in an indistiguishable language (mostly, apart from the brothers' names), their vocubulary leaves nothing to be desired and is communicated flawlessly. I believe this was intentional and means to give the player the ability to fill in the blanks with what (s)he feels appropriate, which is likely something personal and easy to connect with.The characters themselves are easy to relate to and offer excellent development as characters. The story is extremely simple, but communicated in such a beautiful way, I can't help but be floored this game lasted me nearly 3 hours. I already want to play it through a second time and find if there was anything I missed (other than achievements which are very satisfying and well hidden) which would give more richness to the world itself.The character models may not suit my taste, however, the art style makes up for any personal issue I have with the models themselves. I've taken a handful of screenshots from this game and am one right-click away from setting one as my desktop background.The game itself offers many puzzles and challenges which are never frustrating, yet still require thought and patience to accomplish. The flow of the gameplay has never once been interrupted for me and leaves very very little room for criticism. I'm greatly impressed with how the developers managed to keep such a simple mechanic of using two joysticks to control each brother sp fresh and entertaining even while repeating some puzzles over again. The game continually gets easier as the player becomes accustomed to the mechanics, but there are plenty of instances where I've had to stop and rearrange the brothers because I had trouble keeping the two moving naturally. This is not the game's fault at all, rather it is my own and the game should be praised for continuing to challenge me with such a simple and logical mechanic, but still retaining its challenge by requiring constant attention. Excellent puzzles and mechanics; they offer many challenges.I highly reccomend this game to anyone who enjoys puzzles, challenging multitasking, rich worlds with deep story, has an appreciation for music and environment, and especially anyone with a brother (hell, even a sister) who they care deeply for. You will not regret this purchase or the time you invest into it."
,Recommended,225080,13484751,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Boersnoes,"Don't remember ever hearing a story this beautiful and soul crushing.The clever use of the controller is more than just a gimmick and ends up being part of how you experience the story.If you have a controller in your possession, there is no game I can recommend more."
,Recommended,225080,8112367,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,G-wiz,Absolutely brilliant game.  A beautiful experience.  Play it!
76561198092498017,Recommended,225080,14492865,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,Rak,an amazing story with amazing character
,Recommended,225080,19492652,"Posted: 4 December, 2015",all,Enfant terrible,"Great game, made me groan a lot and feel things. Had a really great time with it, definitely recommend c: although be aware the feel rating is higher than most games so keep a box of tissues nearby, and not for what you usually do with them .. Sicko."
76561198017548020,Recommended,225080,8452660,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Blahu,"This is not a game, this is art, no crosshair, no hp bar, no achievements, no combat, just a story that will make you reflect on your own life and values. A must have title, very few games are that good."
,Recommended,225080,19143875,"Posted: 18 November, 2015",all,Pelona,"the first game that made me cried, seriously.this game special for my brother, rest in peace brother..."
76561198158646108,Recommended,225080,19108714,"Posted: 15 November, 2015",all,nathanroys,"A beautiful, charming masterpiece.A riveting tale that delves into your heartstrings and plays them like a lute. This is the best ""Indie"" game I have ever played. Not once was I bored, not once did I get frustrated. The perfect blend of story and gameplay. I didn't want to say this but... It's ♥♥♥♥ing seamless.I love it. If you die without playing this game, you will never truly be satisfied."
76561197967442172,Recommended,225080,19061645,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Slice,Don't have to much to add that others have not. Really goood game. I clocked in between 2-3 hours. Would have been shorter if the background wasn't so atmospheric. I would just look around. The ending was very emotional. Good game. A must buy.
,Recommended,225080,19007701,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,Dafuq,"i Usually don't play Indie games, but this one daaaamn, took my heart with storm, beautiful game, the contrast. i absolutely love it, will play again 10/10"
,Recommended,225080,19015098,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,TastyWheat,"The story is great and the puzzles are very interesting too.  I like the single-player-multi-character game mechanic.  For me it's definitely a one-time-only game, but it's still worth it."
,Recommended,225080,19025534,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,ToneLoki,"A great game. This is just a few hours of gameplay, but beautiful worlds filled with unique landscapes and characters. More than I expected. A great and memorable adventure. Get this game. Controller reccomended."
,Recommended,225080,19026352,"Posted: 11 November, 2015",all,glowy,Reduced me to a sobbing mess. Interpret this as a good or bad thing as you wish.
,Recommended,225080,19037856,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,ufo.mesh,Wonderful story!
76561198052708161,Recommended,225080,19045532,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,skyways,"A Poetic and very well made game all around, A Tale of Two sons offers beautiful visuals, fluid gameplay, and  an immerisve world with characters you will quickly fall in love with, brain-bending puzzles and a sense of responsibility will keep you hooked, while the story continues to unfold."
,Recommended,225080,19050346,"Posted: 13 November, 2015",all,Murdock,"I played and finished this in the 4th quarter of 2015. Brothers - A Tale of Two Sons was an amazing journey with breathtaking storyline and absolutely gorgeous looking environments. You play as two brothers who set up on a journey to find the medicine for their dying father. It has been so powerfully executed that its almost unreal. The whole game is in Swedish and that is intentional. Not once in the whole game I felt the need of English. Without giving anything away, the conclusion/epilogue of the game is insanely amazing. One of the best games I have ever played. Period!"
,Recommended,225080,8540896,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Mecha,"This is something special, worth playing!!"
,Recommended,225080,19266557,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Ducktape,"I really enjoyed playing this puzzle/maze type of game. Got stuck a few times and had to refer to the Youtube videos a few times. Also, IMPORTANT NOTE: Don't try to play it with a keyboard. I DID! and it took me ages to complete simple missions because of sum bugs. Sometimes even though I knew what to do, I just couldn't get the characters to do it. Which wasted a lot of my time.Overall I would recommend it if you are looking for a simple, fun way to pass-time."
,Recommended,225080,19353201,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Blinky,"The fact that the game is able to do so much without any english dialogue, and with ""simple"" controlls is astounding. Excellent and unique gameplay, great puzzles, and an absolutely amazing story.Do yourself a favor and stop reading about this game and just buy it and play it.... unless you experience the game you can't really understand its full impact."
,Recommended,225080,19358708,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,ruscur,"Controller practically required.  It's good but it's very short.  2-3 hours.  No brainer when on sale for under $5, though.Not a lot of gameplay.  It's puzzle solving but they're all trivial, the game pretty much plays itself.  The story is okay, it's the atmosphere of the music and the world that does it for me."
76561198006288599,Recommended,225080,19359097,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Chiropraptor,"This is a short game where you play as both brothers at the same time. I highly recommend that you use a controller for this game. It takes place in a mythological world where the siblings go on an adventure to find the tree of life to cure your father from an illness.As I said before, this game is short and you can 100% the game in a day. I highly enjoyed the game. The graphics are fine, the gameplay is fun, and the story in phenominal.Don't worry about the language barrier in the game. You can tell what is going on.Overall I'm giving this game a unbelievable 9/10"
,Recommended,225080,19360715,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,Naked Korneph,All the feels.
,Recommended,225080,19364933,"Posted: 29 November, 2015",all,TomPlusGames,"One of the best games I've played all year and it was less than £5 in the Steam sale, which is an amazing deal.Beautiful visuals and a great soundtrack. Slightly short but long enough to be worth a playthrough. Highly recommend!9/10"
,Recommended,225080,19337246,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,PsiComa,"Incredibly charming game... the atmosphere and visuals are spot on, with those old-school puzzles I've been missing lately. This is a mix of nostalgia and new innovation in the same package. It's not just a game, it's an adventure - an experience totally worth the cost.NOTE! It says that the game requires a controller to play, which is not correct. You can use a keyboard, but then you should be two players (so that each player controls one of the brothers, using directional keys and an action button). I played it through with my girlfriend, and in fact, I strongly believe that the game is BETTER for two players."
,Recommended,225080,19339973,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Lorefiend,"This ♥♥♥♥ing game.Sucker punched right in the feels.Tells a beautiful story and has engaging gameplay without uttering or writing a single word, a pretty amazing experience."
76561198027950600,Recommended,225080,19346365,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,TagMaster,WOW!!! Revolutionary.Mindblowing graphics... soundtrack and... the story!!!!Did I mention how amazing the gameplay is? Controlling two characters at the same time on the keyboard? Great puzzles. Will there be the sequel? :)
,Recommended,225080,10965040,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Bugss,"This game is honestly one of the best games I have ever played. It spun a web of genuine happiness and genuine sadness. If it was up to me everyone should play this game, with a controller mind you (it makes for easier control). Throughout this game I hardly felt the need to think about what to do. Everything felt intuitive and natural which very few games manage to pull off. PLAY THIS GAME. Feel human emotions and play this game."
,Recommended,225080,8456203,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Budii,This game is amazing !!! It tells the story of two brothers who wantsto safe their fathers life and the game tells the story very well !!For everyone who want to play a game withe nice grafics and awonderful story (the opposite of CoD:Ghosts) this game is oneof the few games whitch has both!!
,Recommended,225080,16437852,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,schwal,"Perfect. If I had to use another word it would be epic. The noun, ""An extended narrative poem in elevated or dignified language, celebrating the feats of a deity or demigod (heroic epic) or other legendary or traditional hero."" Change that last bit to heroes and strike extended and you have this game.There was not a moment in this game that wasn't beautiful to the point of breathtaking, not a mechanic that didn't work perfectly, not a puzzle that wasn't a joy.The screenshots mostly show the pastoral opening, but there are many more and completely varied yet seamlessly linked settings, all at least as beautiful.And last, but certainly not least, the story. It's brilliant. and I won't spoil anything else, just play it already."
,Recommended,225080,16917651,"Posted: 6 July, 2015",all,Princess_Leelee,Absolutely loved this game but prepare to be sad.
,Recommended,225080,16488775,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Rogtilop,"This game is a marvel of storytelling but not only that it is not dependent on entensive cutscenes or even intelligable speech. The story is mainly told through gameplay, pulling the reader in because they are not being told a story, they are living. I am not a deeply emotional person I ussually care more for fun gameplay, but when brilliant gameplay tells the story I truly felt for these brothers. The puzzles and other challenges strengthen the relationship between brothers and therfore strengthens your feelings toward the brothers. You feel like you are each brother and feel a brotherly relationship towards the other. I can not state enough how much I enjoyed and recomend this game."
,Recommended,225080,16876261,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Snap47,"Brilliant puzzle-solving game mechanics with captivating story-telling. The game's unique mechanics involves you controlling the two brothers simultaneously, and the emotional impact it brings is absolutely phenomenal. Again, a brilliant game.I got it on sale, and boy wasn't it worth it. I'd say it's still worth on full price. But if you are not too much of a puzzle gamer like me, you should definitely get it on sale. It's worth it.By the way, PLAY IT ON A CONTROLLER!!!"
76561198080572192,Recommended,225080,16879139,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Koodle0101,"A pretty good game if you love adventure, art, and puzzles. This game does a very good job at combining the three things as well as having good music. I got the feeling of awe and wonder throughout the game and was amzed and touched by how beautiful the game was. Although short, everything that was there was done perfectly. This is not considered a story rich game, rather a scenic adventure game. Think about that before you buy it.Pros:- Beautiful art and design.- Great sense of scale, everything is gigantic and huge.- Good music.Cons:- Very short.- Controls are very clunky and takes a bit of getting used to.- Weak story.- Linear, no wondering off the main path or freedom to venture.- Some bugs/glitches (turning the crank for 5 minutes. Do NOT let go for 2 seconds or it's another 5 minutes)"
76561198117374265,Recommended,225080,16881899,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,BatGirlJack,"Wow. Play this. Totally different and unique game controls. You're conrtolling each character at the same same with each joystick. And like woah, friggen beautiful. The graphics are amazing. It's fun. It's different. It's short, 4 hours? It's not difficult, except for forgetting which character is which joystick. There's nothing else out there like this in originality, story and visual appeal."
,Recommended,225080,16881973,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Who Killed Dove?,"interesting mechanics, albeit not too challenging. the scenery is occasional gorgeous. the ending was a bit drawn out but the fact that i can complain about 'too much mourning' shows that this is a fairly unique game.."
,Recommended,225080,16882479,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,ShmuPixel,"An excellent game, but way too short and no replay value... I cannot recommend buying this game at full price knowing those two facts. On the bright side though, the storyline is somewhat disturbing (in a good way) and the puzzles won't blow your brain out. It's more like an exploration game with a few platforms/levers/NPCs to interact with. You get into the game very quickly and enjoy the journey, but it doesn't last and you get that weird aftertaste of a game that is too short and too easy. Definitely a game for a casual moment if you don't know what else to do. It took me 2.5 hours to finish and I could have spent maybe 30 minutes to an hour if I wanted to unlock all achievements, but there is not really any incentive to do that. I'm not 100% sure if I should recommend this game, even though I really enjoyed the 2 hours of gameplay. I don't think it's worth its price so I'm going to conclude with ""only buy it during sales or in a bundle"". It's still a good game that you should definitely try."
,Recommended,225080,7549321,"Posted: 2 November, 2013",all,Sharktopus |ϟ|,"While this is a relatively short game (you can finish the story in 3 to 4 hours), it offers a unique and unforgettable experience. Parts of it will definitely tug at your heartstrings. The game requires you to control both brothers simultaneously, so you will need a gamepad with twin thumb sticks. If you are looking for a game that won't eat away too much of your valuable time, but will leave a long lasting impression, this is the one. Did I mention that it is very pretty?"
,Recommended,225080,8957879,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,OfficerMcLawDog,I have never cried so much during a video game. It was an emotional rollercoaster of interesting puzzles. I never thought I could get so attatched to my joysticks and triggers on my controller.
,Recommended,225080,17650092,"Posted: 21 August, 2015",all,altrewin,"This game made me feel all sorts of emotions. I felt joy, I felt uneasy, and I felt sad. This game may be short, but my god was it good. The controls took a little bit of getting used to, but they work suprisingly well! And the art style of this game is on point to say the least.A controller is a must for this game (although I presume you could technically remap the keys to use keyboard via 3rd-party software or ini files.While I'd say it is probably a bit of a stretch to say this game is worth the full £10.99, it is 100% worth it if it gets even the slightest discount and you have a controller."
76561197973901725,Recommended,225080,17715474,"Posted: 25 August, 2015",all,glooscap,What a game!- amazing story- great gameplay- atmospheric soundtrackYou can read some of the more comprehensive reviews put up or......spend the money and experience the game yourself - you won't regret it!
76561197971305233,Recommended,225080,17674968,"Posted: 23 August, 2015",all,Runie,Don't read this review.  Or any other.  Or anything about this game really.Just buy it.  Play it.  And cherish it for the amazing accomplishment of video game storytelling that it is.
76561197966113620,Recommended,225080,17691508,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Speed Boat Perry,Speechless... Amazing game
76561198039114448,Recommended,225080,13462585,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Blatherskite,"Wow where do i start this game is amazing, the story is just so deep i definitely recommend this game no matter the pricecant say much with out spoilers so lets just say that the graphics are amazing the story deep and that the gameplay is mostly puzzle like / platformer but still amazing story"
,Recommended,225080,18101361,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,manliogreco,"Really beautiful and moving game.The game controller requirement has a true valid reason to be there. I don't want to spoil things so...trust me, it MUST be played with a game controller ;-)"
76561198019152900,Recommended,225080,16492081,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Mang,"Lives up to the hype. Touching story and very clever puzzle design that utilizes both brothers in ways that are pretty straightforward. Game is pretty short and achievements are easy to get. Contrary to what the store page says, a controller is not required to play. I finished the game with just keyboard and mouse and did not have much difficulty aside from maybe one or two puzzles. Definitely get this on a sale."
76561198058884207,Recommended,225080,9436432,"Posted: 12 March, 2014",all,julienpoo,"It starts a little slowly, and its maybe a little short... Replayability here is also limited. I will say that if you get this game, think about it like a nice movie or book, you won't read it or watch it again right after you finished it.But wow I enjoyed this game!Loved the beautiful however sad atmosphere, and the way the game was able to create a link with the characters to touch your emotion.Played this game on a very slow PC, E-350 with HD 6310, so it was slow and not the best graphics but still... I played it till the end and appreciated the experience a lot."
,Recommended,225080,9579016,"Posted: 20 March, 2014",all,SuperBTown,"One of the best short games I have ever played, and one of the only games that I have played that actually tugged at my heart strings. Controls are a little difficult if you do not have a consol controller, but not game breaking. The beautifully rendered world is straight out of the fairy tale books you read as a child and the puzzle elements keep you thinking, but never to the point of frustration. I highly recommend picking this up if you are looking for a new, refreshing gaming experience."
,Recommended,225080,9554172,"Posted: 18 March, 2014",all,eggsnbeans,"This is a great example of how to combine game mechanics with a story. Some games have a reputation of having a great story but lacking game mechanics, The Walking Dead or Gone Home come to mind, and other games have no story whatsoever but the mechanics are strong. This is not any of those games. This is a game that shows that you can combine the mechanics with a story and the result is just wonderful. It doesn't even matter the game is short. I'm hoping more game developers learn from this game and we can see more of this in the future. Highly recommended.I got this game by selling items. I can't believe I got this gem for free. I even feel kinda guilty because it kinda feels I stole it."
,Recommended,225080,8566815,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,The Virus,"Beautiful, in more ways than one. Joyful, thrilling, moving, brimming with character and stories, all without a single spoken word.It's only three or four hours long, which feels like the perfect length. But just be aware of that when looking at the asking price. Catch it on sale if you must, but do play it. Highly, highly recommended."
,Recommended,225080,8941845,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,anthony,"Having never written a review before, it seems only fitting that my first be a review of Brothers - A Tale of Two Sons, for I can, with no reservations, say that this is my favorite game. Let it first be understood that I have an affinity for casual games with unique elements. That being said, Brothers has everything that I look for in a game: an interesting plot, a unique game mechanic, and a beautiful universe, among many other things. The first thing you notice about the game is the truly unique control system. The player controls two people simultaneously using the two analog sticks and just two buttons. This takes some getting used to but the game eases you into it before throwing tough puzzles that require some rather ambidextrous fingerwork at you, all the while providing you with a great soundtrack and one of the most beautiful and interesting surroundings. The world these two prothers live in is never said aloud but it was most likely inspired by the game writer's Nordic home. Although the brothers start in a small coastal village, they soon journey throughout their world, passing through neighboring towns, trolls' fortresses carved into mountains, cities inhabited by only frozen citizens and invisible giants, and even an epic battle fought between men taller than mountains. In each new place the boys enter, they try to save someone in need, or avoid getting sacrified, eaten, or frozen. It is worth noting that throughout the entire game, not a single word is spoken in any understandable language. Despite this, the game manages to elicit intense emotions as the brothers struggle with the world around them, those they meet, and each other on their quest to save their father. I have no shame in admitting that I may have shed a tear at the end. Overall, this game is one of the best I've ever played and would recommend wholeheartedly to anyone looking for an adventure of a lifetime."
76561198052046830,Recommended,225080,8623833,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Larry,best game 2010 onwards
,Recommended,225080,8921675,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,Yeonni,"This game. Is. So. Amazing. I think I broke something. Like my head.This is what you get when a game's looks, gameplay and story go perfectly together, to the point where you can't tell where one ends and the other begins. It's short, but those two hours I spent on this game is worth a hundred in another, I *swear*. The graphics are beautiful and set the mood, the story is fantastically told (I can't properly do justice to how it pulled me in sneakily and then knocked me out), and the gameplay is smooth and fresh. And the sound; both the (wordless) voice acting and the music are probably half the reason I got so incredibly in there. With something that looks and feels very very simple, these people have created a work of art.A must to play, no nonsense."
,Recommended,225080,8699156,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,BOBO,"Possibly the saddest game Ive ever played. Yet, it was so amazingly well done"
,Recommended,225080,9061101,"Posted: 11 February, 2014",all,Countrycide,Short but sweet.
76561198004306831,Recommended,225080,8935801,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Lathre,"I cant think of a time when a game has made me feel the way this game did. Emotional rollercoaster, great story, amazing art and simple but enjoyable game play. Easily one of the best games of 2013, if not ever."
,Recommended,225080,7605493,"Posted: 8 November, 2013",all,EpicWeirdoKid,This is an absolute MUST play for ANY gamer. This game took me on such an adventure that I question whether I had ever even been on one before it. What is it about this game that makes it so great? I couldn't possibly explain that to you. You just have to try it out yourself to see. 10/10
,Recommended,225080,10259993,"Posted: 27 May, 2014",all,nick.,"Despite the actual game being pretty short, ""Brothers - A Tale of Two Sons"" is a simply-put emotive adventure alongside it's beautiful visuals.=STORY=Shortly after their mother's death, the two brothers' (Naiee and Naia) father has non-specifically fallen ill. After they bring him to the village's doctor, it is revealed to them that the only way to cure their father is by collecting water from the ""Tree of Life"". And right then and there, the brothers begin to embark on a long journey (and dangerous at times) to save the only parent that they have left.=GAMEPLAY=You are in control of the two brothers: Naiee (young) and Naia (eldest). Despite the fact that this game requires the Xbox 360 controller for the better experience, I used the PC keyboard personally. To be honest, it was a bit iffy to get used to, but then it wasn't such a big deal for me. The brothers will interact with others that they come across on their journey, solve puzzles in order to advance, and do what brothers should always be doing: Working together.=VISUALS/ART=Visually speaking, I love it. Seeing the amazing areas around you while you're traveling to the Tree of Life is breathtaking, making you want to appreciate the outdoors much more with praise. There are also moments in the game where you can sit on a bench that are on the edges of various areas, high in elevation, showing the beautifully looking environment that surrounds you. Once again...breathtaking.=MUSIC=Musically speaking, it's great. I really adore the parts of the soundtrack that are so calm and peaceful to listen to, and the parts that make you feel like you are embarking on an amazing journey, much like the two brothers themselves=FINAL VERDICT=A simple, beautiful story that comes with amazing visuals and a really adventurous soundtrack certainly does make up for the short length of the game.On a scale of liver to chocolate, I give this game: A ""Nutella"" rating."
,Recommended,225080,10293139,"Posted: 30 May, 2014",all,Kansas City Octopus,Absolutely beautiful. In every sense of the word.
76561197983308909,Recommended,225080,13631724,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,tahnabee,"Excellent game, an emotional and surprising journey."
,Recommended,225080,15396206,"Posted: 15 April, 2015",all,bugsy,"Such a pretty game filled with a ton of emotions, I'm still recovering.Honestly a great experience, please play this game."
,Recommended,225080,11058796,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Auge,One of the best adventures i ever had. I highly recommend playing it in one setting.10/10
,Recommended,225080,8598700,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Literally The Worst,Check out myVideo Reviewhttp://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vK3UgAQv1P0
76561197975587162,Recommended,225080,16049507,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,((林老北)) Hao,"Though the game play is quite short, but it is definitely worth the play. It does not have any replay value since there is not much secret unless u r playing for all the achievements which are very simple. Game play is very straight forward, you just need to control the 2 brothers together to solve all the puzzle together. Control is a bit hard at first but once you are used to it then it will be very simple, highly recommended to purchase this game during discount since the game is short."
76561198008615688,Recommended,225080,13361066,"Posted: 14 December, 2014",all,RaptoR,"A Masterpiece. Definitely a ""must buy""."
76561197990351243,Recommended,225080,13648022,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Klappspaten,"It is short, there's not much going on story-wise, there's no replay value, the graphics aren't exactly spectacular and it is very easy. But i cared about the plot, gazed at some of the vistas with their beautiful art style, had fun controlling both brothers at once (with my keyboard btw., which worked just fine for me) and had several moments of emotional investment throughout (the most important part).It doesn't do it's hype justice, because nothing does, but comes a lot closer to it than other games (like ""Gone Home"" for instance). Lovely little gem. I do recommend to get it on sale though. Got it for a buck and a half or something, felt like a steal."
,Recommended,225080,13644781,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,nixproducer,"Great Game the story was a bit short but still it was a wonderful game, and it even had a great soundtrack to go along with it, 10/10 Great Buy, a game everyone should play"
76561197996673349,Recommended,225080,8413020,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,★roto™ ツ,couldnt make it past intro without breaking out into tears
,Recommended,225080,8379609,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,gst800,"Great design, atmosphere gameplay and storyline. 10/10"
,Recommended,225080,13862433,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Yuinova,"In Brothers you do not control a pair of brothers, but rather you serve as the relationship between them. Because of this unique and amazing mechanic, Brothers is able to make a meaningful and profound conversation about life, and death. A breathtaking an emtional experance, one of the best that games can offer."
,Recommended,225080,13873820,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Not a BIG KING,"Det här spelet är ett av de mest unika och fantastiska spel jag någonsin spelat. Det går inte att beskriva med ord. Jag hade tåren i ögat när jag avklarade spelet. Helt underbart, det rör en djupt i hjärat, det är ett spel för alla. En fantastisk berättelse, 100% sagolikt, förtjusande, hänförande, ljuvligt, vackert, fantastiskt. Njutning till 200%."
76561198027362706,Recommended,225080,13874553,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Pew Pew! McGoo,"Bought this game during the Winter sale. Beat it in almost three and a half hours. The game is beautiful, both in the visuals and the storyline. Though the characters speak in a made up language and there is no way to possibly know what's being said, you still know what is happening at the moment.The gameplay itself is different, as you must control both brothers at the same time to get anywhere (there's only so far one brother can go without the other). I thought I could control them no problem. I have never been so wrong in all my life.This game is definitely worth picking up if you want a fun, pretty game with a great story. Plus you get to throw a child's ball into a well and make her cry!"
76561198019927859,Recommended,225080,13875583,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,\m/-___-\m/ | Mr. G,"A beautiful game.  A Narnia-esque world accompanied by a musical score that accents all the emotional moments, as well as utilizing silence in some of the best ways I have seen in video games.  A modern twist on a side-scrolling platformer, 'Brothers' has you controlling two separate characters with each joystick (or opposite sides of the keyboard), and I recommend keeping each brother on the side of the screen that corresponds to his control side.  This control scheme works brilliantly and I am sure will be copied for years to come.All I will say about this game is that it is a must play.  The collision detection can be off, some pop-in may occur and your character might not do exactly what you want on occasion, but to let any of these minor flaws deter you from playing this game would be a shame.  It manages to bring together ideas from games like Uncharted, God of War, Journey and Heavy Rain all into a 3 hour storytelling masterpiece.Worth it at full price, easy, and the biggest steal ever when it goes on sale (80% off on occasion!). Do yourself a favor, buy this game.  Take your time.  Explore off the beaten path, when you can, and just enjoy it.  Do your best to avoid spoilers and you will be handsomely rewarded."
76561197999838272,Recommended,225080,13792219,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Worst Player Ever,"Really well made game! Took me around 4 hours to complete with a few brief pouses.A bit to easy puzzles, so its more fitting for younger ages or people new to gaming because it delivers a VERY bautiful story full of emotions and some moral choises too ! :)Also, do not buy this game unless you have a gamepad, the pc controlls are terrible!"
76561198013723549,Recommended,225080,13787871,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Darth411,"Dispite the evidently small budget this game hits all the feels with and awesome story and atmosphere and the mechanics behind the brothers, while difficult to get used to, are well done and fun. 10/10 5/5 and all the stars."
,Recommended,225080,13828624,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,jagaricosalad,"Brothers is a game where two brothers embark on a quest to bring back water from a giant tree far away from home to cure their father. I didn't really expect anything when I bought and played this game, and boy I was in for a treat. The cinematography in this game is amazing, there are many times you would have that urge to just stop for a moment and take a screenshot of where you are.In this game, you have to rely on what you see to understand what is happening. The characters do speak, but you won't really understand much since they speak a fictional language. This does raise a few questions here and there, but overall they do a fantastic job at painting the tone of the world. The gameplay is unique, and I recommend using the controller for the best experience.Storywise? Amazing. There are several memorable moments, some of joy while others of somber and they sure know how to hit them feels. During my initial playthrough I had mixed feelings about the story. But upon rethinking I can appreciate how they did the story. This is a story of two brothers, travelling in a beautiful but harsh world. They live in a world where there is love and kindness, but they must also be cautious and prepared for the dangers hiding in every corner.The only thing I would complain is that the playtime is a bit short, but other than that it's a 10/10 to me. Highly recommended game."
,Recommended,225080,8765302,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,standalone47,"Mechanics wise its simple but does what it needs to do.Story is one of the best that i have played so far, all this without words spoken"
,Recommended,225080,13242016,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,herotrojan,"i play this game with my younger brother and it is beautiful!! my brother use joystick while i use keyboard, it only has less button to use and not so hard! thanks for a great game!"
76561197986318215,Recommended,225080,13340159,"Posted: 12 December, 2014",all,Bongofett,"Great story, but such a sad ending. *needs hug*"
,Recommended,225080,13278506,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,Illidan Pantspisser,i want to rip out my heart and throw it at the next happy family i seeambidextrous simulator 10/10happiness simulator 0/10
,Recommended,225080,13779544,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,Belzeb00bs,Just hurted my feelings10/10
,Recommended,225080,8678652,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Assy McGee,embrace the feels
76561198109081592,Recommended,225080,13802262,"Posted: 2 January, 2015",all,{TWB}_Atomica96,-Beginning the game-This game is great!-finishes game-*incoherent/uncontrollable sobbing*
,Recommended,225080,13556174,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Requiem,Incrivel... sem palavras.... só lamento por ser cuto....
,Recommended,225080,14173616,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,ZAIÐES ツ,"I have no words to describe this Fantastic game,10/10 saddest, astounding, and down right best storyline of a game I have ever played. Bravo!"
,Recommended,225080,8619929,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,gabrielm_s,"Very nice little game, great story !"
,Recommended,225080,14173193,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Erica {TG},Probably the best story telling in any game I've ever played!
,Recommended,225080,8906349,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,☽ LUNATEE ☽,"Such a beautiful game! The scenes, music, and emotion are all there. I absolutely loved this story & gameplay. Very tragic ending almost had me in tears though. This game is a must have for anyone who enjoys video games especially ones where it touches your heart and soul."
,Recommended,225080,10019154,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,legsbrogan,A work of art.  ♥♥♥♥ Roger Ebert
,Recommended,225080,13020093,"Posted: 20 November, 2014",all,RookieWookie,"A very nice game. Beautiful visuals, interesting game mechanics, and a very nice story. Sad, but very nice. I enjoyed it."
76561198118958395,Recommended,225080,11855437,"Posted: 24 August, 2014",all,.ICE,"The game was smooth and the graphic was beautiful!Story is very interesting for me,the journey i had with ""Brothers - A Tale of Two Sons"" was heartfelt.though i have hard times with  the keyboard game-play,but i manage all right.indeed it's a brilliant and beautiful game.10/10i would recommend."
,Recommended,225080,8941527,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Cartwright,"Fantastic.Each time I thought the gameplay would get boring, they added something new.It also plays you a beautiful soundtrack.A well written story that is told brilliantly throughout the game.And to top it all, it's visually stunning.10/10 (And I don't give them lightly)"
76561198038991363,Recommended,225080,14428256,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Dim Sum 2.0,"I have never been so emotionally touch by a game after I finished ATOTS. The whole game played through like a scenic movie that really paid attention to the smallest of details. It truly expressed a story through the ability of control and the experience was serene. From the beginning to the end, this great game delivered."
,Recommended,225080,14429368,"Posted: 10 February, 2015",all,Cohex,Wonderful story with an interesting control format. The game itself is relatively easy but will take you on an emotional rollarcoaster that is well worth the ride as it soars through spectactular landscapes filled with interesting creatures.
76561198097733243,Recommended,225080,14553647,"Posted: 19 February, 2015",all,bchill53,Wow... I am still getting over the feelings. Play it!
,Recommended,225080,14279189,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,The Fish,"What an overwhelmingly gripping game, and an outstanding conclusion that hit me right between the feels!Definite must-have game!"
,Recommended,225080,14479020,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,neizod,"sensitive, short, stunning."
,Recommended,225080,14285708,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Kus,"EXCELLENT! I had this game in my list for a while, and finally got it for a rainy weekend. Me and my partner sat in front of the TV with the gamepad and five hours later the game was finished, my girlfriend was crying and I was turning the PC of for a couple of days.The storytelling is simple but incredibly deep and powerfull. Great innovative gameplay, the music is nice and the character design is top notch.One of the best games around - if you have a gamepad. :)"
76561197969948149,Recommended,225080,13764919,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,BigEyeGuy,"One SentenceA wonderful, short, and aptly priced 3D platformer with a twist.A Bit MoreControlling both characters is a great concept which keeps the simple (sometimes a bit too simple) platforming parts interesting. Story is wonderfully delivered with lots of small moments to pay attention to and absorb.Even experienced gamers will find them selves confusing the controls between the brothers but that should not be a big hurdle. One thing to note is how physical the game could get when using a controller as you will be holding the shoulder buttons for dear life in certain segments.Bottom LineInstead of providing 20+ hours of enemy killing and huge stages ""Brothers"" provides 3 hours of amazing story telling and  solid gameplay that will stick with you.Highly recommended.Followhttp://steamcommunity.com/groups/West7for more game reviews"
,Recommended,225080,14040916,"Posted: 17 January, 2015",all,Doctor Teo,"If you were dismayed that you were never able to play Journey because it was a Playstation exclusive, or played it and wanted more, look no further: Brothers - A Tale of Two Sons is the Journey for the PC platform.The characters are silent but expressive. The environments colorful and vibrant, yet at times dark and twisted. The path is straightforward, but full of hidden secrets along the way. This is not a game of reflexes and precision - there is no user interface to distract the player from everything that goes on. This is one of those fancy shmancy 'all about the experience' games; if you're not the type of player who likes a slower paced game, Brothers will not appeal to you. However, if an odyssey through gorgeous unknown lands with a silent storytelling scheme sounds like your kind of game, Brothers is the kind of game where you can get lost in.The game is played from the perspective of the two Brothers, controlled simultaneously. Despite the label, you do not need a controller to play this game; keyboard alone will work fine, though a controller will feel more natural. The two brothers have only two actions: moving, and a context-sensitive action button. It may not seem complex, but when you coordinate the two brothers at once to navigate puzzles, a single action button per brother is plenty. The brothers may move in similar fashion, but you soon learn they have their own strengths, which I will not spoil as some of them are story-centric.And did I mention the environment is astounding? There are countless hidden secrets and interactables, with the two brothers reacting differently to most of them. Everything in this game is hand-crafted and visually stunning. No lens-flare, no blood-on-the-camera, just luscious amounts of scenery porn. If you're packing a good graphics card, this is where you'll be happy to have it.You would think a game where one controls two characters independently to be confusing, but it successfully creates a challenge rather than an annoying gimmick. Imaginative and inspiring, melding gameplay with adventure, Brothers is going to be a must-have for most people. If one wonders whether or not gameplay is art, wonder no longer - you'll be too engrossed in this game to care.The only criticism is the stupid lever at the start of the game. God damn that lever.The game is also pretty short; there's no doubt it's thorough, well-paced, and end at a good time, but it does leave one wanting to find more....P.S.: As a side note, the game can also be crudely played with two people, one controlling each brother. While it may take away from the mechanical challenge of having to control two entities, it throws in a fun teamwork element and allows you to enjoy the game with a second person. We played with one person on keyboard and another on controller, but having two people on keyboard is also possible. Since the game is not 'meant' to be played this way, you may find some parts easier or more difficult than normal, but I can attest that the game will still be satisfying to play."
,Recommended,225080,14613560,"Posted: 23 February, 2015",all,Alex/Liquid_soda #SlavLife,Amazing game.  A very emotional journey through unknown lands. 10/10
,Recommended,225080,8598066,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Mellow,"Brothers: A Tale of Two Sons is a neat little game with a well-structured plot that is interwoven rather well with its novel control scheme. Unfortunately, however, it leaves much to be desired in terms of core gameplay.Despite the presence of weak puzzling and platforming elements, Brothers: A Tale of Two Sons is little more than a “press forward to win” game albeit one with a somewhat interesting, but often derpy, control scheme. I used a gamepad on my playthrough and found the controls to be quite intuitive for the most part. If Lefty/Righty finds his way to the right/left of his sibling, however, what was once practical quickly becomes a derpfest of wrestling with the controls. It's not particularly bothersome but it does serve to emphasise how, with a duration of just two to three hours, I barely had time to get comfortable with the controls. Yet, in this short time, I still found many elements of gameplay tedious and repetitive. Expect to slog through the same “puzzle” several times in quick succession and spend most of your time moving forward unchallenged by NPCs or the environment.Without any sense of challenge or urgency, I felt like I was just going through the motions and waiting for the climax. I believe the pay-off in the final stages of the game was fantastic but the larger experience left me unsatisfied.The story itself was fine and characterisation was done quite well, and rather innovatively, despite the short play time. The use of a gibberish non-language throughout, however, really detracted from what might otherwise have been emotive moments. I laughed when my characters were frustrated, upset or afraid and I urged them to STFU when they expressed their anguish.Looking back on some of the screenshots I took, there were many areas that struck me visually and I thought the art direction was beautifully executed. One visual gripe I have with the game is that every time there is a cutscene, a substantial portion of screen real estate is wasted on black bars. This was a design choice and one that audiences, as I certainly did, may find jarring throughout their time with the game. The intended audience of this game is a little murky; I kept thinking the gameplay might be well-placed in a game for children but that notion just doesn't sit well with the game's many grim tonal shifts.Overall, Brothers: A Tale of Two Sons is a technically polished game with a lot of potential but it's hard to recommend it on the basis of anything but its fleeting novelty.Unidimensional, unchallenging, mercifully short.Still worth a look."
76561198041535307,Recommended,225080,11250344,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Darakon,The most beautiful game I played so far!It is more art than a computer game.I wish there would be more games like this...
,Recommended,225080,14567196,"Posted: 20 February, 2015",all,Deshi,Great unique platformer about two brothers on an adventure to save their father. Truly unique gameplay and powerful presentation.
,Recommended,225080,15885531,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Headhunter,Heartbreakingly beautiful
76561197995711383,Recommended,225080,15890896,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Lovesfool,"Great game. Very epic. Very personal. Very emotional experience. However, be warned. It's a DARK game. It is full of many depressing themes and if you go in lightheartedly, it will smack your soul to the dirt.Also, it's a bit on the short side (took me 3 hours), but it is absolutely a rich and satiating experience. Perhaps it's wiser to purchase it in some Steam sale or whatnot.I really enjoyed it for what it is."
,Recommended,225080,15892966,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Laus,"This game is great although it's a bit short, I finished it in just under 3 hours. I also wouldn't recommend playing without a controller.Aside from that the game has a beautiful setting, the scenery is gorgeous, the soundtrack is gorgeous and the animals etc are all gorgeous. The gameplay is unique in comparison to most I've games I've played recently and it's a really nice breath of fresh air. Highly recommend, would give 8/10 because I'd like it to be a bit longer."
,Recommended,225080,10983262,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Sad Old Man,"This astonishing game does not only tell a story through its incredibly beautiful narrative but also through its mechanics. You play as two brothers, both intertwined in the same control scheme which creates a powerful illusion and a strong connection with you and the two brothers.If you’re interested in an amazing story with a Zelda-esk inspired world, Scandinavian-fantasy setting, fun mechanics and just a general good time, then this is the game for you.The negatives, if even worth mentioning, are the somewhat fiddly steering mechanics of the two brothers. I would, as do the game developers, recommend a controller. With that said, I beat the game on my keyboard with only minor hiccups."
76561198113852838,Recommended,225080,14702729,"Posted: 28 February, 2015",all,Gretel,The story in the game is very sad ending.T-T
,Recommended,225080,13505388,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,OlavDeng2,"There isn't much to say, except that this has been one of the most emotional and engaging stories in gaming that i have ever played, i literally cried during my playthrough..."
,Recommended,225080,13493741,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Hom Tanks,"This game made me feel some type of way. Atmosphere, breathtaking visuals, amazing soundtrack and a quick harmless playthrough. The best part....you will not understand the language they speak but the story is better than most modern games!"
,Recommended,225080,13505746,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Him of Many Faces,"Absolutely beautiful story, thoughtful game concept and level design. It's less of a challenging game, but more of a story, which - albeit a little short - will make you enjoy every little bit of it. 9/10"
,Recommended,225080,13506250,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,sithlordxvi,"What a simply breath taking game.  The story and graphics are simple, but amazing.  A beautiful game that shows the connections between two siblings while on an adventure.  This is not a long or difficult game, but it is one that I strongly believe everyone should play through to the end.    It has been a long time since anything has moved me this much.  Excuse me.  I'm going to call my older brother now..."
,Recommended,225080,13509149,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,Oasis,"A Tale of Two Sons proves you don't need blood, guts, gore, crashes, explosions, bullets, guns or nudity to make an AMAZING game. If you must have those things to enjoy a game choose a different title. This game has an engaging story albeit a little straight forward plot. The brothers must work together as a team to solve puzzles and accomplish tasks although none of the puzzles is overly complicated they are not necessarily straight forward either.The BEST part of this game is the awesome graphics and engaging storyline. You want these brothers to succeed in their task of finding the cure for their dad's ailment. You'll be drawn into each scene by the beauty that surrounds you. The details truly breathtaking. If you allow yourself to become emotionally engaged in the story you may even get chocked up near the climax of the story.Two improvements are (1) I wish there was more interaction between the two brothers after successfully completing a task or navigating a tough area ... i.e.  high fives, warm embrace or celebration. This would show just how much these two brothers love each other and make the climax of the story even more powerful. The second (2) improvement would be to have decisions made in the game effect different outcomes. Right now you either get a puzzle right or interaction right or you don't proceed ... Yes = move forward with story - No = do it again until you get it right.Overall I'd give this game a 9/10 for what it is ... a 3-4 hour visually & emotionally engaging puzzle solving story. Knowing what I know now I would DEFINITELY BUY THIS GAME again!Hope this review is helpful in your decision to buy this game. Go ahead ... you won't regret it as you don't need the elements of my first sentence to enjoy a gaming title."
76561198074908076,Recommended,225080,13291246,"Posted: 8 December, 2014",all,Kwin,"Brothers a tale of two sons, is a charming game were you play as two brothers at the same time, the graphics are beautiful and the story is brilliant. the puzzles arent to hard, but thats not a bad thing, we all hate those puzzles that we are stuck on for hours on end. the simplicity of this game makes it a good one gor new gamers, but its worth having a go eve if your an experienced gamer for the journey."
76561198056666613,Recommended,225080,10795718,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Hoix,"Really immersive game, one of the only games that made me care about the characters."
,Recommended,225080,13673576,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Chonono,"Really nice game. I just played the whole game in one swing and I must say I was really charmed by it. So I'm doing some little, simple review.Positive:° The aesthetics of this game are amazing (general)° Incredible visuals and astonishing animations° The music fits the correspoing scenes perfectly and the sound effects are nice too° Some nice little details like the achievements and game mechanicsNegative:° The voice acting and scripting aren't so nice° There are some visual glitches every now and then (no gameplay interruption)° The plot is very simple and uninteresting (mainly unimportant as the game concentrates on its art)Neutral° The game controls may be confusing° The game lacks (understandable) dialog and big explanations° The gameplay isn't challenging or difficult, it mainly help making the story interactive° There are some crude scenes, so not really children-friendly"
76561198040597375,Recommended,225080,13673620,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Fingolfin,"A small diamond!Captivative atmosphere, simple gameplay and heartbraking story!Small duration, majority finishes in 3 hours,  very easy ""riddles"" that keep the game moving, as this must be seen mostly as a story telling or a movie that you play in it and not a puzzle game."
,Recommended,225080,13674457,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Quetzalcoatl,"(My first review, so be forgiving)I give this game a honest 10/10.and for 2,50€ it's almost a joke, everyone should play this game, even if such games maybe don't appeal to some people.This is, perhaps, the best adventure game there is at the moment.I never encountered a game like this.It doesn't have gameplay features like, subtitles, a health bar or any HUD really and this is something what makes this game to very very very very perfect.The music, the landscapes are breathtaking and the story...well, play it.It's hard after so many games set in a fantasy world before to find any landscapes or levels, that are really new or unique, but this one is full of it.It has everything, action, spookyness, fun, feelings and even some very very dark moments which strike hard.I played Iko and Shadow of the Collosus before and as game as a whole, this little game here is better.In my opinion at least.I tried hard to think of anything negative about this game really, but there isn't. The controls are unusual, but not ""bad unusual"", you just need some time to get used to them. And they couldn't have been any better, since they are perhaps, the most important gameplay feature of this game.Welp, enough praising this game.Fooping buy it already.You get 10 metric tons of entertainment for less than 3 measly euros.And even for 15€ I'd buy it, now that I know how freaking good it is."
,Recommended,225080,13672981,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,rusinamunkki,Absolute fantastic. So awesome that it is even hard to find words. Without a doubt one of the best games I have ever played.
,Recommended,225080,13673256,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,JawZ,"I got this game for just over £1 in the sale and for that price is was absolutely worth it.It presents itself as a game that is very short and very sweet. I finished it in just under 4 hours with all the achievements. Asuming there is no sale, you will have to question whether you are willing to spend £11 on a very short game. The story and graphics are beautiful and the only other thing that has stuck me emotionally in a game is the Walking Dead. Prepare to pay for quality (in abundance) and not quantity.I loved every second of the game. The camera angle was always focused on the boys one way or another ; you knew what was happening at every second. It suprised me how such simple controls (1 stick big bro, 1 stick lil bro-1 trigger big bro, 1 trigger lil bro) could actually be used in a range of puzzles and multiple scenarios.There isn't too much in the scheme of negatives, but heres a few:-Missable achievements. I HATE them.-The game displays itself as a sort of puzzler. I found the 'thinking' part of the game far too easy and I never got stuck on anything (not to toot my own horn). The average person will not have to think much. It seems the game wants to show off visuals rather than give us puzzles.-In a few instances the boys interacting with some objects was glitched (not holding handles in the hand properly) but that is minor.-Too short (obviously)-You need a controller to play which is fine and works but you are limiting your market audience. Just introduce big bro as WASD and little bro as arrow keys with the mouse to turn the camera. Its suprising how many people don't have a controller.In conclusion-if you are looking for a lot of content and lots of replay value, spend your £10 on Borderlands 2 and put in 100s of hrs. If you looking for a memorable, mesmerising gaming experience with beautiful visuals and you have a controller then buy it and put in 3-5 hours. I VERY MUCH RECOMMEND you do not rush the game. Take every second in and experience at the game. I've finished and I don't intend to play it again for a long, long time because I know the story. I don't see why I would want to restart.While it is on sale for a few pounds, BUY IY!Come on people it's pocket change we're talking!"
,Recommended,225080,13671547,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Maifu ︻╦╤─,A really good (sad) story. CUTE ANIMALS. Nice graphics. Easy 100%.(Doesn't require a controller to play despite what the store page says.)
,Recommended,225080,8377888,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Jimmo,"This game is absolutely amazing, just simply amazing. Please, please but this right now :)"
,Recommended,225080,8432889,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,UpInFlam3z,"This was one of the greatest, most artistic single-player games I've played in years!!!  This puzzle-based navigational adventure will leave you in absolute awe, and I especially recommend this to people who were fans of the Playstation 2 title, ""ICO. I can't remember the last time I was absolutely blown away by a game that consisted of great gameplay, an original storyline and setting, and a mesmerizing musical score. Most importantly, it plays so damn smoothly. The only thing I wasn't happy with was the incredibly short length of this brilliant, unique masterpiece, and I suppose it was a bit too easy of a game as well. With that said, definitely pick this up while it's on sale! Also, make sure you have a USB controller with dual analog sticks, as it is required to play this game."
,Recommended,225080,10851602,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Tim The Enchanter,"I can't tell you how great this game is. Let the game do it for you. Second game that has ever given me such a strong, emotional response (the first being To The Moon). BUY THIS GAME. Just make sure you have a controller. It's possible to play with mouse + keyboard, but it's built around the controller."
,Recommended,225080,13877442,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,David,Right in the feels
76561198045405448,Recommended,225080,13884939,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,DrStrangelov1985,"This is the proof that games can be more than mere ""games"". B:ATTS  is precisely that, a tale, a tale that, unlike reading a book or watching a movie, you can experience yourself. You quickly feel invested with the main characters and grasp the innovative control mechanics, that allow you to control both brothers at once in a very fluid way. The game is beautiful with a very artistic façade, at times gorgeous. The plot is both heartwarming and heartbreaking, but you need to experience it yourself."
,Recommended,225080,13188414,"Posted: 1 December, 2014",all,Rocketsatdawn,It's a good game and the story is lovely. The game mechanices are well thought out and the visual style is pretty and unique although the game is farily short. It's not a complaint though. I dont have a problem with short games if they can justify it. This game is well worth a tenner. Its a lovely experience.
,Recommended,225080,14279833,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,Fishmozis10,"This is a beautiful game, made me feel like a child again.It is only short and all fairly simple gameplay wise, but the world is absolutely stunning and it just instils in you a sense of wonder and awe.  Plus by the end its all aboard the feels train also.Superb littel game well worth a playthrough.  Good dexterity test if you play it solo also!"
,Recommended,225080,14178489,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Sandman Fu,"Do not trust beautiful women,especially kiss you the first day she meet you."
,Recommended,225080,13680008,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,civisterra,This game made me cry two times in a single playthrough. 11/10 would cry again.
,Recommended,225080,15261331,"Posted: 8 April, 2015",all,Vampire_DKC,If I would say this was a great game I would not do it justice.It is a wonderfull piece of interactive art that really moved me.The visuals are beutifull.The gameplay is new as you have to control two persons with one controller.And the story is something that really gets to you.
76561197985535317,Recommended,225080,14183539,"Posted: 26 January, 2015",all,Auron,"A short but very beautiful game. And despite the fact that there is no (understandable) dialog, it tells a marvelous tale."
,Recommended,225080,7498605,"Posted: 27 October, 2013",all,PlayingKarrde,"Game of the year. Don't read about it, just play it."
,Recommended,225080,14953990,"Posted: 18 March, 2015",all,{FITH}™ Dr. Wolfman {FC},"Incredible game with amazing visuals, gameplay, and music. Lots of feels. I recommend this game for all my friends who like adventure/puzzle style games."
76561198030186387,Recommended,225080,15228883,"Posted: 5 April, 2015",all,Jean Guy,Good game. Bummer ending.
,Recommended,225080,13047187,"Posted: 22 November, 2014",all,Supreme Disillusionment,"TL;DR, play it!The GoodInnovative: The core mechanic of controlling two characters simultaneously with a single gamepad is something I've never seen before, and it works great!  More than that, Brothers is an adventure that takes place across unique and unexpected set pieces.  I was constantly surprised and delighted at what I found every time I turned a corner.Controls: Though I would often lose track of which thumb controlled which character, as a whole, the gameplay is incredibly intutive.Story: Brothers masterfully tells a beautiful narrative.  It's short and sweet, it's thrilling, and it's got a lot of heart!Art: It's pretty and I like colors.The BadThere was this one musical motif they kept playing where the vocalist was all, ""Eeeeeeee heeeeeee,"" and it was annoying.I wish the game had a keyboard mapping so more people could play it, because you should totally play it!"
76561198049188699,Recommended,225080,15427376,"Posted: 18 April, 2015",all,Nikolaus I,"Great game, perfect lenght and great ending. A def buy on a sale!"
76561198088271942,Recommended,225080,15121939,"Posted: 30 March, 2015",all,Operator,"This game is a modern-times masterpiece. Extremely touching story about two brothers that must go on a journey to save their sick dad. The story is great but the music and the environments made this one of my top #5 games of my life. I cant wait for the creators new studio to release another masterpiece!Though I warn you - if you're sensitive you will find this game very, very sad...10/10 - at least"
,Recommended,225080,11787266,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Mike³,"A heartfelt adventure that crosses into multiple landscapes, each unique."
76561197992907131,Recommended,225080,7588566,"Posted: 6 November, 2013",all,Vonjose,"Hay una serie de tareas que todo ser humano debe hacer antes de morir, y jugar Brothers es una de ellas.Precioso, dulce, con encanto y una de las mejores BSO que he escuchado en toda mi vida en los momentos cumbre del juego.Felicidades Starbreeze Studio!"
76561197981997501,Recommended,225080,16380224,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Sola,Would highly recommend this game for a beautiful story and relationship between siblings...the unique gameplay and amazing set pieces are simply wonderful.
,Recommended,225080,10821451,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Positive Vibes,"You would do yourself a favor not to look at any in depth reviews of the game. Just know that it's amazing, it's generally cheap, and you need to play it."
76561197971007652,Recommended,225080,7326725,"Posted: 6 October, 2013",all,Saigrim,"Seriously, guys! You owe it to yourself to play this game if you consider yourself a gamer. One of the most unique games I have ever played, and definitely worth the $15."
,Recommended,225080,16318213,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,lizrestart,"A very good game, I loved that you had to control both brothers at the same time. Beautiful graphics to match the emotional story, I honestly shed some small tears. However, the game is somewhat short.Very enjoyable, but I really recommend to get it on sale, not sure if full price is really worth it.I think 8/10 would do, I wish there were more co-op single-player games like this one."
,Recommended,225080,8810978,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,Vehmeriino,"The game is an experiment that mostly works. It's NOT a Game of the Year candidate or an amazingly memorable tale like some critics would have you believe. I went in eyes blinded with hype, and came back surprisingly underwhelmed.It's a good game, don't get me wrong, but some people make it out to be something much more that it in truth is. Brothers: A Tale of Two Sons has a lot in common with this other game called Gone Home in fact. Both were released in the same year, both were hyped to kingdom come upon release, both are about 2 hours long and both leave you somewhat satisfied, but also disappointed that the game is unable to carry the large amounts of hype it received.But what about all the praise it received? Am I bashing this highly rated game just to sound edgy? No. I personally could not connect much with the story or characters because of the lack of dialogue. At no point I also became accustomed to the weird controls of the game. I was playing with a gamepad as was recommended, but from start to finish it was very hard and at points frustrating to move the main characters. I didn't die because of the controls though, because the game rarely even lets you fail. It's pretty straightforward from point A to point B running, but the controls are a constant hindrance.I know it is the point of the game that there's no understandable dialogue between the characters and the controls are supposed to be hard to grasp. It doesn't still make it OK even if it was designed that way, because it annoyed me as a player of the game personally.In conclusion it still gets a recommendation, but I had very mixed feelings about the game."
76561198042303531,Recommended,225080,10824213,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Col. Carrillo,"At first I thought the controls were insane and that such a mechanic could never work, but after probably 10 minutes of playing I found it to be relateivly easy to control the two brothers simultaneously and discovered 'Brothers - A Tale of Two Sons' to be one of the most enriching and emotional puzzle games I have ever played. I laughed, I wept, and I wept some more (seriously dude, this (insert slang for fecal matter) is emotional). The sound track pairs perfectly with the amazing Nordic environment in which this great tale plays out in. My only quarrel is that it was short, as I was left wanting more and more. An amazing game, recommend blazing it before playing. 4/5 waffle irons.p.s. My favourite part was when you ride the goats."
,Recommended,225080,11364463,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Patryk Patryk,"Liek if u cry everytim.Nah, seriously, I was crying like a baby when i have ended game. Brothers - A Tale of Two Sons is quite short, but money I spent on that game were well spent money. 9 crybabies out of 10."
76561198170667375,Recommended,225080,13896799,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,Kai,"I played this game with an xbox controller so this is how I am reviewing it. It was really interesting and challenging to control both of the brothers at the same time. One half of the control controlled the younger brother and the other half controlled the older brother. The controls, however, weren't difficult to understand since only the 2 scroll buttons and the triggers are used.Past the controllers, there was absolutely no dialogue which kind of threw me off at first, but once I played a bit more, I realized the game didn't need dialogue. The story was pretty straight forward, however twisty it DOES get at the end, and it gives you exactly what you need as you go through it.The graphics and artwork in this game are absolutely astounding. I'd play this game over and over again just so I could get a look at the scenery. There are little benches all over so if you see them, PLEASE sit down and scroll around you really will not regret it, it's amazing.The story isn't very long, but it still makes you feel very attached to the characters. This is much more like a visual story game than anything, even though you control the brothers, because there is only one ending but the story is so interesting that it's worth it.I didn't really find anything I disliked about the game. I mean, yes, it was a bit difficult to control both of the brothers at the same time, but I think that added to the interest level. I feel like if I was only playing one of the brothers, it wouldn't have been so imersive. This also made me feel connected to the two brothers because I was able to see how most of the things you needed to do, came with the reliance of the two brothers. You wouldn't have been able to finish the story if you didn't have both of them..."
,Recommended,225080,8460696,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,VGT,"Really enjoyed it. Quite simple but very addictive story, many great looking environments (I was sitting on every bench I encountered just to take a look at beautiful view).But biggest and most surprising element of the game for me was, how controller is used to tell the story. It's hard to explain without spoiling the game for you, so I won't even try it. You have to trust me on that ;)To fully experience this game it is important to play it yourself. Don't try to watch ""let's play"" of it. You won't experience it the way you should. Just make sure no one will disturb you, start playing it  and enjoy it. :)One thing I would suggest to consider before buying it, is how much you're willing to pay for it. It's between 2.5 and 3 hours of gameplay, so best way is to decide, how much 2-3 hours of having fun is worth for you. If you're willing to pay full price - great. If you prefer to pay a little less, that's OK too. Just wait for discount in that case and get it then."
76561198018807904,Recommended,225080,11789589,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Fredrick Falcon,Brothers has motivated me to write my first review on steam. This game is truly a piece of art that provides a deeply moving human experience.9/10ProsVisually spectacular.- Not pushing any graphical boundaries but each landscape is masterfully thought our and I found myself just wanting to stop and stare at the artMost unique game mechanic I've experience in years- I thoroughly enjoyed a fresh spin on game play. Controlling the two brothers independently was an enjoyable challenge.- Most emotionally stirring use of a game mechanic I've ever experienced.Amazing Story Telling without understandable language- The game does not have one word of English and does not have subtitles but it works.- Distinct characters with a clear identity.- Perhaps the most moving ending I've experience in a game.ConsGame play doesn't push boundaries enough.- Game was fresh but the new mechanic could have been pushed a bit further. ( I hope other people take up the format to take is even father.)Short- I'm not sure if this is a con.
,Recommended,225080,8468822,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Sojourn,"It's been a while since I bothered commending a game but this has been a real pleasure to play from start to finish. I bought it because a friend had said they'd enjoyed it and the graphics looked welcoming and fresh. It was, however, the story and gameplay that captured me. The idea of using one controller to move and interact with two characters was fascinating and fun - I had to think a little more when it came to movement as puzzles which I really liked. The story though was love;y. Simple, yet deeply touching. I finished the game on New Year's Day and shed a tear in its subtle yet moving telling. I woulc recommend this story to anyone who wants to play something new and different. It doesn't take long to finish but the environment and pace of the story makes it all very worthwhile."
,Recommended,225080,8654148,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,milky bear,"A beautiful, simple, yet emotional experience. This game was extremely fun to play. The world designs were beautiful, the unique gameplay really immersed my brother and I in the game so much that by the time we finished it we were like ""...f**k this game."" Because it really does wreck you. Everyone should give this game a try."
,Recommended,225080,28691321,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,Ember,"This is a wonderful immersive game. Don't expect spectacular gameplay, but the story and atmosphere definitely make up for it.The game isn't very long, it took me about 3 hours to complete and another 1,5h to complete the achievements in a second run.I would recommend using a controller playing this game (I used a XBOX 360 controller, which worked great)."
76561198031273221,Recommended,225080,13172606,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,Sheepscuit,"Bought cheap on sale and was very happily surprised.It's not a challenge and it's not something that's replayable or has long term goals/progression.BUT for a couple of quid it'll give you 4/5 hours of enjoyable fun, following the story of the two brothers.The unique feeling however comes from the different way it portrays that story. You control both brothers at the same time but only have movement and 1 interact button each and follow a linear but not exactly 2d setting through the world. There are lots of fun puzzles to complete and a well  told story through cutscenes.Like I said it's not going to give you months of play time but it's novel, unique and down right entertaining, definitely money's worth."
76561198109893422,Recommended,225080,13849376,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Cowboy,you wanna go on a feels trip? this game takes you on a feel trip.
,Recommended,225080,26638766,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,♥ﺏﺮﻋ♥ bobby,العبة خورافة  لازم تلعبهاالقصة جميلة معبرة بعدانا ما اعرف وش قصت العاب الفنانين انوا لازم في شثث اقطعها و اقتلها اكثر من هي ميتهناقصها التصوير يتحسن لو سوا للعبة اعادة تصنيع لتصوير احسن بكون اول من يشتريهادمعت بسببها فاااا مرررة العبة تحرك العواطف :$8\10 :$
,Recommended,225080,13840603,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,Bungison,"It's good, I guess. The mechanics are unique, the graphics are stunning and audio in general is alright. Not sure about the whole ""touching story"" thing. Maybe I am a heartless monster, but I didn't feel anything during the playthrough. The game is pretty short too, but it's fine.7.5/10"
,Recommended,225080,8439753,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,KawaiiFox,"The game mechanics are interesting, because you controll two separate brothers at the same time. Using this, your task is to solve various puzzles which involve various platforming activities. The difficulty in this game comes from handling the two brothers, and the puzzles and platforming elements are not too hard to figure out, but requires some execution.With that out of the way, Brothers delivers a great experience with a beautiful world, an engaging story and an amazing atmosphere. The two brothers have different characteristics which can be noticed while interacting with objects and people, and even though there is no dialouge the character development is good.The story has a basic premise, your father is sick and you embark on an adventure to acquire medicine for him. Not the most complex story, but the atmosphere and the world delivers a great emotional experience.This game has interesting game mechanics, a great atmosphere and is an experience I encourage everyone to take part of."
,Recommended,225080,13247680,"Posted: 5 December, 2014",all,Je Suis le Duck,"I love this game. From the very beginning it grabs a hold and doesn't let go. It delivers a complete package that won't disappoint those whole love story driven, fantasy and adventure games.It has uniqueness all over. From the game play and the story to the visuals and art style. This game has it all and then some. Play this game.One of my favorite games. 10/10"
,Recommended,225080,11128929,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Magnitude,"A riveting experience, though it is a rather short one. I finished the game in about 3 hours, but I did not thoroughly investigate all of the areas, so some might get an extra hour out of it. While the game isn't difficult, I don't think that's the point of it. Rather, the fun part of the game is experiencing the absolutely wonderful world that the developers have crafted. The variety and creativity of the locales that you visit is stunning. Although the character models look slightly jarring in their quality, the world itself is well-textured and modeled. Lastly, it's a pretty emotional experience that really hits home, as the  game's story really gets you invested in the two brothers."
,Recommended,225080,10463745,"Posted: 13 June, 2014",all,Cazdon,This is a perfect lodstar as to where video game story telling should go.
76561197991844698,Recommended,225080,8736701,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Gliitch,"Pretty simple puzzle game...on the surface. In actuality it can be pretty complicated trying to control both of the Brothers at once. The story is the same way. Pretty simple on the surface, but incredibly powerful. It'll hit you in the feels for sure. It did for me, multiple times. Beautiful game, too, both visually and musically.  Give it a try, it's cheap and only a few hours long. Incredibly worth it though. One of the best games I've played in a long time."
,Recommended,225080,13654744,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,The Mighty NSA,"When I got this game I was sceptical. The main reason I got it was it was £1.09 and TotalBiscuit spoke so highly of it, but I still had doubts of how good it was... Boy do I look like an idiot... This may be one of the best games I have ever played. If you do not own this game, buy it now. If you already own this game. buy it again."
,Recommended,225080,8764033,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,TheReaper,"If anyone wanted proof that video games can be a work of art, there are few better examples, if any."
,Recommended,225080,25442556,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,Hem,"A very pretty, very smooth and simple adventure game.Gameplay is interesting: you control the two brothers at the same time, with one controller. Not revolutionnary but pleasant, with a few puzzles out of the ordinary.The story is pretty, not particularly cliché, just fine. Aside from that, the game is very short (very) and quite easy. Anyone should be able to finish the game in less than 5 hours I think. An evening should suffice, even on a couch, swap the controller between players/audience! (wife, friends)All in all, it is a very short but xtremely pretty game, with a pleasant gameplay for a few hours of nice fantasy movie-like gaming, that's it. If you accept that and do not expect more, I do recommend this game!"
,Recommended,225080,10811938,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,satsun,"Fairly easy puzzle game with some nice visuals, audio is also nice but could have been better if environmental effects were more heavily used and distributed to surround speakers. This isn't the kind of puzzle game that'll break your brain, I guess the most challenging part is controlling two players simultenously, which is done using both thumbsticks on a gamepad. I completed the game in around three hours."
76561198025375850,Recommended,225080,8639457,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,itsNej,"I got this and played it with my girlfriend, both using the same keyboard. Its fairly short (maybe 4 hours) but with breaks its a really cool way to spend an evening.Very well made.Looks great.Some nice level design.Reward good games and buy it."
76561198035373358,Recommended,225080,13871626,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,SciSan,One of the best adventure games ever. Remarkable visuals and soundtrack that stem from imaginative level design and clever pacing.
,Recommended,225080,17468154,"Posted: 9 August, 2015",all,Missing-Nin,One of the best indie adventure game I ever played! I reccomend this to everyone! 10/10
,Recommended,225080,12032636,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,About47Pandas,"Short game, but really touching.They speak Sim talk. The feels are still there.10/10 would let troll throw me again."
,Recommended,225080,12020672,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,Frogs.,This game is a really fun puzzle adventure game with a good story. Definetely worth the buy.
,Recommended,225080,12004180,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,Scissors61,"An emotional story, told without words.OK, so this isn't newest and hippest game in the market. But it should be a game played by everyone with the means to do so. Even if you aren't a 'Gamer'. Its such a great and heartfelt experience. Seriously, go and play it. Its downloadable on PC, PSN and XBOX Live.I finally got around to this gem after spending months going through my backlog of games. I am disappointed in myself for waiting so long to play it now.The controls are very awkward, but simple. A controller is more or less a must for this game, as you control one brother with stick and another brother with the other stick. Trigger buttons to interact with the environment and shoulder buttons for camera rotations. That it! Simple. You will immediately think that the game will be boring with such limited controls, but you would be wrong. The level design and mechanics of the game turn the simple controls into a story of its own. The artwork is breathtaking. The game is one of the most gorgeous around. And that story...﻿"
76561198008259826,Recommended,225080,12019369,"Posted: 7 September, 2014",all,TheDog,"wow! i went into this game expecting something way, way different and was surprised by how it took some pretty nice turns. i expected a good story and got something way better than good. the story is movie quality to be honest and i would enjoy watching it if it was to ever make it that far. i highly recommend this to anybody and i wont give much away story wise.YOU DO NOT NEED A CONTROLLER TO PLAY THIS! i just beat the entire game using just a keyboard, a little coordination and you will be fine. gameplay mechanics are very well made and the puzzles you go through are pretty neat too. they change up a lot throughout the game so it keeps your mind engaged.i hope to see more from the creators of this game.great, great game!"
76561198064045386,Recommended,225080,11797227,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,n.kubbutat,"Beautiful Landscapes, innovative Gameplay and a emotionally touching Story.Would Buy"
,Recommended,225080,11793037,"Posted: 20 August, 2014",all,Dread,"Wow.  BAM, straight into my personal top 10.   No review can do this game justice.   The score, the story, the gameplay, the artistic direction is simply amazing.A must have."
76561198069591068,Recommended,225080,8516564,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,Tribe,Amazing game. A wonderful experience.
,Recommended,225080,11737785,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Sverd [ITA],"It's a pretty nice game, I personally loved the mechanics (the way you control the two brothers together). The biggest sownside of this game is that it last just 3-4 hours. I bought it at steam sale for €3 more or less which is a worth price for a game like this, but i think that €15 it's a bit too expansive."
,Recommended,225080,10840411,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,BeatBox917,Literally the best game I've played in 2014. I cried.  A memorable experience I won't soon forget.
,Recommended,225080,10836180,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Shizuma,Beautiful.
,Recommended,225080,8391001,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Wraeuk,This is easily one of the most beautiful games I've played... ever.
,Recommended,225080,7872079,"Posted: 1 December, 2013",all,Bloody Pizza,"Really enjoyed it, recommending to everyone who hasn't played it and has a controller. It's quite short, only takes around 3 hours to finish."
76561198001091097,Recommended,225080,10699812,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,archaon_archi,"A must have, great story, gorgeus graphics and the best part, a fun gameplay. You can play with keyboard but it's easyer and better with a pad."
76561198045775910,Recommended,225080,10803561,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Falxington,"So Scandinavian, I'm surprised lihapyorykoita didn't start raining down on me."
,Recommended,225080,10815758,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Tibblewinkles,"A beautiful story where game mechanics takes a turn to reveal both character development and the progression of the story. Sometimes you explore, sometimes the game warns you. Sometimes the game forces you to both do things you do not want to, and things will eventually dawn on you.A controller is absolutely necessary for this game. In fact, I dare to say that the entire game (even the storytelling) will be ruined if you play it via mouse + keyboard (if it's possible for that matter)."
,Recommended,225080,10804838,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Vizier,BUY! BUY! BUY! BUY! BUY! <3 simply amazing.
76561197970830306,Recommended,225080,10826313,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Winterfall,"This is one of the most beautiful games I have ever played. The story, rendered without dialog, nonetheless conveys deep impact and emotional heft. The puzzles are rarely particularly challenging, but the investment in the characters and fantastic artwork make it well worth the time. Without giving away the ending, this game defied expectations and I found the ending--particularly the solution to the last couple of puzzles--to be deeply moving. I am really imnpressed by this one."
76561198147972121,Recommended,225080,23939259,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,salientsomebody,"This is probably the only game to ever both make me smile wider than the pacific ocean and also turn my eyes into the great lakes. The closest competetor that I've played is The Last of Us. The graphics might not have the most high-res, but just look at the world and you will be blown away. The soundrack fits every moment it is used and simply elevated whatever feeling was present. You don't need english in this game, because the story is told through the game mechanics. The gameplay is not repetitive whatsoever, there are constantly new mechanics introduced that fully take atvantage of the coop structure. Not ever have I experienced such a harmonic integration of gameplay and story, which is what makes you feel emotional. If you don't have this game, get it and play it. You will have no regrets."
,Recommended,225080,23911305,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Biodynamic,"This game is awesome. Touching, short and sweet! I havea small attention span that rarely spans over 8 hours, and this fit that nicely. Very emotional game, very beautiful story. Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,225080,23914177,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,tristanljesse,"Great game, I thought I was coming in to a nice light story but BAM it does hit you! Really worth a play through for everybody."
,Recommended,225080,23915353,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Nevery Thing,"Fantastic little game. Pretty short at just over three hours play time, but utterly enthralling and highly recommended."
,Recommended,225080,23918567,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Exogenous,I was not ready for these feels.
,Recommended,225080,23921346,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Summer Millicent,Great game. Developers got it right with the short and sweet feel of this game. I've paid more for less content than this game has given me in 3 hours.10/10 would buy it to play it again.
76561198123039304,Recommended,225080,23924208,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,thehague,"For the sale price of £1.09, it's a steal. A very pretty game with decently fun (though not too challenging) puzzles. Very little replayability, but that's fine to me. It's a short 3-4 hour experience that's worth every penny."
,Recommended,225080,23745546,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,OGH,"played thru 2 times now, cried both times, game gets me evritiem ;'(10/10"
76561198147582332,Recommended,225080,23773629,"Posted: 24 June, 2016",all,L'Ankou,"The vast majority of the game serves as inconsequential (all though visually interesting) fluff designed to evoke emotional connection to the eventual kick in the balls that the game promises to deliver and deliver it does. With this understanding and the understanding that the game in it's totality is 2-3 hours, the experience delivered is worth so much more than it's asking price. A wholehearted recommendation."
,Recommended,225080,24047730,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Fluzzyy,"A touching story about two brothers, aided by stunning sceneries, amazing music and unique control mechanics made this to one of the games I enjoyed playing from the start all the way to the end. 9/10"
,Recommended,225080,24041059,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,CapAllan,"Moral of the story : Never trust girls and always listen to your younger brother!All in all, a beautiful game with epic moments spread throughout it! Got it on steam sale and didn't regret it one bit! A must play!PS : You can use a keyboard just as well as a controller."
,Recommended,225080,24064927,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,it's ya boy,"Bought this game with no prior knowledge of the storyline, just an interest in the lovely graphics and interesting single-player co-op controls.And the graphics are beautiful--the landscapes and world building are very pleasing to the eye (sometimes they glitch a bit though).The storyline is beautiful.Though it definitely made me cry. And made me physically do things within the game that no other game has made me do."
,Recommended,225080,24010467,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,brEnyEy,"This game is a masterpiece, sure visuals aren't top notch (for me it looks good the environment is breathtaking, it's like you're in there) but this game is all about story and gameplay. Worth the money and time. Go get it ASAP."
,Recommended,225080,24016821,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,NightFall,"Although it is a pretty short game (took me around 3 hours including cut scenes), it was pretty entertaining. The game pretty much goes like this: you control two brothers (simultaniously) as they go on an adventure to cure their sick father.  This may be a difficult game for someone who can't do two things at once (since you control two characters at once), although if you have a friend play the game with you, it will probably be ridiculously easy. There are some awesome visuals throughout the game and although the gameplay is very simple, it does not get boring and it isn't too easy. There are several ""puzzles"" which aren't too difficult and even a few that don't have to be completed to finish the game that add little cool things to the story.The one thing that really caught me off guard with this game is that it gets pretty dark and gory as the game goes on. I was kind of expecting a child-friendly game, which it does give off that sort of atmosphere, but then it starts throwing in lots of blood and disturbing things (rivers of blood, guy trying to hang himself, etc.).Overall, it was a fun, somewhat challenging game with really great visuals and very good (and emotional) story.I'd definitely recommend this (especially if you catch it on sale), unless you were expecting this to be a kid's game. Definitely not for kids......."
,Recommended,225080,24015770,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,VengeancE #Yin,"First of all, ""do not try to play this on a keyboard"".Go for keyboard only if you have a keyboard with anti-ghosting or n-key rollover since multiple keys are to be pressed at the same time.Now coming to the review.This game is marvelous. There were a few cons (At least for me) but the pros outweighed them and the story most of all, pretty emotional and great.Gameplay was fair, controller definitly helps but on a keyboard, its pretty hard to play it since you control both charecters at the same time.Coming to the pros :-1) Marvelous story2) Pretty emotional3) Good world interactions4) Epic scenery5) Spots to view that sceneryCons :-1) Camera angle is literally not good most of the time even after setting it through the 2 keys (Which only allow you to move it left and right without any height adjustment. Height adjustments are prebuilt and cannot be altered).2) Even though scenery was good, camera angle was not good enough most of the time. Also not enough sitting places to sit and watch the scenery.3) Probably it is me (Could be my GPU issue)  but the game appears in 4:3 ratio most of the time. I would have preferred widescreen but as i said, it could be an issue on my part.A pretty good game overall. Should you buy it ? Yes definitly. Should you buy it at full price ? NO !. Should you buy it in discounts, Hell yea.Coming to the story, story has pretty good elements, pretty normal story however, there is something in this story not there in others.This story does not hit you when you think it is supposed to hit your feels (Many people have said it i guess), however, it will hit you at a place and when it does, you will be having teary rivers running through your face (Happened with me).Game does not have an actual language (or even if it has, i dont think most of us will understand which language is that), but no need to worry, game is designed that way. You will understand each thing perfectly so do not worry about this.Spoilers below, see at your own risk :-It does not hit youWhen older brother dies.It hits you (as in my case)When their father visits the grave and then thinks all this is cause of him and cries."
76561198000756087,Recommended,225080,24116207,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,Tom,"By far the best story-telling in a game I have ever experienced. The game mechanics are simple but innovative, with the player using only 6 buttons to control both characters and the camera. At first controlling both brothers feels unusual, but by the end of the game it's second nature.A variety of landscapes are presented with incredible beauty. It's a game that will certainly provoke your emotions, with moments that are both heart-warming and heart-wrenching. It's this balance between joy and tragedy that makes the story so compelling.For a game without any intelligable dialogue, the story is told effectively thorugh more subtle means. Without revealing any spoilers, the ending of the game in particular finds a way to present an incredible depth of character development given the short length of the game, and does so directly through the game's control system. This is one of the many highlights of a very artistic and unique game, and I can't think of any other game where the player feels such an emotional connection with the story simply by pressing a button on the controller.I don't think I've ever cried playing a game before. This game however, was an exception..."
76561198005393514,Recommended,225080,24117488,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,achal,"A great game with beautiful lighting and a diversified adventure story with a lot of heart and twists and turns.With 3 hours of gametime it is unfortunately very short.Besides that, marvelous!"
,Recommended,225080,24016145,"Posted: 2 July, 2016",all,MrSpeedArt,"The unique controls feel amazing, sometimes it's a bit tricky, but it's a matter of self coordination. The game feels very fluid and it knows how to drive you the right way smoothly enough. The story itself has a very simple idea but it's very well developed. I don't know, I just liked it."
76561198145774409,Recommended,225080,24104984,"Posted: 5 July, 2016",all,H4RBING3R,"This game is and always will be, one of the best games I've ever played in my life. The graphics, atmosphere, soundtrack and storyline all merge into a cohesive whole and provide one of the most beautiful and unforgettable experiences you'll ever encounter. Worth buying."
,Recommended,225080,24161092,"Posted: 7 July, 2016",all,Nithial,"An absolutely beautiful game with a wonderful soundtrack, gameplay and story. Bought it during the summer sale for $1.49.An absolute gem. Recommended buy!"
,Recommended,225080,8495564,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,smartmarx,"Amazing game,one my favourites of all time.10/10"
,Recommended,225080,8542702,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Ac1nonyx,"Brilliant game, I'd certainly recommend it to anyone so long as they didn't mind story and art style taking precedent over gameplay mechanics. Brothers is quite short, very linear and mainly puzzle-based, and if I'm honest the puzzles weren't hard at any point.That said, the world and characters are beautifully illustrated, the soundtrack is stunningly good and the story is simple yet surprisingly powerful. This also goes for the controls, which are very simple if a little strange at first, and work well once you master them. 9/10."
76561197992550649,Recommended,225080,8473412,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Shawn,"I picked this game up due to all of the buzz around it during GOTY deliberations and I cannot recommend this enough.  When the main character's father takes ill they set off on an adventure that you must experience.  I choose that word carefully because it was an ""experience"" like none other I have had in a game.I initially didn't pick this up because hearing about the twin stick controls, one for each character, seemed like it was a poor design decision and turned me off of the game.  In reality it takes a very short time to adapt (although I found myself sometimes having to stop and think before I acted) and is important to the gameplay and story.  You will need a controller to play this game.  There are keyboard controls but you would have to be a madman to use them.Given the short nature of this game and for fear of saying too much I will leave you with this.  Please play this game."
,Recommended,225080,8395357,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,deman,"This game is great. It's pretty short, like about 3 hours, but worth every minute of it. The world is lovingly designed and detailed. The storytelling works fine, even if the characters just talk in a made up language. At first glance you may think it's a game for kids, but it's an inspiring experience for everyone."
76561197986779410,Recommended,225080,8464004,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Sir Ray Charles,"fun Game! but definitely considering playing it with someone, reminds me of those 2 player 1 keyboard multiplayer games on addicting games but with awesome graphics and environment. Recommended !!!"
,Recommended,225080,8524411,"Posted: 2 January, 2014",all,S70RM3R,"Got it in the winter sale, was a bit short but I really enjoyed this game."
,Recommended,225080,8410200,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,B_THOR,"The best blend of story telling, gameplay and deep emotional care in a videogame in a very long time. Really up there with classics such as ICO and as ireverent and original as Journey. A trully one of a kind and surely a must play for fans of this kind of genre."
,Recommended,225080,8615653,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,Thorn,I recommend it from my heart. It's really a story for grown ups.
76561198030848889,Recommended,225080,7902577,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,patatas2k1,"Excellent storytelling, one awesome 'lil game!"
,Recommended,225080,8622157,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Alyxlina,"This... is... the... best game ever! I do not kidd, this is my all-time favourite game of all time - at the very least my game of the year! I highly recommend ANYONE to play this, who ever you are, whether you are a gaming geek or someone who's never touched a game before, this is AMAZING, far better than huge, cutscene based games or violent shoot-em-ups!This game has affected me in a way I didn't think possible and a way that has never happened in ANY game before! Don't watch a let's-play of this game, DO NOT it will COMPLETELY spoil it for you. Preferably play it in one go, make sure there are no interuptions - it is a relativly short game (only 3-4 hours).I nabbed this game while it was on sale, but by the end I felt as if I should have payed the full price; there is nothing negative I can say about this game, nor is there anything I can tell you about it either! Just.., please... play Brothers: A Tale of Two Sons..."
,Recommended,225080,8635754,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Wolfie,"Feeling. Something that is the sign of an amazingly written story. It is also something that alot of games lack in recent times. There are plenty of fun, action packed triple A games out there, and a nice selection of story oriented RPGs, and the indie game market has been booming. But 'Brothers: A Tale of Two Sons' has something very unique about it. There isnt a word of english in this short little story, but it's controlls are extremely simplistic, yet unique in their own way. You control two characters simulaneously with both analogue sticks. The game itself is very short, but it has one hell of a sound track, and a suprisingly emotionally empacting story considering there is not a word of english to be found in th game. You start the game and think 'This is a little odd, and slow, not sure if I like it really.' Well, that's the though process I had at the time anyway, but giving the game a chance, I soon found myself becoming immersed in the beautiful world of 'Brothers'. And I played it in one sitting until finish. And was very suprised at how much I ended up loving the game. It's really something that you must experience yourself to fully understand the appeal, but I do highly reccomend playing this game at some point in your life!"
,Recommended,225080,8632090,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,{F-L}Steniaz,Very emotional game
76561197962463451,Recommended,225080,8643118,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Vanyr,Loved it.
,Recommended,225080,12195926,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,DawnPaladin,"This is a brilliant example of what video games are capable of. Games can tell stories and teach lessons that books and movies cannot.Tycho from Penny Arcade had it right when he said ""You feel the fraternal relationship of Brothers because you as the player are the fraternal relationship."" I've never had a brother, but I think this game taught me something about what having a brother is like."
,Recommended,225080,8435914,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,mattstartquick,"I went into this game completely blind, other than the recommendation from a YouTuber to play it for yourself before watching a Let's Play of it. The detail of the different atmospheres and the unreal dialogue is so gripping and immersive, you won't be able to stop playing. The mechanics are also surprisingly fluid and when using an Xbox controller the controls were fantastic. Will definitely be replaying this one to get more achievements and interact with more of the environments. I never knew how powerful a game without any real words could have on a player. Simply beautiful."
,Recommended,225080,3594125,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,ReD,"Pretty short (about 1:30 to complete it), but overall good. Charming environments with a few creepy moments, the gameplay is rather original and well implemented."
,Recommended,225080,8379603,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,mattlohkamp,"this is actually one of the most emotionally-engaging games I've played this year. it's short and bittersweet, the world is compelling, and you're probably going to cry a little at the end, fair warning."
76561198005791097,Recommended,225080,13108070,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,bwillatt,"Very touching game, a far way removed from your industry standard here's your gun go have fun. Not very long and great for the price pick it up in the sale. A great game to play whilst waiting for a massive game to install or if you just want a short fresh game that challenges you in a new way."
,Recommended,225080,12703593,"Posted: 30 October, 2014",all,Fiasco,"In terms of replay value, Brothers - A Tale of Two Sons is not a good buy. It's only got one main storyline with a few sub-objectives, and once that's over, that's it.However, in terms of overall worth, it is by far worth the buy at any reasonable price.The narrative of the game follows two brothers (no duh) traveling to a great tree in a far away land in order to save their sick father. While it starts off alright, with the player (namely myself) thinking ""Why exactly am I playing this game?"" That feeling actually remains for the next hour or so. However, as the story progresses and one sees more of the characters and who they are, the story gradually becomes gripping and emotional; while it is a short game (roughly 3 hours), it holds themes and motifs that are easily worthy of high quality movies, and it takes the player on a proper emotional rollercoaster that leaves him or her thinking about it afterward.The gameplay is kind of intuitive--controlling two separate characters with your analog sticks (controller only, I don't know how the keyboard works) is unique and compelling for a bit, but it wouldn't last long. Luckily, as I said before, this game is short and therefore its gameplay remains fresh throughout the first playthrough, which is a valuable component to any game. It even consistently switches things up and introduces variations of its few mechanics so that by the end of it, the player doesn't feel bored or underwhelmed.Along with the side quests and absolutely beautiful world design, this game is a must-buy. I can't recommend it enough if you have a couple of hours to spend."
,Recommended,225080,22357834,"Posted: 11 April, 2016",all,Green Seagull,Me and my brother just bought this game just because it was about brotherhood. It truly represents the bond between brothers. The Bond that can't be broken.
,Recommended,225080,24312386,"Posted: 14 July, 2016",all,AGIRISIR,"If you got a friend, girlfriend, or a brother get hold of him and START PLAYING!As said by others, this is not a game it is an emotional journey.Time to time you feel the bonding, there are few moments where you can see smile on each other's face.Amazing visuals, very creatively designed  immersive environments.There are few drawbacks if you want my 2 cents on them- This game doesn't support cloud sync (you have to carry the save files, if you wish to continue the game on another PC)- This game doesn't support 2 controllers at once, but I found new issue while using one controller and keyboard9/10"
,Recommended,225080,13173509,"Posted: 30 November, 2014",all,thelegend27,"Brothers - A Tale of Two Sons 7/10It's a short game. You basically need a dual analog stick controller in order to play it. However, it tells a beautiful story. The graphics and art style are really good, and add to the game's natural beauty. There's not a whole lot of replayabilitly outside of doing achievements.I'd say pick it up when it's on sale, it's a really good game."
,Recommended,225080,14732703,"Posted: 2 March, 2015",all,DethDemono,Amazing but one of the more depressing games I've ever played... Beautiful in so many ways.
76561198006568104,Recommended,225080,14735748,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,Morgoth,"As a blond, younger brother who is not the strongest swimmer, I couldn't see the last 10-15 minutes through all the tears."
,Recommended,225080,13656067,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,Dibrorens,This is the kind of games that would make my ex have feelings.Dat music thou... :')
76561198079770558,Recommended,225080,10923637,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Storymancer,"I cried. I cried a lot.Granted most sad games make me cry, so that is not reallyy saying a lot. But this game hit my on a whole other emotional level. The bond between two characters has never been more beautifully done, especially with a complete lack of comprehendable dialogue. It really is an incredibly beautiful game.Buy it, and feel the feels."
,Recommended,225080,13874059,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,Zgokee,Great story overall. The gameplay is very easy and just straight walking through though and is also a bit short. I finished the game in three hours. Would recommend it for a quick story game.
,Recommended,225080,14131687,"Posted: 23 January, 2015",all,Omar3li,لعبة رائعةالمناظر فيها متنوعة وتفتح النفسوبعض الأحداث باللعبة فاجئتني وماتوقعتهاالجيمبلاي يدوخك شوي بس حلوأشوف إن عمر اللعبة جيد مب طويل ولا قصير مرةعلى العموم تجربة جميلة ومختلفة  أنصح بها9/10
76561197966369811,Recommended,225080,11645769,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Player433,I've never seen a game avoid cliche moments like this.  The game is building for the ending that completely caught me off guard.
,Recommended,225080,10784236,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,ColonelSanders21,"Fantastic game. Uses the controller perfectly to move the story along and attaches you to the characters. Although predictable at parts, this game is the equivalent of Journey for PC. Pick it up, especially at that price."
,Recommended,225080,11632367,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,brendier,This game scores an 11 out of 10. Played it with my partner and we both cried. Please make more of these (coöp) games.
76561198047815272,Recommended,225080,11632842,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,moody31415,"Short, but beautiful game. Great story."
76561198063900259,Recommended,225080,11648916,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,squbber22,"this game was amazing. i played it with my real life older brother, i controlled little brother and he controlled big big brother. We were both suprized by the end and it was an incredible journey. I would definitely recomend this game, and if you have one you should play it with your brother. it was a great bonding experience for my brother and i."
,Recommended,225080,11629157,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,stunfish,A tale of two-hand coordination.
,Recommended,225080,11666125,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,✪ HollowPoints,dem feels ;(
,Recommended,225080,11646300,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Davidonabus,"Superb!  Art, Story, Lighting!"
76561198114669080,Recommended,225080,11673783,"Posted: 12 August, 2014",all,Medusa ~,"I cannot even begin to describe how gorgeous this game is. From the artwork to the storytelling, it was definitely a memorable play through. A short game but very emotional and well worth the effort."
,Recommended,225080,11665336,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,markowschky,The mood of this dual stick adventure puzzler makes it truly exceptional. You absolutely have to have a controller to play the game - but the 3 or 4 hours it lasts to play through it warrants the purchase of a controller if you don´t already have one. You do not have too many choices during the game but it is not the point here. This game has some of the most emotional moments crafted through game controls and game design I´ve ever experienced. And I´m definitely going to play through the game a second time to hopefully alter some of the story details - and to collect the achievements.
,Recommended,225080,11632233,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Tabulation,"Short but good. Can't imagine playing without a controller, not even sure if it will let you, but take on this challenge with a keyboard if you dare. Emotional story squeezed into a 3 hour game with no English words used (think it was a made up language). Enjoy!"
,Recommended,225080,13110683,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Shmoby,"Take notes, every other Triple-A developer out there.I loved Brothers, a lot. Its beautiful world, wonderful lighting, smart gameplay, incredible story, and a soundtrack that makes your ears believe that they are not worthy to listen to it, mix to create one of my most memorable experiences in gaming, ever.As of now, it's $3, so you could either buy this or an overrated Starbucks drink.Just buy it already, you won't regret it."
,Recommended,225080,8678913,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,THM,**SPOILER**A tale of the woes of women. A murdering young boy teams up with his adopted brother to save the day. Ultimately undone by a supernatural woman who stabs them right in the feels.Overall a great game with stunning visuals and solid gameplay.TLDR: Brother good. Women bad. Buy it.
,Recommended,225080,10890202,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Seán,"Simple, brilliant game"
76561198094690957,Recommended,225080,32519108,Posted: 17 June,all,{o.W.n} The Exiled Paladin,"One of the best games I have played to this day. It was amazing with great art, story, and a beautiful ending. Love it."
,Recommended,225080,8905034,"Posted: 29 January, 2014",all,Hypnochode,"So many feels, buy it."
,Recommended,225080,19352186,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Solced,"One of the most beautiful games i´ve ever experienced.The details, the mood, the exploration and on top of that the unique graphics and gameplay are so right.Of course you can say it´s linear and because of that there are not much to explore.Also the puzzles are easy etc.etc.I say, compared to any other game, yes.If you enjoy Brothers - A Tale of Two Sons for what it is, it´s perfect. (in my humble opinion)I never felt so right with the enviroment and design of a game.And this is because i gave this game the chance to be what it want to be.A unique, memorable experience.Sometimes the enviroment is so great that i felt like i can explore everything around me.For the next game of the developers i´d like to have the chance to explore the world, which surrounds me, a bit more.Take your time and enjoy every step you take and you will fall in love with this Gem.I wish FF VII could look that great."
,Recommended,225080,32631033,Posted: 21 June,all,cornFlowerBlue,i cried
76561198088733476,Recommended,225080,33191357,Posted: 3 July,all,Draconian,"Every bit of praise you heard about this game is justified.10/10, would cry again."
,Recommended,225080,8560318,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Maelkstrom,"If you have a boner for Nordic atmosphere and aren't ashamed of playing with yourself, ""Brothers - A Tale of Two Sons"" is the perfect game for you!"
,Recommended,225080,4413827,"Posted: 9 September, 2013",all,Sparky,"If you love Journey, you will get a blast (and tears) with Brothers."
76561198044412368,Recommended,225080,9683246,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Timbah,Flipping fantastic.
76561197981845118,Recommended,225080,9236066,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Ozzh3D,"Great game! Gave me a sense of wonder similar to when I played Braid. It's really linear, but that's what makes it so great. It's a well directed experience that I will definitely replay. And it gives you even more reason to hate spiders... You'll see what I mean. Play it! Play it NOW!"
,Recommended,225080,8892210,"Posted: 28 January, 2014",all,Naru,"This game was three hours of pure magic and I will definitely replay it at some point.The graphics are gorgeous and the gameplay is really simple but very entertaining and the storytelling is amazing.If you own a controller, you should absolutely get the game.It's a 10 out of 10."
,Recommended,225080,11057508,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,ROBBIEROB (tGTRIBE),At the end when he lost his brother - I got something in my eye..........
,Recommended,225080,11810103,"Posted: 21 August, 2014",all,Mackerel and Blueberries,8/10 would play again
,Recommended,225080,10764981,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,fetthesten,"Video games have unique narrative potential, but so few dare explore it; Brothers - A Tale of Two Sons does. Not just a beautiful game, but one which actually tells a confident, unique story with real emotional resonance, one that would not have been possible in any other medium. I give it my strongest possible recommendation."
,Recommended,225080,12236866,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,RPINerd,"I think it’s easy enough to skim through the other reviews and know that Brothers is a fresh, innovative, beautiful game with very few elements capable of being considered a flaw so instead I want to do my best to explain how it feels to play this game. Additionally, all of my game time was with a 360 pad and I cannot recommend enough that you use a controller when playing Brothers.The controls are about as straight forward as controls can be; left stick and left trigger move and interact respectively for one brother, right stick and right trigger controls the other brother. That’s it. Yet with only 4 controls this game pulls you in and makes you feel like a part of the world in a way I have not seen in a game before. I think because of the simplicity of the controls, your mind has more attention to invest in the story, the emotions and the world stretching out before you. I wish I could explain one of the most impacting moments of the story without giving any spoilers, but there comes a point late in the game where the controls change in a very deliberate way and there are not enough words on this earth to explain how heavy of an emotional impact that change made.Brothers: A Tale of Two Sons is one of the finest adventures in gaming that I’ve been on, but when you combine the game with the absolute masterpiece of a control scheme it’s no longer an adventure I played.. it’s a memory that I lived."
,Recommended,225080,8958385,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,Mr. Snuggles,"A great short-and-sweet puzzle game, centered around the concept of simultaneous control of both brothers to coordinate varying tasks.  It reminds of Portal, in that respect. However, in place of comical dialogue, it has an immersive story, despite having no understandable speech."
,Recommended,225080,8979189,"Posted: 4 February, 2014",all,Zhyn,10/10 badgers.
76561198032896617,Recommended,225080,10792087,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Kivi,Game of Thrones meets Cartoons.Loved it!
76561198027849188,Recommended,225080,10782984,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Minduin,"fantastic gameplay, touching story and a nice soundtrack.  10/10"
,Recommended,225080,10792656,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Foxes,"This was one of my 'Summer Games', at first when i played it i was confused and slightly frustrated with the controls but after about 10 minutes they were a breeze, this is a special type of game that shows that you do not need speech or a script to make a beautiful story, mixed with the music and graphics it was a beautiful game i am glad i played. the puzzles although are very easy they are also refreshing against other games of that genre.I would give this game a 8/10 for its beauty and even though it is short it is worth a play."
,Recommended,225080,10813024,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Zaido,"Amazing game, great story, great visuals! Lots of feels too :( Would recommend in a heart beat."
76561198081783772,Recommended,225080,8762509,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Ninjadude,"Brothers - A Tale of Two Sons is a game that should not be judged for its gameplay that being said the controls can really mess with your brain at points and even up until the end of the game I never really adapted to the controls.  There are some points though when the gameplay is very enjoyable and the puzzles, although never actually difficult, leave you saying ""huh, that's interesting""The real strength of this title however, is it's stunning presentation from the story to the visuals to the amazing score.  They say actions speak louder than words and that is very true in this case.  There's very little dialouge in the game and when there is, it's in a nonsensical language, but even though you can't understand what they're saying the dialouge is meant for you to hear the emotions in their voices.  It is very much an interpretive game.  My favorite part of the game however were these mini areas off the beaten path that had there own little story to tell.The graphics are stunning and there are benches scatter throughout the journey that allow you to sit and bask in the scenery.  The lighting and water physics are absolutely gorgeous and make the atmospheres of each of the areas you pass is brilliant and the stark differences between them becomes a refreshing change from the last.The music in the game is always present, which is not a bad thing considering how great it is.  Every moment and every feeling you get throughout the game is greatly intensified because of the absolutely beatiful score.Brothers - A Tale of Two Sons is an amazing experience and, although you'd only replay it to find the small side areas, should be considered a game with brilliant execution and presentation"
76561198006500485,Recommended,225080,10936805,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,tolstoy,very nice story
76561198006804460,Recommended,225080,10918109,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Dr Skeletor,"Short (6-8hrs), but a very emotional storyline."
76561198015883277,Recommended,225080,10939733,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Angela,"Very original game. Good story, starts out innocent but gradually becomes darker. Very nice gameplay, it does feel as a single-player cooperative game. I played for about 4 hours. It's not a hard game, you play it for fun, (simple) puzzles, great story and feelings.I'm not used to playing with a controller; this game was a great way to get more used to that."
76561198154574649,Recommended,225080,13677275,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,TomDickhead,"I feel like I robbed the creators of this game. Three dollars for an absolute work of art, a rollercoaster of emotions. Worth every penny. 10/10"
,Recommended,225080,15045692,"Posted: 25 March, 2015",all,MonkeyC,"I'm not finished playing this yet, but a few hours in I am still finding this game very charming. Controlling two characters via keyboard could be a challenge. However, they have done a really good job of making this work so that you don't get the annoying fall of the edge of the world issues that some similar games have. Nice puzzles and the atmosphere and graphics are very nice to look and relax. If you fancy a chilled evening playing something not too tricky then I recommend this completely. If you liked Limbo then you'll like this too."
,Recommended,225080,8295790,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Sakkle,Short but great little puzzle adventure with a great story and some interesting game mechanics. You will need a game pad for the controls to work as intended. Highly recommended!
,Recommended,225080,13633051,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,sammy,its good
76561198023944955,Recommended,225080,19592116,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,pjt1974,"Wow, just wow.If you've never heard of this, don't check out YouTube, it'll spoil it. Buy this game and play it. Your emotions will be numb by the time you've finished.Best adventure game I've ever played.From the moment of first play I couldn't walk away until the end."
,Recommended,225080,19561544,"Posted: 7 December, 2015",all,Crackers,"Please read the notice that a controller is REQUIRED to play.A moving game that is simple to play and takes you on an adventure both visually and emotionally. Only gripe is the control scheme which does take about 2-3 minutes to understand but from there the game is a pleasure and a treasure to play. It does not take long to complete (hence why many reviewers only have about 3 hours on record playing it). This game is more about telling the story of the game as the player solves puzzles or accomplishes objectives within. A few camera pan issues and some small deterrents exist as the control scheme and some puzzle mechanics take a second to understand. This would affect a game critic's scoring but the game is solidly put together and designed.Although short, and will be an easy game to get all the achievements in, I found this game to be well worth the price of admission. This game is not a must buy mainly due to the factor of ""replayability"" but I do recommend playing it.If ever found at a discount in a sale, and if the price of admission for a few hours of gameplay sound good for an evening then I would recommend this game. If you like games with puzzles similar to earlier games like ICO, Shadow of the Collossus, and early Tomb Raider - just not as in-depth, then this is the game for you.For everyone else, although I do recommend this game, it does not scream to be bought, it kindly asks for your time and leaves you with a good ""feels trip"" where you are greatful for having given it a chance."
,Recommended,225080,29674969,Posted: 3 February,all,dolfan058,"Good god, my emotions."
,Recommended,225080,30650479,Posted: 21 March,all,Malama,"Superb game.On sale for -80% now, just go buy it!!Positives:-The game has a great narrative which becomes very emotional.-Very good graphics and environments.-I was using an X-box 360 controller and the game was a perfect match for that.Neutral:-Tell a story without the use of a language, only sounds and gestures of the characters.-Very short game, around 3-4 hours.-Easy game, nothing challenging.Negative:-I guess using a keyboard would not be suitable."
76561197971490877,Recommended,225080,29382634,Posted: 20 January,all,Litto,"A most atmospheric journey, a fairy tale of sorts. Easily one of the best games I've played. Only critique: I wish it was longer, and a co-op mode would be nice."
76561198079113568,Recommended,225080,9262089,"Posted: 25 February, 2014",all,tehGabriol,A thrilling 6 hours adventure! Had to punch a man to feel like a wall again.
76561197970292341,Recommended,225080,19043735,"Posted: 12 November, 2015",all,Nathan Drake fan,"More than a kick in the♥♥♥♥♥from a one-legged mule on Easter.Update: Having now completed the game, I can say that it is the saddest thing in existence.  Shakespeare's tragedies ain't got nothin' on this here game.I still would recommend it, even with the gut-wrenching ending."
,Recommended,225080,19424937,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,Fluke | kev#6210,Great story. Much feels.
,Recommended,225080,13757377,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,CCL sama,"This game exceeded my expectations. Great art design, control system is unique yet easy to understand. At first I thought that this is a game aimed for all ages but boy was I mistaken :) This is what I would call a perfect game. Almost no bugs, easy achievement progress plus the game is not too long but not too short.I enjoyed it every moment, it is a ""must buy"" for everyone and especially when it is on sales offers!"
76561198040443952,Recommended,225080,8669267,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,MARIOtheMINOTAUR,"Believe the hype for this game! In this game you control two brothers on a journey to find a cure for their sick and dying father. This is a very enjoyable, while emotional, game. It is short, I completed it in a little over 3 hours, but it is a game that will stick with you long after you finish it.  It is 100% worth your time and money!"
,Recommended,225080,13985650,"Posted: 14 January, 2015",all,T'Baggins,Must play for everyone!
,Recommended,225080,16561443,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Excalibur54,"An incredibly beautiful world, satisfying puzzles, and one of the most emotion-evoking stories I've ever encountered in a video game. A truly unique game that every gamer should experience.Also, the store page says the game requires a console controller, but I have found a suitable work-around. Bind the movement of Brother 1 to WASD and his action button to LSHIFT, and bind the movement of Brother 2 to PL;' and his action button to RSHIFT. This wasn't as good as a controller when I played it with one, but it works for those gamers who don't have console controllers."
,Recommended,225080,16558337,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,Jag Gentlemann,"For the normal price maybe not, but yes for sale.This might be the best example of ""Bros before Hoes""."
76561198037298905,Recommended,225080,16441733,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,Just Slim,Nice game!Beautiful graphic and a really great Story. The control is simple but you have to get used to it first.Buy it.Have fun.Cry like a little girl!
,Recommended,225080,16488385,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,John Lemon VS 1000º Knife,Try play this game without crying. The end of the story is really sad :( big surprise on the end of the story ):+nice story+beautiful places+easy controlling+good quality-short story-sometime bugs
76561198030066242,Recommended,225080,16487214,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Malawk,"Beautiful game with a great musical score to boot! Didn't take me long to finish the game, but it was a great ride while I was on it. Very emotional and very fun! I would say that you can play this game without a controller, I did for a majority of the game, but there is one part that you need it for, otherwise it is impassable. This was a great game and I might go back and try to unlock all the achievments!"
,Recommended,225080,16412489,"Posted: 15 June, 2015",all,Drixevel,"Great game, highly recommended.The mechanics are solid and very interesting and the puzzles will always intrigue you in one way or another. The game runs beautifully at 60 frames a second with small frame drops here and there during cut scenes but nothing too bad, might be my graphics card.I'd personally recommend a controller since it was easier for me to play this game with one but that's probably subjective."
,Recommended,225080,16469540,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Flavor Town Boys,This game is fan-freaking-tastic! Don't know if finishing the game is more sad then the game itself
,Recommended,225080,16571467,"Posted: 20 June, 2015",all,The Eater of Dreams,"Despite going into this one feeling a bit cynical and ready to mock, I couldn't help but be converted. The weird control scheme is both awkward as hell and also amusing to watch yourself fail at. The game does a good job of making the personality of the brothers come out despite the dialogue consistng of no actual words. Environments are varied and so gorgeous they left benches along the path for you to stop and sit on just to admire the view. The overall plot and setting is also VERY dark compared to what I was expecting, not afraid to show death and blood as the journey continues. Which pleasantly reminded me of being traumitized by Don Bluth films as a young child.I'm a little disappointed in the simple level design. It feels like there was so much more potential for complex puzzles and platforming sequences using the two brothers to their fullest, but instead everything's pretty simple and obvious. You won't die much, no matter how much you suck at the controls.Speaking of, some might disagree, but I'd say a controller is 100% required to enjoy this one right.And for those who beat it, that's probably the most emotional I've ever felt over pressing the left shoulder button to progress."
76561197965005294,Recommended,225080,16637555,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,MustStache,"My thumbs are brothers now. And one of them, innocently enough, put a sheep on to a draw bridge. The sheep was to help weight the bridge down, so it would not rise back up. As fat as the sheep was, it just was not enough to keep the bridge down. As the bridge went up the sheep rolled off in to the river below and drowned. We did not mention this to the sheep's owner.9 out 10THE “I'M NOT CRYING, THERE'S SOMETHING IN MY EYE” AWARD"
76561198003038192,Recommended,225080,16623064,"Posted: 22 June, 2015",all,Aiden,"I recommend this game to everybody.It includes too beautiful and yet sad story inside. Andventorous gameplay with lovely puzzles. Magnificent backgrounds and detailed enough to give you emotions of the play.It took almost 3 hrs to play and definetly worths it.Lastly, at the end you may cry.."
,Recommended,225080,16178260,"Posted: 3 June, 2015",all,Bookiewits,"This game is all around fantastic.  Graphics, soundtrack, story... everything.  Definitely on my personal list of top games.  Do yourself a favor and purchase this game.  Be prepared to cry (or at least tear up) from the beginning to the end."
,Recommended,225080,8625428,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Gokiburi,"For me the best game of the last 12 months. Stunning graphics, innovative gameplay, great storytelling. 10 out of 10."
,Recommended,225080,16029176,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Eddol,This game is so beautiful10/10I cried
76561198028795504,Recommended,225080,13759278,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,Puzych,"Hearthwarming story, beautiful scenery, interesting approach to controls. Truly unique experience, must play!"
76561197985256983,Recommended,225080,16876078,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,Saint Vandal,"I picked up a few short, story-oriented games during Steam's summer sale and this one is by far the best. The controls are simplistic but I found myself getting disoriented sometimes (not frustratingly, though)! The puzzles are neat, the story is great; I was surprised at how much I liked this game.It is short, though. It only took me 5 hours to finish. But I'll say this; I started playing at 10:30pm thinking I'd just check it out for a minute, and now it's 4am, the game is done and I don't think I can sleep!"
,Recommended,225080,16819337,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,Blackety,"Great game with a great story. Characters don't speak an understandable language, but you still understand what they are conveying to each other. Controlling both brothers via joy sticks is interesting and connects you with both characters in a sense. It's a short game, took me just over 2 hours to complete, but it is the perfect length for this sort of game. Maybe not $15 worth, I got it when it was on sale, but that's for you to decide. It's worth your 2 hours nonetheless."
76561198045912065,Recommended,225080,10890739,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,chaosfnog,This is the most heart-wrenching story I have ever seen in a video game. It's about two boys who live with their father and their quest to travel across a mythical landscape to retrieve magical medicine because he is sick.Note: It only took me about 2-3 hours to playNote: I cried during this game (only time ever for a video game)
76561198040760250,Recommended,225080,8592295,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,hadjisan51,A masterpiece in story telling without a single word ever being spoken. Fluid gameplay and stunning visuals make this a pleasure to play.
,Recommended,225080,15595753,"Posted: 28 April, 2015",all,Grim,"Like Psychonauts, this is one of those hidden, under appreciated games. A very short but unmissable experience that's best played in 1-2 sittings without any distractions or interruptions.Don't delay in playing this game, but don't play it unless you have a controller with two analog sticks first! The game is very control and mechanic driven so you won't get the true experience without a controller."
76561198025304966,Recommended,225080,17694625,"Posted: 24 August, 2015",all,Baby Jager,"This is video game storytelling at its best. The story supports the mechanics, and the mechanics support the story, ultimately creating an experience that far surpasses what either aspect could have done individually."
,Recommended,225080,17286001,"Posted: 29 July, 2015",all,Thoreaufare,Nothing about this game was happy.
,Recommended,225080,17515590,"Posted: 12 August, 2015",all,Baby Driver,One word for each aspect of this game.Story - Outstanding.Characters - Excellent.Gameplay - Interesting.Immersion - Good.Environment - Beautiful.Graphics - Fair.Sound - Fine.Music - Great.Overall - Prodigious.
,Recommended,225080,17445465,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,DrChapa,First off I played this game for 6 hours and steam only said I played it for one. Secound this game is beautiful and the storyline is heart touching. I would defiently recommend this game.
76561198138791738,Recommended,225080,13619878,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,THE SALTY DOG [CCB],brilliant love it
,Recommended,225080,13560305,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,VictorTavares,"Unique gameplay, unique story, unique game. 9/10"
,Recommended,225080,12278136,"Posted: 28 September, 2014",all,rektorboun,"plug your controller in and play with your brother!!totally different concept, great story8/10"
,Recommended,225080,10774202,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Obi-Fran Kenobi,"Wow. Just wow.This is a wonder.An incredible interactive experience which you can and must play from the beginning to the end in one intense session.Don't read anything more and buy it now.Ok, if you insist: it lasts 3 hours, and they will be some of the best hours you spent playing a videogame in your life.Yes, you can play it with the keyboard; you just need some focus."
,Recommended,225080,10977434,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Abandor,Very nice and atmospheric game! Interesting puzzling and equally appealing to core and casual players.
,Recommended,225080,11818936,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,Chaolance,"Brother's is something we don't see on the gaming scene that often.  A game that acknowledges the medium it is heavily and finds a way to marry its control scheme and narrative cohesively in a way that you just have to actually play yourself to understand how well it works.Controlling the Brothers is a unique experience not often done in games.  Each Brother moves and interacts with a thumbstick and a trigger (one half of the controller for each brother) and this takes some getting used to.  But the game trains you naturally to get used to it through the use of its gameplay without any handholding tutorial.  The brothers need each other to progress through the puzzles of the environment and diversifies the characters by giving them different abilities for the puzzle solving (i.e. the larger brother Nayaa can boost the little brother Nayee up to a higher ledge and Nayee can find a way to in turn help Nayaa up also).The game continually finds new ways to use its unique control scheme of two characters working together and it feels like a coop experience but everything is in sync because its a single person controlling both characters.The gameplay does an amazing job of reinforcing the story which in turn refuels the gameplay in this much more cohesive symbiosis between the two .  The story itself is set in a fantasy universe which people have compared to ICO and Fable series (which is a fair assessment) but they way you discover and interact with this universe is one of the best parts.  I'll try to avoid spoliers but the Brothers are setting out well beyond the borders of the town they are familiar with so their sense of discovery and wonder at all the worlds curiosities is also your own.  To reinforce this the games decided to not use an actual language but still include the concept of dialogue and its perhaps one of the best things about its story.  The interactions between the characters are so well done that despite not understanding a single word as a player you still know exactly what is being said in every exchange simply through the emotive body language and tone of the characters during the interaction and the context of the gameplay both preceeding and during each scene.  This less familiar method of storytelling makes the game a much more emotional journey that you experience as the characters themselves do.  Their highs and lows are your highs and lows and the story is incredibly moving as a result.  Its probably one of the best examples of player immersion you'll be able to find from any game really.So yes this game was an experience more than it was just any other game.  Don't spoil it for yourself by watching someone play it and don't let it pass you by.  Grab a gamepad (you really need one for this game I think the keyboard controls would unavoidably hamper the experience.), take an evening off (you'll only need one) and give it a go. This is one of those games that any gamer young or old, novice or veteran will have an incredible time playing through."
76561198059599584,Recommended,225080,14091572,"Posted: 20 January, 2015",all,Miggzy,"This game....The art made my jaw drop more than once. The music sent shivers down my spine, and the absence of music was always amazing for atmospheric effect. The control scheme is genious; I've seen the idea before, but never executed as well as in this game. All the images you see on this game's Steam page are gameplay. That's right. Not cutscene. Both of my parents, who aren't technophobes by any stretch of the imagination, but aren't really that in the loop when in comes to gaming, loved this game. And they never even played it. The emotional impack delivered in about four hours of gameplay is mind blowing.Though this game is meant to be played single-player, I'm sure it would be an equal, if not greater experience if it were play with a loved one, each player getting half of the controller. Now, I can't really recommend this game for CAD$17.00, but on sale for even 33% off and I say pick it up.Oh, and Steam? This game does not require a controller to play. Get your♥♥♥♥♥♥together.The only grippe I have with this game is that it's a little short. The achievements that you might miis on your first playthrough might help soften the blow, though."
,Recommended,225080,13682642,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,adavidtree,"Jesus CHRIST. Never, ever, in a video game have I felt this sad about pushing a button. Not the action that pushing the button entails, physically pushing a button on my controller. You'll know what I mean when you get there. A ♥♥♥♥ing +."
,Recommended,225080,15068820,"Posted: 26 March, 2015",all,SibylWhisp,"This game is beautiful to look at, and I love the simplistic use of the controls. You'll have fun ushering these boys through a very touching and important quest, but I do warn you that you will experience heartbreak. There are so many bittersweet moments throughout the story, and in no time at all you'll care about them far too much. They crush your heart and do not apologize for it. That being said, it is so worth it for such a lovely and creative game. Enjoy it."
,Recommended,225080,15368094,"Posted: 14 April, 2015",all,Mr Saturn,"Beautiful game with charming characters and a superb soundtrack. Brought me to tears at the end. Go play it, it's an experience everyone should have."
,Recommended,225080,10837238,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,Keesee,"Probably the best game I have yet to play in years. It was reminiscent of Ico, which I love!I began this game about 6:30 am and didn't stop playing until the credits were rolling. The story is amazing though I have no clue what anyone said throughout the entire game. Amazing graphic, music and though complicated at times, I kept finding myself saying ""that was awesome"" while solving puzzles with unique control system. Great game!10/10"
,Recommended,225080,12472720,"Posted: 12 October, 2014",all,MagicNutz,Best 3 Hours I have spent in a game for a long time! Such a touching and moving story and so well thought out. The music in the game adds so much more to the game. I would highly reccomend this game to anyone! Well worth it!
76561197970288304,Recommended,225080,11129136,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,rdy2rock,"A lot to like here. Clever gameplay, great atmospheric soundtrack and good storytelling. It may be a bit short, but this game is pure quality. Would love to see more of this kind of innovation in gaming."
,Recommended,225080,11582425,"Posted: 6 August, 2014",all,feelsbadman_irl,"Good game. Started kind of soft I thought (both graphically and gameplay), but picked up through the midsection. It's slightly heavy handed in places but the difficulty's right, the length is right, and I like the lack of 'collecting' outside of a few optional achievement areas. Worth dropping a few bucks on for sure."
,Recommended,225080,10937812,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Typhoone,Right in the feels. 10/10
76561198071459511,Recommended,225080,10658436,"Posted: 22 June, 2014",all,CrOsS,"I must admit that for the first 45 minutes of gameplay, i had second thoughts about Brothers- A Tale of Two Sons. After that though and through the whole playthrough Brothers seems to be an amazing game, with an even more amazing storyline and atmosphere and even if its not long, it rewards you and its worth playing. Totally recomended!"
76561198039339132,Recommended,225080,11058551,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Antilion,"A short, beuatiful, and immensely satisfying game that hit my right in the feels. 11/10"
76561197986284755,Recommended,225080,9141873,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Kestovaari,i highly recommend this game. it was very awesome experience. for me it lasted 3 hours but every minute was worth it.  one of the best games what i have ever played.
,Recommended,225080,11418217,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,kojima,This is one of the best games I have ever played.BUY THIS GAME!
,Recommended,225080,10050058,"Posted: 7 May, 2014",all,Ruiner,good. controls are tricky.
,Recommended,225080,8733882,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,Remy561 [NL],"9.2/10A great adventure of two brothers.When our dad gets ill, we, his sons get the task to retrieve the cure for his disease. But before we know it we are stepping into a huge adventure!!! You travel far and far, but has this journey been worth it?+ Beautifull graphics, great visual story, very much personality in the world/ a living and breathing world, original gameplay, nice and harsh story- Sometimes the brothers are a bit hard to controlAn unforgettable 3 hour experience, might seem short, but because the game is so goo I don't have problems with it.I recommend to use a controller, but it also works on the keyboard."
,Recommended,225080,772648,"Posted: 13 September, 2013",all,Linguini Macaroni Spaghetti,"This game was one of the best I've ever come across. The narrative is outstanding and the art direction was well orchestrated.  The controls take a bit to get used to but are superb in their own way. It is a game that stays with you and is still memorable after many months.  Albeit the game is short, it still is one of my most highly recommended games to anyone that enjoys playing them.  Do yourself a favor and purchase this game.  Right Meow!"
,Recommended,225080,13455601,"Posted: 19 December, 2014",all,Syd·B,One of the best experiences I have ever had playing a videogame.
,Recommended,225080,8452238,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,MasterKiwi,Very immersive journey that has great mechanics to keep you interested and wanting more.
76561198067978140,Recommended,225080,17564703,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,AppleMauzer,"------------SPOILER ALERT------------This game is absolutely marvelous.The story, the characters, the design of the world, the environmental puzzles, the way the game adds moments of tension and happiness and ah man it's all just so well done.I love how the game makes you control two characters at once as well. It definitely took some getting used to at first, having a character on the left side of the screen but controlled by the right analog stick confused me regularly and had me re-organize the brothers numerous times before I moved on.And, huge spoiler incoming so beware, but I love how near the end of the game, just as you get used to using both analog sticks, the game suddenly takes you back to using just one. It really makes you feel as if there's something missing and really reinforces what happened before hand.I picked this game up in the sale (3.74 eur) but I'd say it's worth the full price. It may be a short game, but it keeps you entertained all the way throughout. No loading screens or waiting in lobbies or doing boring grind work. It makes good use of your time and doesn't overstay it's welcome. Absolutely recommend it."
,Recommended,225080,13896083,"Posted: 8 January, 2015",all,JCFD,You can ride goats.Short but awesome story.09/10 (still don´t know if i can turn vibration off ;_;)
,Recommended,225080,8631527,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,AngeSpectral,I very like the drama story and the way to play the 2 brother in the same time is very unique. The only 2 bad side ist about the fact that we can't understand anathik when they talk... and the game can be finish in some hour max but with a good discount a recommend it ^^
,Recommended,225080,8629471,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,HugsAndWishes,"Wow. I just sat down, enjoyed two glasses of wine with some mac n' cheese and couldn't stop playing this game until it was over. It might be short, but it has more emotional impact than most of the AAA games I played this year. The gameplay is constantly evolving so it never gets old and you'll be cracking smiles and ooohing and aaawwing the entire time. I look forawrd to playing this again in the future and getting all the achievments.Easily the best Indie game I have ever played. A wonderful mix of Limbo, Bastion, Ico, and Fable.And the mac n' cheese was good too."
,Recommended,225080,21329363,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,WofP_diddykv,"An unique experience; I'd recommend this game to everyone interested in beautiful landscapes, likable characters, amazing music and a good storyline. This game is an absolutely powerful visual experience, combined with fitting soundtrack and simple yet fun gameplay. The surprises and plot twists are very well developed, touching and even heartbreaking at times. It's a short game, but awesome nevertheless."
,Recommended,225080,29349105,Posted: 18 January,all,Rou,"Breathtaking game. Very enjoyable play through. Not very challenging to beat, but I'm going to go back and try and unlock some extra achievements I missed. I highly recommend."
,Recommended,225080,22070705,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,barrel-rider,Get it
76561198185473837,Recommended,225080,22102067,"Posted: 28 March, 2016",all,SHINOGEKAI,Good game
76561198046043892,Recommended,225080,8958839,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,FrozenDilemma,Sweet♥♥♥♥♥game that made me feel things i never thought i could feel. 10/10 would feel again.
,Recommended,225080,22069403,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,Soponyai,Fantastic game. Simple but captivating. It is a must have for anyone who believes games can be an art form.
76561198010233225,Recommended,225080,15716409,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,Vahnatai,"It is a simple game, based on a very nice and novel idea that is executed flawlessly. The story is quite straightforward, although sad. However, there is a single moment in this game which brought tears in my eyes. It is a simple moment where a button that youdesperately need shouldn't work but *gasp* it does. That moment is the strongest sad emotion that any game has made me feel."
76561198047865932,Recommended,225080,12027445,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,lackofcoolness,"While it may control a bit clunkely, and have a few graphical issues, this can easily be overlooked, as it is the only game that has made me cry real tears. I did so twice. One of the best games i have ever played in my entire life. I encourage everyone to play this game if not for its very enjoyable and satisfying gameplay, but for the emotional experince that this masterpeice can bring to you."
76561198045071476,Recommended,225080,14850788,"Posted: 12 March, 2015",all,Count Slacula,"Great story, great art and unique intuitive controls (if a bit disorienting at times) all in a bite sized package. Don't forget to sit on all the benches for a good 5-10 seconds and get the full view of all the landscapes. Very little in the way of replayability and is quite short, but well worthwhile at the correct pricepoint. 4/5"
,Recommended,225080,20134573,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Vini,"A new mechanic for a game. Quite simple but tricky at times. The story is just pure magic, truly majestic. Basically if you ever want to know what a feel trip is, this is it!! 25/10 would drop some man-tears again"
,Recommended,225080,20133583,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,TestUrLuck,Has creative mechanics that involves creative ways of playing.Atmostphere is a bit boring for me since they are little to no narrative in between stages.
,Recommended,225080,20138410,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Papa Franku,I CRIEDEDEDEDEDEDEDED :'((((((
,Recommended,225080,20142206,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Brettle the Sandwich,10/10 would get feels again.
,Recommended,225080,20158393,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,barnacles,Really nice game with a unique but good control system. I recommend playing this game in one single sitting. An absolutely wonderful emotional experience.
,Recommended,225080,9537160,"Posted: 17 March, 2014",all,Capitalist Pig,"8/10The gameplay is nice, soundtrack and environment are excellent. But it's too short. Finished it in 4 hours.The achievements are great and fun to get. The best about this game is the world itself."
76561197994873491,Recommended,225080,19873744,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Gangrer,One word. Amazing.A short and simple game to play with a surprisingly deep story in it.It kept me thinking even after the end of my playthrough.I highly recommend people to try this game out especially during the Winter Sale now.
,Recommended,225080,10922697,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Miss Mercury★,"If you own a controller, you have to play this game immediately. It's pretty short, but it had a bigger emotional impact on me than any AAA game in the last few years. It doesn't need to be long. It's not a perfect game, but it's still absolutely wonderful and definitely worth buying (moreso on sale)."
76561197972510461,Recommended,225080,18286224,"Posted: 1 October, 2015",all,Urthdigger,"A touching story""Brothers"" is a fairly simple game, definitely on the easy side, but I applaud the storytelling, especially as it doesn't have any dialogue that I can tell (All characters are speaking either a simlish kind of madeup language, or one I am entirely unfamiliar with).Instead, all of the story is told through the events and the scenery. It's a minimalist decision that I rather enjoyed, and it fit rather nicely with this fairy tale adventure through its beautiful world."
76561198006476640,Recommended,225080,11240542,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Morphy,"This game Brothers - A Tale of Two Sons is a really great game. It plays out as an action adventure game where you control two brothers simultaneously, from a third-person viewpoint. The puzzles throughout the game are of just the right difficulty never to frustrate or cause the player to get stuck at any point. The graphics are amazingly detailed yet always so smooth. Also it's not as short as you might think to start off with and is always a pleasure to play through. Never a dull moment."
76561198007298934,Recommended,225080,20175925,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Ezergood,"Beautiful. Clever. Original. Mostly cheery fun puzzle solving, then a big lump of dark and sad.Control two brothers on an adventure to find a tree to heal their sick dad. One on left stick and trigger, other on right. Use their differing abilities to make them work switches and access stuff. Getting left and right hands to do different things at same time not always as easy as you'd think. 3 hours well spent."
,Recommended,225080,20179789,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Sp0nska,"""Brothers - A Tale of Two Sons"" wants to tell a story. A story about two brothers going on a quest to save their father. And it tells that story extremely well. Combined with beautiful graphics and an amazing soundtrack, this game is a true masterpiece!"
76561198004145760,Recommended,225080,20181696,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Avenger8,Not particularly challenging but visually pleasing. Different in the puzzle / platformer genre. Worth a go if you're into those games.
,Recommended,225080,20186930,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,JPB,An excellent game with a great story. The graphics are exceptionally good and the gameplay is unique.
,Recommended,225080,20203614,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Snowwolf,"Upon finishing this game i feel like i really need to write a review about it including the pro's and con'sCon's-I wish i wouldnt have wasted 20 minutes trying to set language to find out through the forums that this game is played in a made up language. There is no Verbal storyThe game is very short. I beat it first run in about 3-4 hours, though i didnt expect much from such a smaller title.Not really a Con, but starting out the controlls are a bit weird even though they make perfect sense for the gameplay, and were easy to learn after about 20 minutesPro's-This game played my feels like a ♥♥♥♥ing fiddle... Honestly i didnt expect much from a game i got for a couple bucks on a sale, and though I thought it would be longer than it was such a good game and much more than my moneys worth.The Characters, Creatures, and Scenery you get are amazing for such a small game, i thought the creativity with design going into the game was amazing, and if there ever was another game like this i would buy it in a second.Finalle- I highly recomend this game to anyone. I thought it was pheonominal and i plan on completely playing through again just to complete the achievements! Definitely pick this game up for a few hours of amazing cinematic and story!"
76561198018496310,Recommended,225080,13681174,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,_RetroLemunz_,"This is ..... by far my favorite game of all time since 29th december 2014. At 1 O clock in the morning i decided to buy this game along with another not really Expecting much from it. I then Decided to install and play it from 2AM till 5:20AM (I also streamed the hole thing) i spent 3hrs 20min Storming through this game i cannot believe how much story and depth there is in this game im not even Joking i cried at the End because the story that this kid had to go through is terrible I will not spoil it cause it ruins the entire story. now not just the Amazing story but the Graphics as well are Beautiful for the type of game that it is. This game is un-believable. The company That made this were Starbreeze studios and i remeber them making The Chronicles of riddick and i was Extremly disapointed when that game first came out. Ireally hope they make more games like this because i have never been so Emotionally attached to 2 characters in my hole life in a video game. You know what ♥♥♥♥ all those other games that have a ""Story""; this my friend is a ♥♥♥♥ing story. And for the price its ridiculous. I paid £2.19 for this at the Christmas sale and it was worth every penny the normal price is  £10.99 and i would Recomend it cause it is so worth it. I would pay £40 to see this game again in 10 years time with insane Graphics"
,Recommended,225080,20351422,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,GreedyPenguin,"More then amazing! A game that everyone must play! If you like games with a beautiful story and nice  gameplay, this is the one.One of the best games I played this year. It felt like reading a book and you are the main character.On the other side, the story is lacking some details, and it could be even better. It feels like something was skiped, especially the end.Overall the game is a 8/10, in my opinion. Totally worth the money and time spent."
76561198216663797,Recommended,225080,20316806,"Posted: 5 January, 2016",all,Bubblejuiceman,"The focus of this game is absolutely amazing.The gameplay is fairly simple.The art, behind the gorgeous concepts, is also fairly simple.The story line, is also at its core, fairly simple.But when all that is put together, it created a game like none other. I am astonished at how much I enjoyed this game and everything it had to offer. This game, in its simplicity, beats 99% of the games in terms of beauty and complete enjoyment when playing.Never mind the strong and powerful ending.10/10 (I'd go higher if this wasn't a serious review)"
,Recommended,225080,20361285,"Posted: 6 January, 2016",all,NINJA,One of the best games I've ever played. Had so much fun playing it. I felt very sad at the end. Good job who ever made this game.
76561198120938696,Recommended,225080,19975955,"Posted: 26 December, 2015",all,Neraste,"A tale of two sons you control over one controller. I did the game with keyboard only, it is perfectly feasible. The gameplay is easy to master, no worry about it. The places and the landscapes are gorgeous; it's nice to literary have a sit from time to time and enjoy the view. Unfortunately, the game is an awful corridor of 1 meter width. Seriously. I mean, all these wonderful places appeal you to jump off the track and start exploring by yourself. But nope. Because there is that chair, you know, right over there. It's not that big, but large enough to justify an invisible wall and drive you nuts. Sigh... Regardless, the story is nice, a bit sad though. I think the end alone worths the entire game. I mean, for real. Made me almost cry."
,Recommended,225080,20293117,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Eos,Nice atmosphere but voices of brothers is terrible.
,Recommended,225080,18158908,"Posted: 23 September, 2015",all,Ducky the Bee,"Short, but awesome!  It is a unique and complete game, loved every minute of it.Absolutely worth my time and money!The storyline. gameplay is not rushed in any way despite the shortness. I finished it in 4.5 hours.I played the game single player, so can not tell about co-op.The story is simple, and actually is only told at the start and the end, the gameplay tells the rest.It is one of the few games where getting achievements is actually rewarding.The handling of the 2 brothers works perfectly with using the left side of the controller for 1 brother and the right side of the controller for the other brother.  It is really confusing sometimes, specially when the brothers switch places, but the controls stay the same. I caught myself often using the wrong controls for the wrong brother.  (left = long guy, right = small guy).Also at first i been looking for language settings because they used a language I could not understand. It took me a while to realise that that was meant to be :DConclusions:- Get the game if you like adventures and fairytales,- Get the game when you admire beautifull and well made (indie) games.- Controls takes some getting used to when playing solo.- Absolutely recommended!- 9/10 (because it is really short, would be great to adventure more)-  It is stupid to risk 2 young boys lives to rescue one old guy:)"
,Recommended,225080,20568099,"Posted: 16 January, 2016",all,Tonberry,A short but beautiful game. Playing with a controller is highly recommended.
,Recommended,225080,19800703,"Posted: 20 December, 2015",all,Rokin,"Brothers is a cute little game that tells an emotional story set in a gorgeous world. It is short, has easy puzzles and quirky controls, but offers you a beautiful journey"
76561198087882031,Recommended,225080,13830525,"Posted: 4 January, 2015",all,FacesHigh,Amazing! Highly recommend. Works well with a game pad too.
,Recommended,225080,19583952,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,StrangeLife,"A short and very good emtotional story were you control two brothers at the same time with an intersting game mechanic, (you control the big brother with the left stick and the little brother with the right stick, which leads from time to time up in being confused), which I really enjoyed playing and made me sad in the end. :sadpanda:And my fellow achievement hunters/♥♥♥♥♥s out there: 100% is pretty simple, but you have to do things like little side quests for it.  Just playing the story won't give you any achievement."
76561198017513176,Recommended,225080,16017726,"Posted: 26 May, 2015",all,Lawken,"I'm not one to publicly review games, but I needed to write this to give the game the thumbs up it deserves. It's a surprisingly sentimental game. Although it has  a rather simple premise that drives the ""call to adventure,"" the shining force of this game comes in the form of its rich and detailed world, whose history and inhabitants are glimpsed at by the brothers' experience in their travels. The control scheme is also very intuitive and fits the story/gameplay perfectly. 10/10! :)"
,Recommended,225080,19991323,"Posted: 27 December, 2015",all,Shadiman,What a Beautiful Game! I love this Game!
,Recommended,225080,14492963,"Posted: 15 February, 2015",all,PinkAvenger,i cri evrytiem
,Recommended,225080,7565716,"Posted: 4 November, 2013",all,Enqase,"Brothers: A Tale of Two Sons is an exquisitely told story set in a world overflowing with personality. It’s an immersive, emotional gem that’s not to be missed."
,Recommended,225080,23834347,"Posted: 26 June, 2016",all,kosmikza,"Good game, nice graphics and interesting mechanic. Story is excellant to although a bit short but a great game to pick up on special."
76561198094686828,Recommended,225080,24058748,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,Musrar,"A well-crafted gem enclosed in an indie game that stands out for its vanilla textures and beautiful landscapes. Brothers - A tale of two sons is an enjoyable fable about two brothers that set off to look for the miraculous medicine that will cure their father's illness. Across farmer villages, gorgeous castles in huge valleys, crazy inventors, strange primitive folk and more the two brothers set out on a journey that will be both magical and mysterious with their ultimate goal standing far away: the Tree with the Water.PS: Both brothers have to be controlled with the same device, be it gamepad or keyboard.PS2: Recommended to buy it on a sale, since it's not that long."
76561198069480082,Recommended,225080,24078493,"Posted: 4 July, 2016",all,Elias Aye,"This game is a must-play for anyone with adventure in their hearts.While this might not be the most challenging game, the beauty of this game really is in it's simplicity. Two brothers - two joysticks. This novel approach to controls is unlike anything I've really seen before, and while it was a bit finnicky at times, really helped to make each character seperate, while still allowing them to function as a cohesive unit.The game sets it's own pace, albiet not the quickest, and while at some points it may feel like you're along for the ride, the scenery is good enough that it never really detracts from the overall experience. This game is pretty, and goddamn does it know it.This game was suggested as best played with a controller, and I didn't really understand why until the end of the game. The imagination behind this game is boundless, and I highly recommend you stick to this suggestion  if possible.I find it hard to really highlight particular flaws within this game, and will definitely be playing it again."
,Recommended,225080,24061412,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,zoeyzebra,"This game is visually stunning, the soundtrack has grand emotional depth but doesn't overpower, and the story of these two brothers on a journey to acquire that which will save their ailing father is incredibly moving. The single player ""co-op"" style of gameplay was a little brain-bending, but the game is not very challenging - it doesn't give you too many chances to die. However, this game isn't about technical gameplay; it's about the story. And it's a beautiful, heart-wrenching story told essentially without any dialogue (the in-game speech is in a fabricated language). 10/10 would recommend. :)"
,Recommended,225080,7649526,"Posted: 13 November, 2013",all,Lone Mountain,"This was one of the most unique game experiences I’ve had in a while. The concept of controlling both brothers simultaneously with one controller was a great set-up for some really fun puzzles and action sequences, as well as being integrally linked to a very moving story. It satisfied a craving I didn’t realize I’d had, at times feeling like acrobatics for my brain-to-hand connection. The visuals in the game are beautiful, and one section in particular which featured the aftermath of a battle was one of the greatest settings I’d ever seen in a game. The interactions with that setting made it even better. I don’t play a whole lot of story-based games, but if more were like this, I probably would. The story was surprisingly affecting, and is a testament to how much you can say without words."
76561198013566088,Recommended,225080,10824124,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Grasshopper,"Made me feel like a child experiencing a whole new world.Maybe a spoiler -The tears, why won't they stop?10/10"
76561198049992117,Recommended,225080,23945750,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,BumblrBee,Controlling two brothers simultaneously (and performing tasks like pulling a cart - brothers hold on both ends) with a single controller is a new concept and a little hard at first.. but it's a fun title with great graphics and very nice music. Thumbs up !!
,Recommended,225080,23992894,"Posted: 1 July, 2016",all,buster3mc,"This game messed me up. 10/10It was a short but beautiful story about two brothers finding medicine for their sick dad. I called the young men Righty and Lefty. There were a wide variety of strong atmospheres, and they could change unexpectedly. The graphics were phenominal. Rather than focusing on realism, the developers wove a beautiful story through the whimsical aesthetic. Somehow the same song, which played during key moments, was able to take on so many different moods. It could be glorious or sorrowful, but it never changed. The use of the control scheme to further the story and feed the player emotions was extremely well done. Its a great game, and anyone with a gamepad should buy it, especially on sale.Also, the game itself is amazing. Even if you severely dislike story-based games, don't worry. The developers didn't sacrifice good gameplay for storytelling. I didn't expect this game to be difficult, but it had a nice challenge, and I found it very fun.tl;drThis game may be short, but it has perfect graphics, music, and gameplay, and anyone with a gamepad should be ashamed to not have it."
,Recommended,225080,24184976,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Vekve,"Fantastic!Join the two brothers on an incredible adventure to save their father. The story is really good and the atmosphere is beautiful, and gets even better the further you go. This is one of the most beautiful games I’ve ever played, and the emotions hit you hard.Brothers is surly a one of a kind game, with gameplay I’ve never dealt with before. When you get used to control two characters’ the game isn’t that hard or challenging, but to me that didn’t matter. If you want the game to be a bit more challenging, just use your keyboard instead of a controller, or play it with a friend/date.I’m sad it was so short, so please take your time and explore! The achievements are worth getting on your first try, but you can always go back to get the ones you missed.I bought this game on summer sale, but would’ve gladly played full price for this masterpiece!I highly recommend this breathtaking game, and I rate it 9,5/10."
76561198024730969,Recommended,225080,24191692,"Posted: 8 July, 2016",all,Jaydos,"Brothers - A Tale of Two SonsTL;DR One of those gorgeous games that feels like you're ""playing a movie"". Gorgeous visuals, music, sound and animations all combine with an engaging storyline to deliver an experience that won't be forgotten any time soon!Things you should know before purchasingLocal co-op and single player only.Game is actually completely playable with a keyboard. I controlled both brothers with my keyboard and didn't have any issues at all. Using a controller will make the game's controls feel much more intuitive however.Single player is A LOT harder than co-op. Be prepared to get your left and right hands very confused :p Still very playable though, if you have no friends or your brother is a jerk (like mine) :'(The puzzles are pretty basic. This game is very much storyline driven, so for the avid puzzle-solving gamers out there, don't get your hopes up on that front.The game's settings are as minimal as it gets. You get an option to change the game's brightness (gamma), the game's music volume and sound volume. That's all.There's no option to spoon your little brother (or curl up into your big brother's arms) beside the campfire at night... :')Very little replayability value, but given how good the storyline is, the price of the game and most importantly the type of game that Brothers is; this can be easily forgiven.What you can expect from the gameCompleting the main storyline~4 hours but I took a bit longer.Completeing all Achievementsan extra ~4-6 hours if you start a new file and explore every nook and cranny.Trying to force the two brothers to cuddle up to each other in front of a gypsy giant~7 minutes.OverallThis game is an absolute delight to play. I would however not recommend buying this game for the full price unless you're the type of person who cries non stop at the end of an emotional anime/TV series. This tale of twosonsbrothers will definitely stick with you for a long time, however it is hard to justify paying $15 US for a game that offers about 6 hours of gameplay.Get this game on sale and you'll have a wonderful new gem added to your library.Peace!"
76561197981355086,Recommended,225080,13583412,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Gwar2005,"A Tale of Two Sons is a great indie title , with good story line , graphics and sound .(Get immersed)"
,Recommended,225080,24749536,"Posted: 6 August, 2016",all,Scibot,Really great game. Not much more I can say that hasn't already been said.I'd recommend waiting for it on sale thoughIt's good but $15 for a 3 hour game is a little much
,Recommended,225080,18593832,"Posted: 20 October, 2015",all,Maximus,"DISCLAIMER: This is my first ever review. Please forgive me if my spelling or grammar is incorrect.Let me start by saying that this is not a 10 hour game experience.This game is roughly 2 to 3 hours of playtime.It is a story of two brothers who make a long journey, trying to find a cure for their sick father.It is mostly a casual game trying to pass some very deep meanings and emotions in way that sets it aside from the norm (breaks many cliches).I am not gonna spoil anything. I'm just saying that if you are willing to give this one a try, have a pair of tissues in close proximity.I am not going to grade any of the aspects of the game, because I believe that numerical grading is a flawed way of sharing your experience. Instead, I am going to put my experience into words as best as I can.The graphics are very stylish and, along with an excelent sound design keep the the ambience of the game constant and fluid. The soundtrack is also top notch and well executed.The controls are as simple as they get (not much to say here), though they are not the core of the game. Rather, they are a guide for helping you experience the feeling and tension of the game.The story( which is the meat of the game) is  simple yet deep and compeling. Almost like reading a very good short novel. You want to finish it in one go (which is what I did)All in all, I find Brothers: A tale of two sons to be an excelent game. I haven't regretted a single euro of my purchasing of this game, even though it's a short one."
76561198170017751,Recommended,225080,20957682,"Posted: 4 February, 2016",all,MagneticMatt,"In my opinion: A great game!This game is totally different from what i've played before and there isn't much action.. but just relaxing while playing this and enjoying the story is something i can definately recommend! If you wanna be 2 brothers on a beautifull adventure, play this game. If you want 2 brothers shooting all over the place, go army of two. Brothers - A tale of 2 sons will stay with me for a while."
,Recommended,225080,27065655,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,MalicE,This game♥♥♥♥♥♥punched me right in the feels
76561197996787769,Recommended,225080,8548109,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,KyKno,"A beautiful, devastating story. A control scheme like nothing else. A perfect and meaningful merging of the two. That is Brothers: A Tale of Two Sons, and you have to experience it."
,Recommended,225080,18945713,"Posted: 7 November, 2015",all,Rubyoid,"What a great game! So good that I felt compelled to write a review about it. Definitely play this game when you have just a few hours to devote to a game, beginning to end."
,Recommended,225080,8565906,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,Stunt Rush,"Brothers is an emotional cooperative puzzle game where you are presented with just how terrible a cooperative partner you are.  And... it's brilliant.  I played it for a little more than 2 hours, and, Wow!  Unfortunately, I can't say too much about how the game works - to do so would be to spoil everything great about it.  Please, just take my advice: plug in your controller of choice, set aside a couple of hours on a lazy weekend, and let this game take you on a journey.  You will not regret the decision.  Even up against games like Spelunky, Bioshock Infinite, this is my game of 2013."
,Recommended,225080,8655997,"Posted: 10 January, 2014",all,Killercds,"Just completed this game. It's fairly short but it is definitely deserving of all the praise it has gotten. I would rank it among the top games I've played in recent memory, and definitely at the top for games of its' length.Buy this game, regardless of if it's on sale or not. I'd also suggest playing it in one sitting, and with a controller/gamepad in order to feel the full effect of the game."
76561197987673438,Recommended,225080,8459402,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Von Mäyrä,"Wow, just wow! Beautiful story, amazing atmosphere, packed with emotion and bittersweet soundscapes. Pad is a must and boy do they use the pad controls creatively. It's a game unlike any other for a very low price. You better reward the developers and buy the game then enjoy one of the most amazing gaming trips you've had. Besides all that.. I'm speechless.. gg."
,Recommended,225080,20441208,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Lamanai,"Game Name: Brothers - A Tale of Two SonsOriginal Release: 2013Personal Rating: AEstimated Playtime: 3 hoursMultiplayer/Coop?: NonePlayed on: Steam ControllerBrothers- A Tale of Two Sons is a great game. I received my Steam Controller a while ago and decided that I needed to get into the groove of using a controller. I've always used a keyboard and mouse combo, and this seemed like a great game to use the controller with, and I couldn't cheat and use KB/M since it is controller only.Controls:  The controls are very simple to use. A joystick to move and the trigger allow the brother to use their special move. The twist? You have to control both brothers at the same time. On the steam controller this meant using the joystick and the right touchpad. Was it useable? Definitely. Not to mention that it was easy enough for a controller noob like me to get used to.Graphics: The graphics are very indie-ish. This isn't a demanding game at all, but what makes it special is how the graphics interact with the artwork and the background to create the story. The creators place benches around the game and through the brother's special moves, you are able to sit down and observe the scenery.Music: The music fits the mood perfectly. From the funny and entertaining interactions that the brothers have with the other characters, to the scary and odd moments that leave you satisfied with the way that the scenes end.Overall: Highly recommended. It is basically an interactive movie. The cut scenes meld together with storyline, audio, art and graphics that allow you to forget that you are playing a game. You will love entering the world of brothers trying to save their single father, all the while speaking an unknown language, and will have you crying by the end."
76561197996412155,Recommended,225080,23925118,"Posted: 29 June, 2016",all,Rincewind,For everybody hesitating whether or not to buy this game because they dont own a controller:- You CAN master the controlls with your keyboard- You CAN`T master the feels you will get finishing this game9/10
,Recommended,225080,11428554,"Posted: 26 July, 2014",all,Big Mike,"WOW, truly a fantastic game. If you love a fantastic story line and appreciate beautiful environments and art, this is the game for you. The visuals are absolutely stunning and very different from the average modern day game. It's not an action packed game and it focuses heavily on storyline and breathtaking visuals. 10/10 would play again!"
,Recommended,225080,13097558,"Posted: 26 November, 2014",all,Holi,"I'd say it's more an interactive story than what I would consider a conventional game, I do love it for that though since well.. Despite lack of challenges and excedingly easy pussles the journey through the game is what really matters and that the game gets right as far as I am concerned :)"
76561198056015658,Recommended,225080,22332039,"Posted: 9 April, 2016",all,Scotticusprim3,I spent most of Saturday playing through Brothers with my family. We displayed it on the wall with a projector and shared the controls of each of the brothers. We laughed and were amazed and my little ones cried. It was a wonderful shared experience.
76561197994030033,Recommended,225080,12782318,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,RaeRae,"This was a beautiful and entrancing game! It was a bit challenging for dyslexic-me with the controls, but I got the hang of it! The graphics, music AND story are just...wow. By the end, your heartstrings will be all tugged out. It also infuriated the part of me that is a mother lol. I wanted to yell at the stupid old man for sending children on such a crazy dangerous adventure. But all that to say, it may be short, but it is SO worth a play! I may even pick it up again (after I recover) to get the achievements I missed!"
,Recommended,225080,8417556,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Vaderhoff,"If you haven't played Brothers yet, play it now!Don't watch a video and ruin it for yourself, play it!This is quite possibly my favorite game this year, I was absolutely surprised by this and honeslty didn't expect more than just a few puzzles and straightforward story about two brothers trying to retrieve a cure for their father, but it goes a lot further than that. The gameplay sort of reminds me of Ico and Limbo for some reason, but that's a good thing, both those games are amazing. I have to give the developers hefty amounts of praise, the only other game that really made me say ""Wow!"" this year has been Bioshock Infinite, and honestly I think Brothers might have topped that. I can't say much without spoiling the game, so please just go try it for yourself, I can't recommend this game enough. The only complaint I really have is that I beat it in 2 hours. might be able to make it a 4 hour game, max. Either way, money well spent, this is a quality game and story! Truly an adventure unlike what I've experienced in this last generation of gaming."
,Recommended,225080,8353435,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,ElectricGrandpa,"A truly fantastic game overall. My only complaint is that it seemed like the creators felt like they had to add ""gamey"" things and puzzles that didn't really fit in with the rest of the game. Most of the puzzles were solid, but there were some that felt contrived, as if they'd been added only to show off some twist on the mechanics.Despite these minor issues, the game is really, really good overall. It's worth buying for the visuals and sheer epic-ness of the story alone... and the way the mechanics tie in with the story (especially in the last sections of the game) is something truly special."
,Recommended,225080,8714418,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Bokor,"Short, but definitely worth playing."
,Recommended,225080,18024607,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Dlohaloco,The only reason for someone to dislike this game is because the controls are too hard for them. I think everything about it made it unique and the story was told without a single word. Ending will have you ponder what life is all about.
,Recommended,225080,11086331,"Posted: 5 July, 2014",all,Ronnivista,Great adventures story. Can complete all 12 Steam Achievements easily.
,Recommended,225080,9184672,"Posted: 19 February, 2014",all,WHAM,"A mother dies in a tragic accident, leaving the father caring for the family's two sons. When the father becomes ill, the sons set out on a journey to find the only medicine that can save their father. The journey takes them through some of the most well-designed, carefully crafted and lovingly detailed environments I have seen in a videogame so far.Brothers - A tale of two sons sports fairly simple cartoon visuals that work well without taxing your system with overtly complicated particle effects. The character animation gets it's job done in conveying emotion and mood throughout the game. I did encounter two or three broken animations, in which a characted failed to face the correct direction while animating, for example, but these few instances were easily forgiven.This game is truly a model of gameplay design. There are no silly inventory puzzles, no illogical conversation trees (there is no actual language in the game, as far as I can tell) and nothing crowding the gameplay with unneeded trivialities. Two sticks control the two characters and two triggets are used to get the characters to undertake actions ranging from climbing to jumping to pulling levers to helping one another swim across a dangerous current. The game sports quite low difficulty level, so if you are looking for a challenge, you will not find one here.The environments of the game, while they pass by quite quickly, deserve their own special mention. Each part of the world has it's own special story to tell and since there is no real spoken dialogue, the storytelling is done by the landscapes themselves. Several times I found myself asking questions, wanting to know more about the history of the places I visited, and while the game hint's at past events, it never really reveals all of it's secrets, leaving you with a mind full of wonderment and questions as you move on.I personally found some of the long emotional musical pieces somewhat grating after a while, but considering the overall length of the game I can't really complain that much.I can easily recommend this bite-sized, yet emotional and interesting, game to anyone looking for a classic fairytale in the form of a videogame.Playtime: 3+ hours (single playthrough)Ratings (1-10)Visual: 9Audio: 8Story: 10Gameplay: 9Overall: 8"
,Recommended,225080,25490792,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Reverse Rumpelstiltskin,"It's short but it's sweet. I feel like it's the perfect length for what it set out to do.A lovely story game filled with heart, beautiful graphics and great music.My only complaint would be that puzzles aren't really challenging but that doesn't really detract from the type of game that Brothers - Tale of Two Sons sets out to be."
,Recommended,225080,11164789,"Posted: 10 July, 2014",all,Virtual Knight,"I don't think you can hope to find a game that provokes more emotion than this one.An epic adventure, beautiful land scapes and the truest test of hand-eye co-ordination."
76561198016184736,Recommended,225080,21665337,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,SheepSayMeh,"I played this game, and I was emotionally shaken.I had my girlfriend play this game. At some point she turned to me and said 'I can't handle this'.This game is in one way a 'gamers' game. It has a mechanic no other game has.It's also the only game I had my girlfriend play where she understood outright what she had to do.It's extremely well made and emotionally draining.That said, It's also very short (~7 hours for two playthroughs), but well worth the  5 euros/dollars you'll spend on it in a sale.It's also a great game to have your non-gamer friends/family/SO play to show that games are a great medium for storytelling."
,Recommended,225080,21616095,"Posted: 3 March, 2016",all,cloud_ishida,Wasn't really expecting the end of this game. Good and you'll finish it in one playthrough.
,Recommended,225080,21622512,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,VAL,"This is the first game that I bought and played on steam.Brothers - A Tale of Two Sons is a marvel of storytelling and clever gameplay and a must buy for players who enjoy such.The first thing that I should say is that unlike what the notice says on the store page, this game does not require a controller to play.Gameplay and story:During the game you control these two characters with the arrow and wasd keys as the camera adjusts itself to the area that you are playing. The game itself is relatively simple and linear, requiring the player to overcome easy obstacles in the way of the protagonists' journey to save their ill uncle. In the course of their quest, they assist others in need and grow closer as brothers. It is slightly challenging to get ahold of controlling the brothers simultaneously at the start of the game but becomes much more fluid and easy as you progress through the levels even with a keyboard. Complement to the controls, the challenges along the way begin to require more ingenuity as you learn to control the brothers.Graphics:The areas themselves are beautifully designed and the game pauses every once in a while to allow you to enjoy it. From climbing crumbling ruins to scaling massive caves the game uses every area to show you just how beautiful and well crafted it is.Sound:There is no major dialogue so to speak but everything in the game is clear without it using too many words. What the lack of dialogue gives way to is a wonderful soundtrack that captures the emotional range of the story in ways that dialogue would never have. As the game becomes darker the longer you play, the sounds and music mature likewise.Overall:On the front, Brothers may look like a simple, light hearted puzzle adventure for a casual player. Playing it, I've come to appreciate the subtle and fine ways that this game was made elevating it in quality above many of the other games that I play. The story and gameplay are simple, the music complements the graphics excellently, and the entire experience is an emotional journey as two brothers enter dark and dangerous worlds to save their family.I cannot recommend this game enough and constantly badger anyone who would listen. It is a quick (approx 6 hr) playthrough and the ending left me sobbing. I have to say, this is a different caliber of gaming. I've never experienced anything like it10/10"
76561198069774667,Recommended,225080,21686691,"Posted: 7 March, 2016",all,Kallil_92,"It is amazing how a team with less resources, less money and less people can make such a great game. Way better than some AAA titles, a great story with huge plot twists. One of the best game I ever played. Totally recommended. Congratulations to the devs :)"
,Recommended,225080,19741928,"Posted: 16 December, 2015",all,z3llo,Wonderful. 10/10
76561198045697458,Recommended,225080,17577993,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,DoomLord066,"One of the best games I have ever played!! The story is immersive and beautiful, and you will find yourself playing this game from start to finish in one sitting!.... I even teared up a little at the end!! I'd recommend this game to anyone who wants a unique experience and an amazing adventure through the wilderness, battlefields, and more!! Starbreeze Studios really hit home with this flawless game! Get it, and I promise you it will be one of your favorite games!"
,Recommended,225080,17625064,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,Smegmatron,"This game is short, tragic, and pretty awesome.  It has a deep story that is obtained with no real dialog.  The characters have simple grunts, but their emotions and demeanor portray the story, very well.  It's kinda like the movie Caveman, except, not really."
,Recommended,225080,13501351,"Posted: 21 December, 2014",all,AprO,An amazing and unique experience
,Recommended,225080,17747406,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Keejo,Some might say it's short.But I personally never felt anything like that playing a video game before.This is just a Masterpiece.
,Recommended,225080,17059873,"Posted: 15 July, 2015",all,mulciberxp,"This game is amazing, but imagine how much better it would have been if it could pass the bechdel test!!!!All jokes aside, this game is sublime. Even though the theme is somewhat dark, you'd be hard pressed to find a game with more ""make you smile"" moments. The way the two brothers interact differently with different people and objects is a joy. The way the brothers work together and care for each other without the use of words. The game compels me to want to be a good person to the people I come across, even if it's not always an option.The puzzles themselves are usually pretty obvious, without the use of any cheap visual hints. They typically aren't very difficult either, but they never lose their novelty as the game goes on. But they're really only a stepping stone to get to what the game is really about. If you want a game that will make you smile, make you sorrowful, and take you on a truly amazing adventure, this game nails it."
,Recommended,225080,18240840,"Posted: 28 September, 2015",all,wolfrider,"Amazing, beautiful with a twist in the end, Loved every minute of it!"
76561198093878684,Recommended,225080,11028075,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,boob,"Extremely unique, although very short. You'll get through the whole game in about 3 hours. But definitely worth it. Wish there was a sequel..."
76561198003286305,Recommended,225080,16512033,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Beef Manslab,"I just played through this a second time, two years after my first playthrough. I hadn't forgotten a thing. It's that impactful.Here's to another two years of crying myself to sleep."
76561197993306587,Recommended,225080,18033678,"Posted: 14 September, 2015",all,EliL,"Awesome story, awesome game !"
76561197994415672,Recommended,225080,18075445,"Posted: 17 September, 2015",all,Miigor,"Must be one of the best games I've ever played. I like games with a proper story, and this game delivers. Brilliant way to enhance the story by gameplay mechanics ie. controlling both boys to solve puzzles."
76561198074645657,Recommended,225080,18110508,"Posted: 19 September, 2015",all,<~Ivan~:P,"This game was just simply awesome!Fun to play!Graphics are amazingsoundtracks are chill, soothing, up beat ectThere is  always something new as you progress.You will loose track of time xDThe story it self gets intense as you progressProably the only game that has made me laugh and cry...I was not used to playing with a controller and move both characters at the same time but  got used to it with time. The characters speak in some foreing language, therefore there's no subtitles or a language to set the game to. However the characters speak for themselves and by that I mean the character's action will help you understand whats goin on."
76561198112035769,Recommended,225080,17449768,"Posted: 8 August, 2015",all,Thanatus,An immersive puzzle game with an innovative game play. You control both brothers at once using both sticks of your controller. The puzzles aren't that hard though.The fantasy world is great with a lot of room for interpretation. While following your main story of the two brothers you encounter other side stories - all of them interesting. Over all the story telling is the main reason you should play this.The game characters speak in a fantasy language with no subtitles. Nonetheless the characters are able display their emotions perfectly. In the end I was totally captivated by the events in the story and the character development.It's a short but great game I would recommend everyone to play if they like story driven games.
,Recommended,225080,12115179,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,"Slippy, No!","Just finished the game via keyboard. Something to warn you about: you will take screenshots, and you will take a lot of them. This game is beautiful, in both story and graphics. If you are at all interested in art, design, mood, story telling, film, or photography: get this game. It may work better with a controller, but I did keyboard throughout with great enjoyment. Flag these designers for the future because they're going places."
76561198139619067,Recommended,225080,16140240,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,azozx14,لعبة رهيبة مدتها 3 ساعات لكن مستحيييييييل تنساها
,Recommended,225080,10954104,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,PenguinOWN,"Love it! I first was like '' Waste of money '' but after playing 2 hours, I really started to like the game. Graphics of this game is really beautifull. I haven't finished it yet, but worth purchasing it for 3 Euro on the summer sale. One of the best purchases I've made. The only thing I can't handle is the controlls, I am using X360 controller, and sometimes I mess up with both brothers, guess I need to get used to it.-----------------------------------SPOILER BELOW----------------------------------------Okay, I just completed the game, took me 3h. kinda sad ending, I wished it was possible with another ending than getting big brother killed. Maybe there should be more endings, like sad ending and good ending. This one is sad, but there could be a way to save big brother, and make him live. I just got all of the achievements too, I guess I won't play this game anymore since it isn't anything else left to do. More games like this would be fun!"
,Recommended,225080,20099699,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Sapz,"Great Story, it's like interacting in a movie"
76561198060751093,Recommended,225080,13221409,"Posted: 3 December, 2014",all,Ching,"While there isn't much content in this gem (it took me around 3 hours to beat it, and I did so slowly) the content that is there is some of the most artistic and beautiful that I have ever experienced in a video game. The basic premise is that you control two brothers who are trying to save their father at the same time. You NEED a controller to play. The game looks good, plays good and sounds good.The story is beautiful, and by far the most memorable I have ever played.And my god, that ending.Do yourself a favor and play this game. (Buy it on sale though)"
,Recommended,225080,8378111,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,LΩTE,"Nuff said, 5/5"
,Recommended,225080,10636556,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,rondertaker,goddamn is this game gorgeous.
,Recommended,225080,7566852,"Posted: 4 November, 2013",all,Няшный Чебурек,"Brothers: A Tale of Two Sons is a true marriage of gameplay and narrative, and it is frankly a complete triumph  (С)DZ"
,Recommended,225080,8726007,"Posted: 16 January, 2014",all,M. Doucet,"Astonishingly beautiful game aesthetically, especially in the second half. Give it a go if you have a 360 controller, as it likely won't even register a generic gamepad (it didn't for me) and playing with the keyboard will leave you pulling out your hair. That said, I'm inclined to rate it lower for not only poor controls, but a couple of game-breaking bugs and what felt like a thoroughly half-baked PC port. 6/10."
,Recommended,225080,13575642,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Emme,"Wow, one of the best games i have ever played. Incredible story and suprisingly simple (no dialogs). Even though its a bit short, I liked it very much. The ending is really powerful and well imaginated."
76561198053490581,Recommended,225080,8842869,"Posted: 25 January, 2014",all,An Nàtaidh,"An emotional folk tale of a gameI completed it in just over two hours but I would play it again to get the interesting acheivements, which I totally overlooked on my first playthrough (I'd recommend ignoring them too as they contain spoilers).Controller is advised, although you can actually use the keyboard. Great wee gaming experience."
,Recommended,225080,21079305,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,Jabba The Hutt,This game has a very good story that is told extremely well easy and simple but entertainingvery fun to play that was a amazing indie game ever!
,Recommended,225080,24700128,"Posted: 3 August, 2016",all,Vogopolis,"To be honest I underestimated this game.  I thought that it would turn out to be overrated.This is a truly beautiful game.  This game made me feel genuine happiness, sadness, horror, and awe.  This game gave me goosebumps, many, many, many cold chills, and even a few tears.And it did all of this in a few hours.  And without a word of English."
,Recommended,225080,14165188,"Posted: 25 January, 2015",all,Miri,"I started Brothers - A Tale of Two Sons with no expectations in particular and woah was I blown away. Despite it being a fairly short game (about 3 hours) it was a very memorable and unique experience. The story is a simple one: you play as two brothers going on a journey to find medicine for their sick father. Their adventure takes them exploring through Scandinavian style landscapes, through forests, caves and snowy lands, and you will meet creatures and animals of all sorts, both friendly and not so friendly. The emotion and atmosphere in the game is superb.You can play with both keyboard and game controller, I played using the latter one. In the gameplay itself you take control of both brothers at once using the joysticks and right and left trigger buttons (to interact), and the game has made good use of these mechanics for puzzle- and task solving. It may take some time getting used to, but the learning curve is fair and in most cases you know what you must to do to make progress.If I were to pick on anything it would be the non-real language they speak. In the beginning it put me off a bit and made some moments seem almost unintentionally comical, but as I played I got used to it. In hindsight I admire that they have conveyed the story of the game so well without a ""real"" language, and maybe because of it more people can relate to it.Brothers - A Tale of Two Sons is an amazing game and it kept me excited all the way to the end. If you enjoyed Journey on PS3 you will enjoy this."
76561198031568587,Recommended,225080,14302534,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,Quantum Strike,An excellent title which is best played to be fully enjoyed. Well worth taking 3 hours or so to play it in one sitting. Brilliant soundtrack captures every part of the game perfect.
,Recommended,225080,20073115,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,VampiruS,One of the best game i ever bought! one single F**kng word its AWESOME..
76561197970357086,Recommended,225080,8947868,"Posted: 2 February, 2014",all,peon|Banjo,"Beautiful. Nice controls. Like a fanatsy movie, not to short and not too long. Took me two evenings to play it through."
76561198074322635,Recommended,225080,22214061,"Posted: 3 April, 2016",all,jwanaps,"Innocent game with a unique feel, a tad short but tells a great story!"
,Recommended,225080,24208025,"Posted: 9 July, 2016",all,Ichigo Sensei ←~(Ψ▼ｰ▼),"''Naia.. Naia...Naaaiaaa'' (ಥ ̯ ಥ)I love this game though they say you might need a controller to play for it but if you can handle micro management then you'll be fine cause you have to control both of the brothers.to tell you the truth the controlling system of two brothers mind f*cked me a lot but overall you'll find this game to be pretty good.just make sure not to feel the feel,you hear me? (ಥ‿ಥ)"
,Recommended,225080,24137022,"Posted: 6 July, 2016",all,EvilPhilanthropist,A short adventure game that know how to hit your emotions.The story is amazing and fluent. Scenery is enchanting.I'm very happy to buy it in summer sale it's great experienceI highly recomend it.!
,Recommended,225080,24246586,"Posted: 10 July, 2016",all,||GwynBleid||,"A gem of a game with an emotional and heart touching story. Set in a fantasy world, with beautiful graphics, soundtrack and unique gameplay mechanics. The game is short but you will not feel cheated once you finish the game. A must own title for all the gamers.P.S:- A controller is recommended to play this game."
,Recommended,225080,24583104,"Posted: 28 July, 2016",all,Orange_s1mple<3,Beautiful Game. By All Means. Highly Recommended. Everyone Should go Through This One At Least Once in Their Lives. Amazing Work!
76561197965077110,Recommended,225080,12022466,"Posted: 8 September, 2014",all,MoZeDK,"This is one of the best games I have played in a while, it might not be that long but a good use of sound to convay emotions is done really good"
,Recommended,225080,16883492,"Posted: 4 July, 2015",all,SIGILL,"The gameplay itself is thin and the game is short, but the story, optional interactions, visuals, music and sound effects make up for those two 'cons'.This game definitely invoked different kinds of emotions for me, which is something that has only very rarely been achieved by video games.I would say more but anything I'm going to add is going to spoil the surprise of the game :)"
,Recommended,225080,8740220,"Posted: 17 January, 2014",all,Shim Sham,"This game offers a lot for an indie title. The core mechanic of using two characters at the same time is interesting and well used throughout the story. This coupled with great visual design and good sound design, make this game very satisfying to look at and play.The puzzles and environments change at a good pace and keep the game feeling fresh, always offering some new way to use the games mechanic.If there is something ""bad"" to be said about the game, it would be the length. I played the game through in ~3 hours and I was not going at a fast pace. Though I say ""bad"" because really, the game felt like it was just the right length. The story played itself out very well and I had a feeling of accomplishment when it all came to an end. I would recommend to play this game through in one sitting, to get the whole experience.A really well told story with excellent game mechanics, make this game an amazing entirety. Would definitely recommend for anyone who likes a good story, and a good game."
,Recommended,225080,20151551,"Posted: 31 December, 2015",all,Spectre Jekel,"Stunning visuals, compelling narrative, well stiched together game design and a memorable soundtrack. Worth a hell of a lot more than the buck fifity I paid for it."
76561197975488037,Recommended,225080,16378956,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,BUTT Jay,"Buy GamePlay GameTry Not to CryCry A Lot???Impress Females With Your Newfound Sensitive SideProfitIn all seriousness, this game is a fantastic example of how our interactive medium can create incredibly powerful stories. A majority of the game's emotional impact on me was conveyed through the control scheme. Buy this game, and play it."
,Recommended,225080,33108538,Posted: 1 July,all,Nogard,"Hit me right in the feels, it's a must play for sure."
,Recommended,225080,27998769,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,LuisHenriqhjp,"This beautiful and emotionally engrossing tale of two brother's quest to save their father, though short, will bring tears to your eyes by the time you're done with it."
,Recommended,225080,33125893,Posted: 2 July,all,Cantankerous,"The game is extremely short and quite simple plotwise and mechanically, apart from the way you control the two brothers. It is fantastic though – engaging, poignant and has the best meld of mechanics and narrative I have ever seen. Definitely recommended."
76561197970626427,Recommended,225080,8666722,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,Slaxalot,"Exceptional game mechanics/story interplay, nice storytelling and soundtrack. Didn't exactly leave me cold...Highly recommended!"
,Recommended,225080,8377711,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,muddymind,One of the best games I've ever played! Amazing gameplay and story.
,Recommended,225080,8442888,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,sir_Evan,"Beautiful, clever, and surprisingly moving, this is the best adventure game I've played in a long time, if not ever."
76561198009332213,Recommended,225080,7559107,"Posted: 3 November, 2013",all,Bearded Mosquito,"Do yourself a favour - grab a controller and play this bijou of a game. Gorgeous, charming, gripping and humane - go for it, no need to thank me."
,Recommended,225080,32951231,Posted: 28 June,all,Outhouse,"Bought the game during the steam sales not thinking to much about it.  It has an interesting concept of 1 player controlling 2 brothers. It might feel a bit wonky sometimes, due to you being able to control 2 seperate characters at the same time.Where this game truly shines is the story and the connection you form with the brothers. The scenery and 'side quests' are also very nice. Is it worth the money i paid? I'd say yes. If it's worth full price... I don't know. The story is short yet captivating, but the controls can sometimes be a bit harsh. An interesting adventure will keep you playing.TIP: I strongly recommend you to play this with a controller!"
76561198128842690,Recommended,225080,33191754,Posted: 3 July,all,sik231,The game is definitely different. Having to control two people is a pretty cool mechanic. Music and visuals were on point. The game can be predictable at times. Game is only 2.5 hours long but well worth the amount I paid during the Steam summer sale.
,Recommended,225080,33187909,Posted: 3 July,all,Fant1ckx,"Im not crying ,my eyes are sweating"
76561197991544055,Recommended,225080,9809610,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,pmental,"A story beautifully told through in game narrative and without words. Not very long as a game, but there is no ""filler"" material here, it's all quality. The game works great mechanically (provided you have a gamepad, which really is necessary). Beautiful visuals and great music accompany this one. Beware of sudden attacks of feelings."
,Recommended,225080,9838823,"Posted: 16 April, 2014",all,ShannonBlue,"Hands down, one of the most beautiful games I have ever played.  The game itself is wonderful - the mechanics are simple and work well and the puzzles are smart but never too frustrating.  But what really shines in this game is the art direction and storytelling - you follow two brothers on a journey to find a cure for their sick father in what is one of the most beautiful fantasy universes I have ever seen in a game.  You will cross through frozen towns and giant battlefields in the mountains, encountering all kinds of interesting creatures and people along the way.  The brothers communicate in their own language of the universe, so the player understands nothing - a form of storytelling that could have fallen flat but the creators pulled it off really well.  The game is so charming and it is easy to fall in love with the two heroes.  No spoilers, but damn THAT ENDING.  If you enjoy cinematic storytelling you will love this game. BUY ITTTTTT"
76561198003071933,Recommended,225080,9883245,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Trumgottist,This was the biggest emotional connection I've ever had with a game. Amazing.
,Recommended,225080,9768353,"Posted: 8 April, 2014",all,How Dare You Steve?!?!,You can ride goats GOTY
,Recommended,225080,9796682,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Unalive3,"Brothers - A Tale of Two Sons is a short (~5 hours), yet superb game with intuitive controls. The game is made for using the Xbox360 Controller as you control each brother with a joystick and shoulder trigger. The graphics are excellent and very artistic. The story is both grand and somber. I would recommend Brothers to anyone who would rather spend a day playing a film-like game than going to the theater and watching a movie. Definitely pick this one up if you enjoy story based, low difficulty, and puzzling games."
76561197999015663,Recommended,225080,9880396,"Posted: 20 April, 2014",all,Aros,"Another well crafted Swedish game. Although it has 90% metacritics score I would go much higher. What the game does not have it simply does not need. Wonderful daunting story told without a single word and yet so pulling... It's difficult to say what could be better, but I can definitely say what couldn't. Audio. The soundtrack and the environment sounds - I have never played a game so advanced on this field. I had literlly had the feeling of being inside. This is a must have game."
19905181213141516,Recommended,225080,33239082,Posted: 4 July,all,Ivory Fox Boy,"There is one primary reason you should buy this game, it one of the few games I have seen that blends it's core mechanics into it's narritive. Once you get used to controlling both brothers with two joy sticks, what would be unremarkable platforming becomes interesting, and challenging. The character models have not aged that well, but the world's appearance is beautiful. The music is very whimsy, but appropriate for each section of the game your in. The only I suggest is this, given that short time this game lasts I would advise that you shut everything else off, and play this game in isolation until it's completed. It is very much in the same area as Journey. It is short, it is beautifulk, and it will most likely help you forget how bad your day has been for a couple hours."
,Recommended,225080,9781369,"Posted: 10 April, 2014",all,Konvection,"I have always wanted a video game to make me cry.It is mostly my own fault as I tend to be a mechanics first, narrative second kind of player. I think it's rational enough considering that the medium should focus on the degree of interactivity first and then supplement that with a strong narrative. I wish that would happen more often.When a game focuses solely on its mechanics, the story tends to seem like an afterthought. This model has evolved over the years with new technology and larger budgets, but the primary problem is still present: there has yet to be a video game that has the perfect marriage of both. Like what Don Quixote is to books and Citizen Kane is to movies, there must be a game that can single-handedly shift this paradigm and create a new precedent. And in the most unexpected of places, I believe that I have discovered one of the most compelling narrative experiences of all time: Brothers - A Tale of Two Sons.Brothers was created by Starbreeze Studios, a developer who is not typically known for small, story-driven games sold at a $15 dollar price point. In fact, the majority of their most popular titles are first person shooters with the phenomenal Chronicles of Riddick: Assault on Dark Athena and PAYDAY: THE HEIST leading the charge. In addition to Starbreeze's development, Brothers was aided by visionary Swedish film director, Josef Fares. It was an unusual and ambitious notion to consider a film director to help create a video game, but Starbreeze felt it was necessary, and they were right.Brothers tells the story of two brothers, one young and one old, working together in an epic journey to save their dying father by obtaining the waters at the Tree of Life. The dialogue between these brothers is done through utter gibberish as opposed to recognizable language. I wouldn't call it gibberish in the traditional sense, though, as there are some common words, such as the names of the brothers, Naiee and Nyaa, which are words heard consistently throughout the story. However, at no point does the game try to translate the language that is being spoken. It does not rely on intelligible language to tell the conventional tale; you know what you have to do even if you do not understand what you are told, either through gestures or the way that the environment presents the problem. It tells a coherent and recognizable story through complete ambiguity, and that is a remarkable achievement.On a fundamental level, Brothers is a single-player cooperative adventure game. As dichotomous as it sounds, this cooperative mechanic is true as you control each brother individually. It’s remarkably simple. The older brother, Nyaa, is controlled by the top left analog stick of the Xbox 360 controller, whereas young Naiee is by the bottom right analog stick. I have never seen a controller used in such an unconventional manner. Most games have to adapt to the interface technology; they have to build games around the way the controller works. And, of course, Brothers does that as every game has to do that to some extent. However, what Brothers manages to do is create a game that is perfectly suited to its controls and takes full advantage of what that controller has to offer.The core mechanics of Brothers exist in its platforming, puzzle solving, and control of two characters at once. The puzzles in particular are a testament to Starbreeze’s mastery of the genre. They never overstay their welcome and are always supplemented with more challenging and varied obstacles. They are not necessarily difficult puzzles, but they are satisfying ones that take advantage of the game’s unique controls. For instance, there was one sequence in which both of the brothers are tied together by a long rope. Unlike the normal freedom of movement presented throughout the game, the rope creates a unique restrictive dynamic to many of the usual tasks in the game. It makes the usually-mundane act of movement a more alien and onerous undertaking. Brothers consistently shows that it is not afraid to challenge the traditional gameplay approach in hopes for a more engaging experience.Brothers delivers the most emotionally charged stories I have ever experienced within a video game. Have I cried at the movies before? Sure. Have I cried when reading a book? Absolutely. However, I have never felt such a powerful emotional reaction with any video game until I played Brothers — and I am thrilled to admit that. I not only cried, I experienced a full breadth of emotional responses including sadness, happiness, wanderlust, horror, and most importantly in a game about family, compassion. And all of these emotions are delivered in a fantastic and mature way that at no point ever feels forced. Everything feels genuine; and it elicits all of these emotional responses without ever telling you to feel in a certain way. It does not tell its story through exposition-laden cut scenes or a bunch of celebrity voice acting. It did it by simply showing you this thematically beautiful world and allowing you to get immersed and involved in it, and many games struggle to achieve that.Brothers, unfortunately, suffers from some problems. There is no real question about that. Most of the time it comes from the game’s rigid adherence to the physical location where each brother must stand when taking part in an action. The game requires that each of those characters stand in a set position, and if you are standing in the opposite position it will awkwardly swap them over and rotate the characters. To see such unnatural movements within a mechanically focused game like Brothers is jarring, and unfortunately it made for a less immersive experience at times. I would also heavily criticize the aesthetic of the game. While its art direction is serviceable, the actual graphical fidelity leaves something to be desired. There were a few textures that looked outright hideous, and the design of many of the character models felt uninspired. It then became glaringly obvious that Starbreeze allocated most of its resources to the design of the brothers rather than the fidelity of the world in which they inhabit. Nevertheless, in those spellbinding moments before the games conclusion, it is hard to remember what, if anything, was wrong with the game in the first place.The culmination of the Brothers experience lies in its masterfully presented ending.  It doesn’t just show you this powerful ending moment and expect an emotional response; it lets you play it. It lets you conduct this horrifying moment in its entirety. And suddenly, you realize that this game was never telling you a story; you were playing the story. Your journey was the story.And that’s when I cried."
,Recommended,225080,9706693,"Posted: 2 April, 2014",all,SneakyMcCoy,"What a beautiful game.  Stunning graphics, wonderful music, and an immersive world.  You play as two brothers, simultaneously, using a controller (yes, a controller is *highly* recommended for this game).  Control the older brother with the left joystick, and the younger with the right.  It's a mechanic I haven't seen done before, and it works wonderfully.  Never did I feel too pressured or flustered with the controls; they were intuitive and fit right in with the game.The story features no real dialect, and the characters speak their own language.  As a result, the story grows from interactions and gestures rather than dialogue.  This is one game that I think truly demonstrates what the video game medium can contribute to society and art that other media cannot, and so I would highly recommend it."
,Recommended,225080,9866730,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Wysiwyg,"Roughly 3 hours of gameplay. Great visuals, great music, and a simple but innovative control scheme. The first Chapter is a bit slow but after you work your way through to the end (and epilogue) it becomes a falcon punch straight in the feels. Highly recommended."
76561198043657635,Recommended,225080,9868364,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,苦瓜,Hits you right in the feels.
,Recommended,225080,9729249,"Posted: 4 April, 2014",all,Columbus007,This was one of the best games I've ever played. It's a work of art. Fantastic.
,Recommended,225080,9746767,"Posted: 6 April, 2014",all,KaMikaZeDaN,"Fantastic game, you really do need a controller to enjoy the game properly though. My first attempt to play without a controller put me off the game, I hadn't a clue what was going on, but once I switched to my controller everything made sense. It's full of little extras waiting to be poked or explored, the game looks beautiful and plays smooth. Didn't run into any issues other than challenging puzzles :)"
,Recommended,225080,9684921,"Posted: 31 March, 2014",all,theromulans,"Got a gamepad controller? Good, you're going to need it. This is a great little adventure game that actually delivered on many of the glowing reviews around. The game world is well realised, but it will be your interaction with the controller that really strikes you... especially during certain moments. The story was great, as well as the many small diversions as you go. The achievements are worth special mention here too - excellently handled, encouraging exploration and experimentation.The only negative is just how brief the game is - this is a world I want to revisit and explore further.Is this game worth playing? Absolutely recommended."
76561198172485746,Recommended,225080,33227723,Posted: 4 July,all,PsychoGiraffe101,"F@#KING AMAZING I didnt realise how much time had passed I was enjoying this game so much, stayed up till 3 am playing this... worth every second."
,Recommended,225080,10763650,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Theoban,"I laughed and I cried and I only do that at things that are brilliant, like this. And also some adverts."
76561198004865888,Recommended,225080,10333980,"Posted: 3 June, 2014",all,Gloriosa,"It is a cooperative game between two brothers who seek salvation from his father. I found it interesting the interactive mode of the game between the two brothers who have to solve puzzles, while facing enemies without taking a single hit. The game is small, very immersive, with amazing graphics. Worth every penny!"
,Recommended,225080,10331226,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Fenris,Point taken. I'm gonna be nicer to my siblings from now on (Only the one that nice to me :D).
,Recommended,225080,11646569,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,RETRO STORM,"Rating: 4.5/5Brothers is a relatively short game, but is rich in story and art.  The single-player co-op experience is handled very well: the puzzles challenge your multi-tasking ability without seeming too unfair.  There are plenty of checkpoints so it's never stressfull.  The world's scenery is simplistic, yet stunningly beautiful; the accompanying music sets each scene's tone perfectly.One aspect that I like about the game is that the brothers can interact with the world around them - even if it doesn't add to the story; it makes them seem a lot more human than a lot of other linear games I've played.The only part that I didn't like too much was the end.  While I get the reason for the ending, the way the scene is shot before the credits roll conflicts with the rest of the narrative.Once you've played through the whole game, there isn't much other replay value besides collecting all the easy achievements."
,Recommended,225080,11622403,"Posted: 9 August, 2014",all,Ballz Of Steel,"Interesting story for a game without one single spoken word from any characters. But then again one image is worth a thousand words. It's pretty easy to know what's going on with the two brothers and the others “side quest” characters.The environment is gorgeous and fascinating, while it's absent at the start, there's a lot of fantasy creatures later on. There's tons of place where you wonder what the hell happened here, which makes the game even more mysterious.The gameplay is pretty easy, but fun. The two brothers have each their own advantage and disadvantage and you try to solve the puzzle with teamwork.While this is one amazing adventure, it's pretty grim overall. But it's still worth the time.Prepare to get dem feels.Curse you evil spider lady for taking advantage of my lust!It could have worked between the two of us!  :'("
76561197994487028,Recommended,225080,11626849,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Rexdayo [Ryou],"Good game, Great story. Literally just like watching an action movie in another language. You don't know the language but you understand the story. This game also made me ambidextrous."
,Recommended,225080,32272102,Posted: 8 June,all,Chellick,Played this game to dive into a colorful new world for a few hours. It got dark very fast and left me sad and depressed after two and a half hours.
,Recommended,225080,32481602,Posted: 16 June,all,Daidaloz,A nice little game that you can finish in an evening
76561198027187354,Recommended,225080,32445137,Posted: 15 June,all,Mandrag0ra,"Outstanding game. Compelling storytelling, great graphics and soundtrack. Truly a gem of indie games!"
76561197993344980,Recommended,225080,8612483,"Posted: 7 January, 2014",all,DooFy,Prepare for an emotional rollercoaster with some great puzzle-platforming.The game manages to deliver so much emotion even though the characters speak a completely made up language akin to The Sims.Clocking in at about 3 hours it is indeed short but you will not feel cheated as the game packs a lasting impact that few story driven experiences manages to pull off.Pure genious story telling.
76561198115164532,Recommended,225080,8470562,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,StryveSoul76,Has a great game mechanic and good storyline.
76561198141405487,Recommended,225080,29487851,Posted: 25 January,all,asaad25,So cool !!!9.12 / 10
,Recommended,225080,24524574,"Posted: 25 July, 2016",all,rares 10,"It's a good game with a very interesting game,but this game is short. I recommend you to buy this game if you like sotry mode games. You need a partner to play The Brothers ""A Tale of Two Sons""I like it !"
,Recommended,225080,8433978,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Econael,"More of a narrative than a game, but a pretty good narrative. Definitely the saddest game I've ever played :'("
76561198012644063,Recommended,225080,33171968,Posted: 3 July,all,Quagtine,"It is extremely difficult to say why Brothers a Tale of Two sons is a great game without spoiling it for potential players- so I'll keep this short and sweet.Play it in one sittingUse a ControllerBring tissues because this is one of the saddest games of all time.Brother's a Tale of Two Sons offers the player a collection of interesting puzzles and stunning environments alongside a storyline which is breathtaking and heartwrenching in places. Brother's manages to craft a lovingly memorable storyline without a word of English dialogue- impressive huh? And believe it or not the developers of this game completely understand the overarching subject matter and have utilisesd the controlls of this game so well that it is almost frightening.Please pick this game up- even if you have to pay £10,99 for it- this is an experience and it's most certainly worth your time."
,Recommended,225080,33165459,Posted: 2 July,all,STR,"The only thing difficult about this game is getting used to the controls, but that doesn't mean it's not a fantastic experience. The world the game developers created is so fully realized and awe inspiring that I wish I could have spent another 5+ hours exploring and puzzle-solving my way through it. Impressive how they were able to tell such a rich and moving story relying soley on the music and visuals. 9/10"
,Recommended,225080,32208113,Posted: 5 June,all,Hen,"It's really short but it's amazing, and has one of the best use of controls I've ever seen in a game."
76561198076261239,Recommended,225080,14903855,"Posted: 15 March, 2015",all,thebzin,beautiful... play it alone or with a good buddy.
,Recommended,225080,14915668,"Posted: 16 March, 2015",all,Netto,Short yet interesting story.
76561198042837543,Recommended,225080,14932884,"Posted: 17 March, 2015",all,Akie,"Oh. Just play it. Loved it. Wished it was longer! Oh, stop crying, damn you!"
76561198324406265,Recommended,225080,33271479,Posted: 5 July,all,DannyBoyChipsAhoy,"This game is amazing considering it has gone for a dollar 50 in the Summer Sale 2017. It was very clever how the story was told through gestures rather than speech as the main characters, Big and Small Brother spoke in a foreign language. There were lots of awesome tasks to complete, swinging along the edge of cliffs, climbing walls, flying inventions, and lots of contraptions to work with, this game is amazing for its money. I would highly reccomend picking up a controller if this game is going to be bought, because its so hard to navigate using a keyboard. Best 1.50 ive ever spent ;)"
76561198008634626,Recommended,225080,33302973,Posted: 6 July,all,villan in glasses,"It took me nearly 4 years after purchasing this game to actually play it. I always remember how Totalbiscuit said it was the best game he ever played and now I know why.This game has an atmosphere and a way of telling a story that no game comes close to expressing. When you finally complete this short but sweet game you can't help but recap everything you have come across and reflect.It was only 2 hours and for most games that would not be a good value price. However, the 2 hour experience I had with this game was more than 2000 hours playing Dota2, 3000+ combined hours playing so many variations of CoD, and any other game that I have exerienced."
,Recommended,225080,8601476,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,RomaVictor09,"You're damn right I recommend this game. The simultaneous control is more than just a clever player input decision by the developers; it's actually a metaphor for the brothers’ relationship to each other. As the story progresses, this concept becomes a defining characteristic of the game’s charm and impact. You might be asking, why isn’t Brothers a co-op game which you can play with a friend? Well, play it for yourself and find out why. Buy yourself an Xbox controller, play it in Big Picture mode, and tell me when you're finished so we can talk about it."
,Recommended,225080,33336820,Posted: 7 July,all,Gorczy,"A mechanical masterpiece, this game utilizes the controller in great effect to create such an immersive experience. Every other game that I've played has used the contoller or keyboard as a means by a story. Brothers: A Tale of Two Sons creates its story through its controls alone. Albeit short and not too difficult, it's a very well paced and well written game that I can definitely recommend."
,Recommended,225080,30801338,Posted: 28 March,all,Avo,Really fun game if you just want to chill.
,Recommended,225080,33371858,Posted: 8 July,all,OMGdoughnut,"Well, what can I say? Without spoiler'ing it - I didn't expect it to be how it turns out.Seriously, play it. If not, watch someone play it. The story is amazing, the graphics and sound effects are so good.10/10 - Story telling at it's finest."
76561198012861441,Recommended,225080,9675597,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,soozi,"a stunning achievement in storytelling and gameplay - and not a word of English required (ie. nobody speaks, communications are by gesture and gibberish only, and oh so well done, coming from someone like myself who usually tends to writes off games without 'chatter') - i LOVED this game - a beautifully told, poignant, graphically gorgeous, charming and engaging tale that plays like a dream - AAA+++++++ also, found the dual character controls quite easy to get my head around, contrary to what i have read elsewhere - the guys who put this together should be well proud :) hoping to see more of this type of game in our future ...."
,Recommended,225080,33196992,Posted: 3 July,all,Preston,Epic 10/10
,Recommended,225080,33429204,Posted: 10 July,all,Ducky,"Art is pretty, controlling 2 characters at once is an interesting/difficult mechanic. Storyline is quite good but sad.It's ~3 hours to finish, perfect length for both the story and gameplay mechanics."
,Recommended,225080,13651472,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,mgoosi,"I just finished this game and it is incredible. I thought that Brothers was going to be a short, sad narrative driven game that I would laugh about upon finishing, but it is so much more than that. Never before has a game delivered such emotional resonance to me and never before have i seen it so streamlined into gameplay. Brothers is haunting, powerful and brilliant. There is absolutely no reason not to pick it up during the sale."
,Recommended,225080,24491815,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Bearded Vagabond,I refuse to burry Him. Because brothers don’t let each other wander in the dark alone.
,Recommended,225080,28576763,"Posted: 23 December, 2016",all,OCT 4 2003 10:54 PM,Ive lost a testicle and menstruated a little.
,Recommended,225080,33324249,Posted: 6 July,all,Death Boi,Older brother gets laid infront of younger brother. 11/10
,Recommended,225080,33547077,Posted: 14 July,all,Addn1s,"Very good, relaxing game and co-op experience, with beautiful visuals and amazing audio. Definitely worth it!"
,Recommended,225080,8558046,"Posted: 4 January, 2014",all,blakdeth,"Brothers: A Tale of Two Sons is a dark, hauntingly beautiful game. A must-play for any gamer interested in a strong, story-driven adventure. Easily one of the best games of 2013."
,Recommended,225080,9414569,"Posted: 10 March, 2014",all,liorean,"There are not enough superlative adjectives to properly describe this game.This game is the best emotional experience I have ever had. This is a more impressive work of art than any book I have read, any music I have heard, any movie that I have seen. And I'll try to dive into why and try to explain it.First of all - while a lot of the story and emotions are told with graphics and music and gestures and gibberish dialogue, this game manages to make you emotionally invested in the characters both because you play them both at the same time, and you constantly have to cooperate and interact, but also because you develop your feeling for them as the mechanics of the game develop and changes. The real experience of this game lies in holding that controller in your hands. In fact, if you as a PC gamer don't have a controller, this game alone should be motivation enough for you to get one.Second - the game has gorgeous, fabulous, amazing, stellar, fantastic graphics design. It is cute and incredibly well made when it comes to the characters, they present their personality through an amazingly well developed series of animations and articulations of their own emotions and thoughts, and use plenty of body language. The environment is a gorgeous watercolour-style and you even have a specific game mechanic just to watch the surroundings in the form of benches to sit on. The game progresses through a diverse set of environs that are very vertical, which gives you an amazing world to look at in addition to the nearer parts you can actually go to and through, which are just as good looking. Waterfalls and rock trails and town environments and mountains and battlefields and castles and woods, the game is fantastic in every aspect. I would say maybe half of the entire game time, you are looking at a view that would very well deserve to be a dektop screenshot, because it just looks that good.Third - the game is full of interesting interactions with the world, of characters and items that build the atmosphere, and who reacts to what you do in a way that really fleshes out and makes everything feel more immersive. And when things get tense and your controller starts rumbling, it enhances an emotion and setting you are already feeling from what the game has already managed to express to you.Fourth - Brothers has an amazing atmospherical sound design, from the gibberish language that makes dialogue work entirely through how things are said rather than any content of what the character say, to the ambience that makes the settings and environs feel amazingly well developed, from wind to waterfalls to strange mechanical apparatus to characters in the background, to the soundtrack that couldn't be a better fit to the emotions of the moment.Fifth - the game lets you tell the story, cutscenes are only used for telling story in amazingly small and short bursts, the vast majority of the storytelling is made by you, on the controller, guiding Naiee and Nyaa through the world.Sixth - while the aesthetics of the game are nothing short of stellar, the mechanics are solid and very well put together. Animations and actions are snappy and the characters' movements are very much not only well connected to what you do, they also tell some of the story in the form of changing slightly to adjust to you for example swimming, or holding two ends of an item, to one of the brothers being hurt, or even his emotional state.Seventh - when it comes to storytelling and world building, this game has it all. When you play it, it will be the most immersive piece of storytelling you have ever experienced. The setting goes from cute and wondrous to tense and dangerous to playful to sinister to somber to gross to harmonic to bereavement. It tells a story of a fantasy world where the sinister and the playful live side by side, where carefree happy life is just a stone's throw away from wizards turnings armies into snow sculptures, giants waging war, wolves hunting you and sinister trees trying to kill you.To categorise, this game is a single player cooperative 3D puzzle platformer adventure game. It is not long, but it is meaningful. It is a piece of art.This is the single best piece of storytelling, the most emotional of all works of art, the most immersive game I have ever experienced, and I do not doubt that if you play it the right way, undisturbed and undistracted from the game and the controller in your hands, you will feel the same. I cannot praise it enough. This is the best game I have ever played. It is the first game that has made me cry from the emotions it conveyed. And I want you to experience that too.Don't watch it being played on youtube or twitch. Don't watch a friend play it beside you. Don't play it in an environment full of distractions and sounds and people that interupt you. Play it where you can fully enjoy it, find a time and room free of distractions, put headphones on and take the controller in your hands, and just play it. When in the game, don't rush through it. Take the time to sit on the benches, view the environments, interact with the people and animals and items, immerse youself in the world and the setting, and you will be rewarded with a highly emotional and beautiful experience in a way I don't think any other game does."
,Recommended,225080,10882101,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Caii,"The game is very short. I only got 2 hours out of it. However, I found it quite different to games I usually play so it was nice to switch it up."
,Recommended,225080,10796437,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,bdlio,"Loved every moment of it!The game looks incredibly beautiful - almost every frame looks like a gorgeous painting.There's hardly any visible texture repetition, it all looks unique - it's one of those games where I'm just glad I got my computer also hooked up to a big TV screen to be able to take it all in.The story is simple but moving and there's no (english) spoken word in the entire game - it's all conveyed through gesture and mood and I think this really adds to the game and draws you in more than real words could.It's not a very long game (~5 hours) and neither the puzzles nor the control mechanics are really challenging but this does not take away from the game - for the time it lasts it stays fresh and enjoyable and offers a really good time.I'm sure it won't be long before I replay the game - 9/10."
76561198095141770,Recommended,225080,15317025,"Posted: 11 April, 2015",all,King Horse,"This game changed my life.Before playing Brothers - A Tale of Two Sons, I always wanted a brother. I was a quiet kid in school. I silently cried all the time. I went through a Goth phase, a Punk phase, and a Christ phase. But they were all band-aids over my wound which was not having a brother. Plus my mom was killed during a New Years Eve. My parents were partying really hard, and she was trampled by a zebra that had snorted drugs. My dad went to jail.Anyway, I was lost after high school. Sometimes I visited my dad in prison, but I didn't know what to do with my life. So I got a job at the nearby Krispy Kreme. I didn't eat any of the stuff we sold because I didn't want to die from what we injected into the donuts, but I put them on display and sold'em to other sad people. And, I kinda liked their sadness; but it wasn't brotherhood. I bet many of them had brothers.One day, while crying and playing Dota 2, a Mexican guy typed something about Brothers - A Tale of Two Sons and that I was a noob or something. I told him to eat a♥♥♥♥♥♥and reported him for being Mexican. We lost the match, and I cried. Then, when I closed the game, there it was, Brothers - A Tale of Two Sons. It was a game! About the joys of having a brother, it seemed; I had to play it.It turned out to be even more than what I thought it would. I won't spoil any details, but just know that it let me go through the entirety of what brotherhood must be in real life. Brotherhood with your own blood. And the ending—don’t worry, no spoilers--near the end of the game, something happens to your brother, my brother, and you get to do something to him. It was the best moment of my life.Since then I've quit my job at the Krispy Kreme. I've been at community college for almost a year now, and I have all A's. I don't even cry around other men anymore. All because of that random Mexican guy, mentioning this work of art. I now know what it’s like to have a brother.I used to cry every day. Since finishing Brothers – A Tale of Two Sons, I haven’t cried once."
76561197994380777,Recommended,225080,18546323,"Posted: 18 October, 2015",all,Magonus,"Brothersis a very innovative and relievingly simple puzzle game that is correctly described as a single-player co-op.  And it's a good story.  Don't look for spoilers, don't even look at the achievements.""Adventure"" is a wonderful idea, but often poorly executed.  Not so inBrothers.  The overall emotional swells of the story do land well, although some elements lacked the foreshadowing to really land a narrative impact—but I may be nitpicking.  You may find a bug or two, but those are easily forgiven given the majestically realized world.This is a game you can certainly complete on your keyboard (I did) if you don't own an Xbox controller.  If you enjoy classic fantasies and fairy tales, or have enjoyed titles likeJourney,BastionandDear Esther, you are well advised to pick upBrothers - A Tale of Two Sons."
,Recommended,225080,26949491,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,phantomlover13,"One of the best games in my library. Not only is the story engaging and emotional, the controls are unique. All in all it's a great gameplay experience and a wonderful immersive storyline."
,Recommended,225080,18906768,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,Chewshkers™,A wonderful fairy tale!
76561198188733713,Recommended,225080,18618207,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,stylezuk,"The story is very small and doesn't take much time to finish but along the game you become close to the brothers and the sadness and joy to prevail, as a dual control game it's so weel implemented alway feeling that step, to get the next invinroments that the brothers have to teamwork, the game artwork is stunning and really helps to a awesome game even though a small 8/10"
76561198052475353,Recommended,225080,18827750,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,Gash Dusen,"The dichotomous controls are a clever idea, though it will take some extra brainpower to maneuver 2 characters at the same time; it can be annoying, since the controls remain the same regardless of the position of the characters, yet tolerable.The puzzles are a few steps below a Zelda game, but still good enough to keep interest.The story and visuals are definitely the meat of the game. It's easy to get sucked into this gorgeous world for a few hours. I particularly remember the glider scene as being my favorite. Each scene tells its own story. The two brothers pass by a lot of said scenes on their journey, making it truly feel like you are on an adventure.Avoid the Let's Plays. You need to experience it for yourself."
76561197990539359,Recommended,225080,12003510,"Posted: 6 September, 2014",all,gscualo,"What a stunning surprise!. It's good to remember that a very good game not always is about of bullets or crashes. Here is a beautiful sample of very nice graphics, plot and a clever gameplay using just a few controller buttons. Refreshing!."
,Recommended,225080,18649817,"Posted: 23 October, 2015",all,Bijwa,"I finished this game with a friend who played the little brother, it was a great bonding exercise.Depression simulator 2015. 10/10 - Would get depressed again."
,Recommended,225080,19307385,"Posted: 27 November, 2015",all,HEM LEK,this game make me cry like a baby
76561198041636869,Recommended,225080,19246326,"Posted: 24 November, 2015",all,Brother Alpha,"This is an excellent puzzle game with a rather unique mechanic. You control two brothers with one controller. It does take a bit to get used to, but it is worth it. The puzzles are intuitive and they use the mechanic well."
76561197998753254,Recommended,225080,16406137,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,[RqGe.m0re] NqKe.cH,"Well, here is the story :Bought the gameDidn't know you needed a controllerI have no controllerF*ck the gameWait, I have an ideaAsk girlfriend if she wants to play a special gameTell her I bought the game to spend time with her, she believes itTurn this game into 2 players game, controls are simple enough for herGirlfriend likes the game and keeps asking me to play with herI win11/10, recommended."
,Recommended,225080,15841126,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Zach4422,Used beautiful scenery and well designed levels and controls to tell a great story. It is not the longest game(took 2 and a half hours to complete) but It achieved what it wanted to achieve and I did not stop playing until I beat it.Great game. 9.5/10
76561198130769077,Recommended,225080,17295464,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Majestic DP420,"10/10 This story made me truly see how important it was to use team work{Even though it was only me playing}. The story was amazing and had an ending that I'd not soon forget. Stage after stage I felt myself being pulled deeper and deeper into the story, almost completely immersed in the adventure and surrounding world. Loved every minute."
,Recommended,225080,19947888,"Posted: 25 December, 2015",all,nicnac99,Greatest Indie game there ever was.
,Recommended,225080,19659233,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,RotatingCarrot,"A short but incredibly enjoyable game, where you're tasked with controlling two brothers at the same time. You encounter various puzzles and obstacles along the way, and even though it may not be that hard to overcome said puzzles/obstacles, they're still a bit of fun to solve. The gameplay may not be all too deep. But in my opinion this game is worth it because of the atmosphere alone. 10/10"
,Recommended,225080,16471993,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,Rainbow Time,"When you finally start getting used to the controls (which are way more complicated than they  may seem), well...♥♥♥♥♥♥goes down.Brothers -  A Tale of Two sons is a very simple game, you get no instructions and get to figure everything out on your own. The puzzles aren't very hard, so you never have the feeling like you're stuck and can't continue.It's relatively short, you can (and should) finish it in one sitting. Don't be fooled by the sweet and fairytale like appearance, this is not a ''happy-go-lucky'' game. Many feels."
,Recommended,225080,16499904,"Posted: 18 June, 2015",all,Chlobits,"Wonderful graphics, and superb gameplay. I found it a little tricky at first, but soon got into it.Don't play if you're not prepared for tears!"
,Recommended,225080,21238631,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Syimey,Called fake sick to play this but worth it.God of War 'brothers' version.Many thanks dev!
,Recommended,225080,21144556,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,Lord Marsden,"First things first I wanted to write this review before the awe of the game awe of the game wares off (just finished the game around 15 min ago). Brothers a tale of two sons is one of the best story telling games of all times. I've heard amazing things from this game (mainly from total biscuit) so I decided to pick this game up while it was on sale and boy, Did i miss out on a gem. Brothers a tale of two sons is a story telling game about how two brothers are trying to save their ill father. Simple as that. But what really makes this game amazing is the journey and the end. for anyone who has played this game they know that at the end the way the devs made the controls and the characters fit together was so good and almost emotional and left my jaw right open. I would tell you more about this game but all you need to know is its a ""1 person"" co-op game about 2 brothers in a isometric-ish world with unique puzzles intergrating both brothers, basically expereince this game for your self to know what I am talking about. only things I didnt like about this game is the controls are really bad like sometimes I lost track of who I was controlling. But that was probably my bad as I tried to control both brothers at the same time so I lost track of them and I made my analog sticks go into wierd positions. And I know that the game is around 2-3 hours long but it will take you on a real story driven adventure. Verdict: Buy at full price!"
,Recommended,225080,20987830,"Posted: 5 February, 2016",all,Colorblind,"This game is a gem. A solid 2 hours of non stop emotion and personality. For full price I would recommend picking it up, and the afact that its only $1.50 is even better. Prepare to be surprised and shocked with the exceptional quality of the lanscape, characters, and story."
,Recommended,225080,21054296,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,HollowStorm,Amazing Graphics!Magneficiently crafted landscapes.Beautiful Story!And amazing Soundtrack to top it off!This here is a masterpiece and is a must-play title.
,Recommended,225080,20286442,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,Nuclear Moonlight,"I have never come across something quite like Brothers - A Tale of Two Sons. This game reminds me of why I love video games. It is sublime art. A masterpece of a game. The visuals are stunning, the gameplay is very original and the soundtrack is fantastic. But most of all, how it combines these gameplay elements with the heart in the story of Brothers, is why it deserves such praise. One of the best games of all time."
76561198048753294,Recommended,225080,20197572,"Posted: 1 January, 2016",all,Endie,Great game.
,Recommended,225080,20392430,"Posted: 8 January, 2016",all,Ofan1987,"The feels were real. This game, while short(3-4 hours), was nothing short of amazing. Beautiful varied landscapes, a fun and unique gameplay experience using two characters at once, and an amazing story that is both heartwarming and gut-wrenching simultaniously (despite no actual dialogue!). Pick it up ASAP. Wait for a sale if you must (I've seen it as low as $1.50) but it's worth the full price of admission."
76561198196578474,Recommended,225080,20052435,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,In_Oblivion_Lost,To me this was very reminiscent of 'Journey'. It is more an emotional experience than a game to be played. It wants and needs to be felt.You control each brother independently with and analog stick and a trigger button. Working together to travel through this beautiful world to find a cure for your father's illness.You solve relatively simple but enjoyable puzzles along the way and interact with items and other characters you meet. The sound track is stunning and the story unfolds with a superb subtly.I will definitely be going back again through to find all the little bits and pieces I missed my first play through. One go through is just not enough to truly appreciate the magnificent little gem of an experience!5/5
76561197960444151,Recommended,225080,19921422,"Posted: 24 December, 2015",all,little djinn,"Gripping story, amazing graphics and scenery."
,Recommended,225080,19881905,"Posted: 23 December, 2015",all,Mark's Best Friend,"This is a very unique game that has obviously been put into a lot of effort! There are many beautiful and detailed settings and the story has so many twists and it just makes you wanna know what will happen next! I definetly recommend this game because of its detail, and amazing plot and storyline!"
76561197966532130,Recommended,225080,8696247,"Posted: 13 January, 2014",all,foo,A masterpiece. Just play it. The perfect combination of storytelling and gameplay.
,Recommended,225080,11778306,"Posted: 19 August, 2014",all,Shikekaka,"Buy it !!! The unique single-player and co-op in this game sometimes make you feel clumsy because you have to switch tasking in your brain because of the character switch position, but the story-line is quite deep and emotional. The graphics is good, the music is okay. I would recommend this game for anyone.p/s: a journey with a woman would end up pretty bad. Woman is the core of chaos :v (no offense gurllls)"
,Recommended,225080,13426516,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Sir_Meowsalot,"A wonderful, bittersweet, and heart-rending tale of two brothers who seek to save their father. Beautiful atmosphere and music and really clever mechanics are used.I'll always have my brother... ;_;"
,Recommended,225080,10858168,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,CyborgHex,"I was skeptical about Brothers when I first heard about it's analog-stick controls. I figured that controlling two characters at the same time would be way too complicated for reliable fun. I was deadly wrong. Brothers - A Tale of Two Sons is one of the most fun games I have ever played. The controls are a little wacky at first, but that only lasted about a minute. Once you've got things down, the real fun begins. Every area shows off new ways to use the brothers - together or separate - to clear an obstacle. Not only does Brothers contain the most unique gameplay I have experienced in years, the game is absolutely gorgeous. Just walking around and following the path allowed me to soak in the beautiful art style. This game is a must-have for anyone and everyone who owns a compatible controller."
,Recommended,225080,11309152,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,Myrhial,"Gorgious looking game that tells the fantastical journey of two brothers as they search for a cure for their father's illness. Best played with a controller, though possible with the keyboard too. The controlling of two characters is easy enough, and their teamwork is required to solve the minor puzzles in this game. And there are even a few boss fights. Kept me captivated until the end. Expect some flowing of tears during this game too.All in all a great execution of an interesting gameplay mechanic while offering a rich experience at the same time."
,Recommended,225080,11021017,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Zkayon,There is no limit to what this marvelous piece of art deserves.
,Recommended,225080,15537568,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Benjaboy,"This games tops Journey, To the Moon or any other adventure, ifinallyhavefeelings games.Even the 0rgasm noises people make when they try to speak are amazing.What I am trying to say is, BUY THIS!"
,Recommended,225080,18045309,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Octavarium,One of the best games I've ever played.
,Recommended,225080,29105061,Posted: 7 January,all,The_Deegs,"An absolutely gorgeous and original game experiance.  A low stress game that just feels good to play.  Very rewarding, well worth the purchase."
76561198003771207,Recommended,225080,13000605,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,multiproximus,This is truly the most beautiful game I have ever played.It was an especially wonderful experience in 3D using TriDef.
,Recommended,225080,13622903,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,step104,"A piece of art: innovative gameplay, emotional story, wonderful level design. Most of the brothers' coop puzzles are not really difficult, but the dual control gameplay is so much fun and refreshingly different from the usual games you play. A definite recommendation if you like video games of any kind and own a controller!"
,Recommended,225080,25314636,"Posted: 2 September, 2016",all,sevsp,Please play this beautiful game.
76561198057079121,Recommended,225080,28653142,"Posted: 25 December, 2016",all,Sinsitra,I cried.
76561198094616400,Recommended,225080,28152169,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,cankerblossomIV,Bird bro.Demon Orca.Abominable Snowman.Spider ♥♥♥♥♥.Crying.The End.10/10
,Recommended,225080,28151647,"Posted: 2 December, 2016",all,夏目藍,You can play it with a friend conveniently if have a steam controller.Had a good afternoon play with my friend~
,Recommended,225080,26898009,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,Juan,The highest standard on how to do narrative in gaming.A must play for anyone that loves the medium.
76561198026951429,Recommended,225080,27184528,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Dogmatik,"A game that does something that only a game can.  Do yourself a favor, play it all in one sitting and use a controller when you do.  No spoilers, but you will experience something you have never experienced in any other game."
14159265358979323,Recommended,225080,27336376,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Potentiality12,"I'm crying; there's nothing in my eye. Brothers: A Tale of Two Sons is a cinematic, emotional roller-coaster of a game which evokes deep emotions.  I loved it!"
,Recommended,225080,27781999,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,Cora,"I wept. I laughed. I fell into a deep depression... So many emotions. No words required.I wish the game was longer, but any game that can make me cry through the credits is a 5-star game for sure!"
76561198058978274,Recommended,225080,27467999,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,TurboTurd,"In Brothers - A Tale of Two Sons you follow two siblings Ayi and Nayi on a quest to find a rare plant to save their dying father. The game features an interesting way to control both brothers: left joystick and the left shoulder button control the older brother, and right joystick and the right shoulder button control the younger brother, which are both controlled simultaneously to navigate through the game world and solve puzzles. Without any (understandable) words mentioned to the player, the game signals quest items through clever camera movement and interactions between the brothers. The game takes a comfortable 3-4 hours to complete and is very enjoyable for winding-down after playing a more stressful game.Overall, the game is very enjoyable and worth its price. The art is beautiful, the music is amazing, the sound effects are well-done and the story is easy to follow.TIP: If you regularly mix up both character controls, try to keep the older brother (Nayi) on the left of the younger brother (Ayi), since Nayi is controller with the left hand and Ayi is controlled with the right hand."
,Recommended,225080,29394238,Posted: 21 January,all,[R.O.S]SinclairFighter,very nice game.recommended
76561198074298261,Recommended,225080,29411167,Posted: 21 January,all,Prohexa,"Beautiful, stunning graphics. Short, but lovely. 2-player co-op, which is very unusual for an adventure game!We played it with two keyboards, this worked fine, except that the customized key mappings were slightly buggy. Still, a great game made with love."
76561197973283719,Recommended,225080,29426652,Posted: 22 January,all,Rygar,"Different format of game I am used to.  Very well written and played out.  A new concept approaching game style.  I hope that there is a second sequel in the making.  I really enjoyed the graphics, atmosphere and play on your emotions.  I just wish I would have played it on my big screen TV with someone else.  I thought it would be hard controlling two characters at the same time but the mechanics of it made it easy.  The puzzles were not hard but there were 2 places I had to look up a walkthrough to get past.  I knew what I had to do but did not know how to get the characters to do it.  This is more than a game, it is a story that you play out.  Very well done..."
,Recommended,225080,29319830,Posted: 17 January,all,Marvesco,What A Great Game+ Innovative gameplay+ Great puzzle+ Good music+ Not too expensive+ Not too hard+ Great storyline+ Great graphics+ And other amazing feature
,Recommended,225080,30038528,Posted: 19 February,all,ShovelKnight49,"Why you should play this game:1. It lets you do all the things you unconsciously want to do within a game. For instance, fly on a makeshift glider, explore ancient ruins like a kid Indiana Jones, laugh at a guy who kept blocking your path, play catch with kids in a village, and countless more examples. You also get a visual feast of amazing landscapes that make you feel like you’ve gone on one of those European river cruises, but decided to ditch the tour guide.2. It kicks♥♥♥♥♥because it is real. It doesn’t shy away from death or loss. It shows the player what it means to grow up through facing adversity on your own. It is a portrait of cooperation between siblings, and it is also beautiful way to teach us that we achieve things best when we’re working together with others. By the end of the game, the emotion will cut you deep. Real deep.3. Gameplay quite literally feels like you’ve opened a Brother’s Grimm fairytale- and the story has come to life, right inside your bedroom. If you’ve ever imagined yourself jumping inside a book and merging with the pages, it doesn’t get much better than Brothers. Trolls, caged birds, castles with ancient and foreboding statues, musical windpipes and terracotta pots, wolves hiding in the shadows, riding on goatback up the rocky mountains, and unexpected twists that leave you completely shellshocked make this game shine like no other.4. It never ceases to amaze you. This game has unrivalled skills in surprising you, firstly because of its avoidance of clichés, and secondly because the plot never feels old. Playing through each section is like experiencing a new fairytale that has not yet been written. Sometimes the tales are about strange blood-obsessed tribes, sometimes they are about appearances being deceiving, and sometimes, you forget that you are part of the game, which is just like one big giant fairytale in itself. The fresh, innovative approach used in Brothers sets a new benchmark in story driven adventure games.Full review here:https://kkatlas.com/2014/07/28/game-review-and-analysis-brothers-a-tale-of-two-sons/"
76561197992723591,Recommended,225080,28188179,"Posted: 4 December, 2016",all,redfox,"A masterpiece. From start to finish this game presents you with interesting and varied puzzles. You play as two brothers helping each other out through the world using a cleverly designed control scheme. The wonderful story is told through a simple language and small cutscenes as you progress through the game. Through this story telling I found myself caring about the characters more and more and looked forward to seeing how everything would unfold.From forests to castles and into ice fields under a beautifully rendered northern night sky, the different environments the game pulls you through are absolutely spectacular. Great art direction!Take three hours out of your day and enjoy this gem.10/10"
76561198118328353,Recommended,225080,27220642,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Zed,Brilliant game 10/10top notch
76561198012230992,Recommended,225080,28029577,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Dr. Disaster,"Hour 1 - ""Well this is a clever little game.""Hour 2 - ""Man this is really heart warming.""Hour 3 - (Crying hysterically)"
,Recommended,225080,26919868,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,BiscuitLips,"The “I'm Not Crying, There's Something In My Eye” Award"
,Recommended,225080,27938226,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,“.Lⱥdy➹Ȑain.„,"yap, this game has fantastic graphics! and awesome adventures but the controls are quite confusing as well as there's no subtitles whenever characters are talking.So yeah, I'm not 100% crazy over this games cuz it has some flawsbut if you are willing to play a game with good graphics and adventures despite the confusing controls then go ahead buy this while it's on sale"
,Recommended,225080,24432678,"Posted: 20 July, 2016",all,sir chap el victorious,"The best game i have played to date and the first one i would consider perfect (aside for one small bug).If you enjoy games like Journey, i recommend you play this. Don't look at any spoilers, just make a few hours of spare time and play through in one session.Note: Please use a controller! Took ages of messing with and old gamepad and JoyToKey for me BUT ITS WORTH IT!This is gaming storytelling at it's best. Pure hart and soul was put into this game and it shows. The pacing of the game is excellent, the enviorments enchanting. This game is avalible in every language there is, yet there is no text or perceivable dialogue. The game features movie like storytelling. There is so many small details that constantly made me smile. Written by movie director Josef Fares the feel of the game is amazing.This is the kind of experience you would get from a movie. It a nice (depressing) 3-4 hour journey . There is no real choices to be made, you are just along for the ride. But it really doesn't matter since the ride is superb.The gameplay machanics are fun and integrated into the story better than any other game i have played. Nothing feels tacked on or gimmicky, everything serves a purpouse in the story. The puzzles are smart and refreshing, not incredebly hard (which is good) but interesting and never repetitive.I feel there is so much unused potential in term of videogame storytelling. It is games like Brothers that tap into that potential. And it is with these kinds of games i feel this medium truly shines and offers something diffrent to other plattforms.Sure i will not play this game of thousands of hours, but unlike my most played games i can actually take away something , like a great book or movie. This game has deep meaning behind it.Ultimately this game is elegantly crafted and more than worth the asking price. Especially if you compare it to ♥♥♥♥♥♥ 120€ AAA games with 172 DLC packs and micro transactions."
,Recommended,225080,26900188,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,EMBosma,A beautiful story being told with simplistic mechanics. Would definitely recommend it!
,Recommended,225080,24050379,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,PUFA PIG,"Controls need some getting used to, but not a difficult game.Story is superb.Additional game requirements: box of tissues to wipe away your tears"
,Recommended,225080,8600194,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Zito,"Never had such an amazing experience playing a videogame before, this is easily the most amazing and emotional game that i have ever played. Highly recomend it for everyone who is not a complete ignorant."
76561198099742160,Recommended,225080,20482680,"Posted: 11 January, 2016",all,VoidWalker,What a masterpiece.Cons: Cant fly the owl.10/10
,Not Recommended,225080,20511724,"Posted: 13 January, 2016",all,euqil,"Pretty. Also pretty boring.It's like a cupcake made of glue - it looks good but it it bland to say the least.There is very little gameplay to speak of. Fun mechanics with controling two characters at once does not outweight the fact that there is not much to do with it.I finished the game and understand why it is critically acclaimed but for the plot to work out I would actually have to care about the characters, which could be done if the game would make me overcome obstacles (i.e. it would be challenging, not just holding arrows for 2 hours)."
76561198074107988,Recommended,225080,14046041,"Posted: 18 January, 2015",all,lusskat,"The best game I have had the pleasure of playing for many a year. Original and visually stunning, gameplay that doesn't become a bore or repetitive. Chasing after Achievements is worthwhile and adds to the gameplay unlike so many other games that hand them out like treats for learning to walk.. if you catch my metaphor. Puzzles aren't so intensive that they require playthrough guides to work out nor hold up the game. Controls are tricky yet the use of cooperation between the brothers and the use of so few buttons & sticks make for a game that the very young and elderly alike can enjoy equally. Couldn't recommend this masterpiece more. Thankyou to the developers!"
,Recommended,225080,28616413,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,HalfPrime,"*UPDATE*..................................... feels/10*UPDATE*An interactive story in which two brothers encounter many different characters and dilemmas during their search for a cure for their father who has become violently sick.The older brother is controlled with W,A,S,D (spacebar to interact with surroundings)The younger brother is controlled with the arrow keys (right-CTRL to interact with surroundings)Controlling both brothers at once is at times a challenging experience but very interactive and enjoyable.I usually don't even like playing puzzle solving games, but this is more of an interactive playable story with beautifully done visuals and very unique gameplay.10/10 - a very fun experience"
76561198074661529,Recommended,225080,20104051,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,Sniper Wolf,This game is realy amazing!I started playing and just couldnt stop.The pacing is great while it gets more interesting and fun as you progress.Reminded me a bit of Limbo because of the genius design and clever ideas.I heard that this game replaced the original Deus Ex as TotalBiscuit's favourite game of all time.High praise indeed :)
,Recommended,225080,20130907,"Posted: 30 December, 2015",all,Jasteria,"All aboard the feels train!Although this game is very short, it is packed full of adventureThe world is stunningThe music is stunningEverything is god damn stunningDo yourselves a favour and play this wee gem!10/10"
76561197991396430,Recommended,225080,8389343,"Posted: 28 December, 2013",all,Tumorseal,"An amazing game. Short, but worth it. Tells a story and builds a world much better then many AAA titles, and that is without dialog or long cutscenes."
,Recommended,225080,8407546,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Alan,"An amazing experience that plays out like an interactive movie. Forgiving controls, beautiful artwork and complementing music!"
,Recommended,225080,8812797,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,supergankx - KP,"damn. that was better than expected!!!   graphics were really well done.  again, better than expected.    also the only time i've played a game with a control scheme like this was for a very few instances within Ni-No Kuni for PS3.   really well done.  story line was really pretty simple.  someone's sick, gotta get the magic stuff to fix em.  however the resolution is hardly a happy ending.   I also really appreciated the fact that they were speaking ""sims language"" jibberish basically.  which in this instance added to the game in that I wasnt concerned with how well the voice acting was or phrases or them having to put in stupid jokes or anything...  the game keeps a very good pace and i did a full playthrough in my initial sit down with the game.  that says a lot (please don't look at my backlog).  puzzles were fun but not too cryptic or annoying.  this game def took some coordination to play.   9 out of 10.   short and SWEET!"
,Recommended,225080,8397841,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Mode7,The controls can be a little frustrating a times and some of the puzzle sequences are a little dull but this game packs a huge emotional punch.
,Recommended,225080,8455068,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Đe℣iŀ,"Very great gameBroken through in me all the best feelings""This is one journey you will never forget"" - That is true"
,Recommended,225080,8444922,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Fazumar,Just play it.  Don't ask me why.  Just play it.
,Recommended,225080,8446807,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Kraft Punk,One of the most emotional games I've played. The game is immersive and has unique controls and game play. One of the best games I've ever play and highly recomend you get this game well worth the price.
76561197970594435,Recommended,225080,8756185,"Posted: 18 January, 2014",all,Blimbeard,"Normally I'd be hesitant to recommend a game that only takes 3 hours to complete, but this is one of the finest games I have ever played in nearly thirty years of gaming. The visuals are beatiful, the music and sound atmospheric and gameplay is engaging. None of the puzzles are particularly difficult but they are nonetheless satisfying and enjoyable.What really makes this game stand out though is the story and atmosphere. Despite the fact that none of the characters ever actually speak in a language that can be understood, this I think this is the most emotional and poignant tale I have ever experienced in a video game.Truly outstanding and wholeheartedly recommended."
76561198029144715,Recommended,225080,8639903,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,BrogorkTheFork,Short and a little on the easy side but very heart warming and worth the time.
,Recommended,225080,8638026,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,GridNo,"A nice simple game that tells a story of two brothers. A story about tragedy, grief and overcoming mental scars."
76561198025574217,Recommended,225080,8596165,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,Elektricity,"Simply put: emotional, stunning sceneries, challenging controller gameplay, playful and interactive, suits all (kids, girlfriends, wife, mother, grandpa...).Please make another (two sisters?), and don't break our hearts in the end this time!"
,Recommended,225080,8686681,"Posted: 12 January, 2014",all,Nemaa,"This is a beautiful interactive story of two brothers who rely on each other during their adventure, a game with high level of immersion evoking many different emotions and taking you to wonderful places. A truly unforgettable experience!"
,Recommended,225080,9671302,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,Kalkatos,Um gameplay interessante e uma história comovente. 5/5
76561197970626128,Recommended,225080,9462739,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Vokas,This is a good game. The art direction was wonderful!
76561198042077879,Recommended,225080,9463331,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,Spader,musicvery fittingcontrolbeatable without a controler but is tough because most people aren't use to using wasd with space and arrows and right control.
,Recommended,225080,9463518,"Posted: 13 March, 2014",all,FIGHTINGDRAGONSWITHTAYLORSWIFT,This game is what a real adventure is. Controlling both characters is cool too.
,Recommended,225080,9470485,"Posted: 14 March, 2014",all,Insane,GREAT LITTLE ADVENTURE!
,Recommended,225080,9504819,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,MTGrunt,"Brothers - A Tale of Two Sons, is an excellent story-driven adventure game. Naiee and Nyaa try to help their ill father by collecting the waters from the Tree of Life. Brothers are moved individually by two thumbsticks on the controller. Only thing negative about the game was it had easy oponnents from time to time, but it's a family game. I'd say the experience is worth $10-15 for two characters on one controller alone."
,Recommended,225080,9599232,"Posted: 22 March, 2014",all,Gangrene,"Brothers is an amazing, powerful, and heartbreaking game. At a scant 2.5 hours, it is a quick play, but worth every minute.My only issue was with the long sequences of ledgehanging. Most require both triggers to be held down while each thumbstick is used. (By the way, you'll need a gamepad!)I don't want to give anything away, but this game makes you feel every painful moment. For those of you who made it through the late 2008 ""The Prince of Persia"", or ""God of War: Chains of Olympus"", you'll know what I mean.To me, it ranks up there with my favorite bittersweet novel: ""A Prayer for Owen Meany"", but where in a novel or a movie you are an observer, here you are forced to act out the part. I walked away from this game with a similar hole in my heart."
76561198036703133,Recommended,225080,7779203,"Posted: 26 November, 2013",all,myxomatosis,"Very short.  Very simple game play.  One of the most depressing games I've ever played.  However, it's also the most original game that I can think of in recent memory.  Definitely check it out."
,Recommended,225080,12043862,"Posted: 10 September, 2014",all,mGk,"One of the games that can easily show why modern gaming is considered as an Art form. Truly beautiful and unique gaming experience. The only ""con"" here is the duration - it is really short."
,Recommended,225080,15896356,"Posted: 18 May, 2015",all,Lulu,stupid
,Recommended,225080,13662395,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Flawededge,"AmazingThis is a brilliant game, which should be played in one sitting (around 3 hours)It is very well made, with an amazing storyline and brilliant mechanicsSpecial credits to the music and the backgrounds. Really made the game look and feel realHighly recommend this to anyone"
,Recommended,225080,13626280,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,aikendi,"- The game has simple, yet stunning graphics. Especially when you view the scenery whenever you sit on a bench.- I repeated some of the chapters to review the achievements/ side quests. Most were adorable :)- I played this without a controller, so the controls were a bit challenging. But 30 minutes into the game, I got used to it.- I thought I messed up the audio settings because I couldn't understand their dialogue during the intro. But I realized they were talking gibberish. But their actions speak for themselves and the lack of words highlights that.- I played this offline so my playtime was not recorded properly. But I finished this probably 5-6 hours.I hope the game developers make another game with this series. Would definitely buy it!"
76561198119604180,Recommended,225080,13854869,"Posted: 5 January, 2015",all,Bruh,Story is great.Controls are a bit wonky but are nothing to stress over.
76561198140205409,Recommended,225080,10808637,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Phloem_the_Bear,"This game is a tale of sadness that is beautifully told through the great narrative and gameplay. Intuitive and amusing, with a simplistic story on the surface, but dig slightly deeper and pay attention to your surroundings, and a larger story definately unfolds.Truly a must play game......But prepare for some down to earth bittersweetness that simply brings on those dreaded feels..."
,Recommended,225080,10761988,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Astronaut Status,HEWH HHH OHHH OWW CO-OP WITH UR THUMBS
,Recommended,225080,10764762,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Glitch880,Brothers is pretty good. A bit overrated in my opinion.
76561198006321535,Recommended,225080,10787999,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Cade!,Lots of gay tension
,Recommended,225080,11244836,"Posted: 15 July, 2014",all,Wonkyth,Yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes yes etc.Yes.
,Recommended,225080,11180713,"Posted: 11 July, 2014",all,E-MAT,"Wow. TotalBiscuit was right about this one... If there wasn't Grand Theft Auto V, Brothers - A Tale of Two Sons would be game of the year, or several years for me, even though it's a bit short.Great heart touching story and soundtrack, unique gameplay, beautiful graphical design.Just go and buy this game, especially if you have a gamepad. It's a rare breed, support the developers."
,Recommended,225080,11158397,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Amr0,"I picked this up in the Steam Summer Sale, thinking nothing of it really. Just another game going cheap to add to my collection. No hurry to install, just leave it there on my list until I'm bored one day.....Well, one day I was bored, so I installed it and, with not much expectation I loaded it up. Well, to put it simply.......What a game! You start with two brothers, whom, after a short series of events, find themselves embarking on a quest to save their father from an unknown illness. The story itself is something of a rarity, something truly compelling. Despite being short, I found myself utterly involved with it and couldn't put my controller down. As the quest reaches it's conclusion, you will find yourself shocked, amazed and somewhat shaken. You won't forget this one in a hurry.Graphically, the game is beautiful. Stunning vistas will come and go, with weather effects that are equally as good. Character animations are brilliant, and really help to enhance the emotional impact and carry the storyline (these characters don't speak English, the game uses it's own made-up language). I lost count of how many screenshots I took, the game looks that good!Sound wise, the soundtrack is excellent. The music is full of ambience and really gives the game an extra lift. Characters and environments also sound really good.In terms of gameplay, the game is unique. I would highly recommend a controller to play it. The left stick is then used to control big brother, and the right control for little brother. This is still quite a challenge but, much much easier than trying to use a keyboard, trust me. Some of the puzzles and climbs require a little finesse, I died a few times trying to get both brothers across a few of the jumps and up some of the climbs, but overall, it works well.In conclusion, a highly recommended game that's well worth your time and the rewards it has won. 9/10"
,Recommended,225080,11162368,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,ashellinthepit,Nothing short of amazing. Incredibly cinematic.  Very non-hollywood (or at least good hollywood) narrative with lots of surprises. Excellent audio and soundtrack.
76561198059967426,Recommended,225080,11322557,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Nina,"Brothers - A tale of two sons is an adventure game that tells you a story about a jouney of two brothers seaking for a remedy for their fathers.It is small game. In my opinion you can finish it in two and a half to three hours but still, it is a beautiful and well executed game with lots of puzzels .The complexity of the puzzels increases  as you get throw with the game.This game is amazing. I have nothing wrong to say about it . It has an insteresting  story and it is the first time I've played in a single-player mode with two characters so , it was a great experience. I loved the atmospher of the game and the fact that any of the characters talk therefore you have to do all the puzzels without any help.My personal rating is 10/10 .Amazing game!"
,Recommended,225080,11056244,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,King Lucadio,"Super game, with a good story, not even needs a real language cause u can imagine what they say!gameplay 10/10graphics 10/10story 20/10"
76561198071114267,Recommended,225080,11230854,"Posted: 14 July, 2014",all,Neon,"This game is absolutely amazing and had me hooked from the opening scene right through to the end credits. The game is breathtaking to look at and the gameplay.... totally different from anything that I have experienced before. Although it's quite a short game (4.5 hours for 100% completion), the story is so immersive, I didn't even care. Having to control two people and have them work together to navigate each chapter made me feel as if I was in the game with them. Controls aren't too difficult once you get the hang of it. It is suggested to play this game with a controller, which I did and I guess that made it a whole lot easier. The game had just th right amount of challenges, which usually came in the form of climbing puzzles. Nothing too difficult. I found this game so much fun. Everything about it worked really well together. I highly recommend this game and give it a 9 out of 10. Points lost because as far as games go.... one of the worst endings ever. Think.... Game of Thrones style."
,Recommended,225080,13731787,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,CommanderSaber,This game makes me feel pretty badass since I have to control both brothers.WASD + Space = Older brotherArrow keys + R ctrl = Younger brotherAlthough it is a bit frushtrating.It's probably a fun game to play with a friend.I like it. It's very atmospheric.
,Recommended,225080,11054361,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,Maverick,brillant game very hard to play on keyboard but works like a dream with xbox pad
,Recommended,225080,10930840,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,Mister Awesomesauce,An amazing game.   I recommend it fully but bring tissues.  This will rip out your hearstrings.If you're looking for a great story with game mechanics that can draw you into and involve you in every aspect of the telling then this is for you.
76561198050150992,Recommended,225080,12371696,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,FieryCandy,A must play for any atmospheric story game lovers. The game has fun puzzles to mix things up nothing to hard but they are still fun to play.Its a short game so if your someone who likes to get alot of gametime for thier money than you might want to wait for a sale.
,Recommended,225080,8825571,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Freeoath,Without words or text this game manages to deliver a heartouching story with a lovely atmosphere and fun elements. The game is not very long but it makes up with being so unique.
76561198003590389,Recommended,225080,17848255,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Ares,"One of the best experiences I ever had!..gaming related of course...... okay, it was one of the best experiences ever."
,Recommended,225080,17746942,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,A$AP Newell,This is simply a must play for any gamer or fan of stories and how they are told. This game ranks up there with To The Moon in terms of how much it touches you emotionally in such a short amount of time
