user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Recommended,225160,12799486,"Posted: 5 November, 2014",all,Royal_Tenenbaum,"Charmingly racist. Like your grandma. To be serious though, so far it plays like an even more absurd Duke Nukem. That is a good thing."
76561197990220919,Recommended,225160,9502216,"Posted: 16 March, 2014",all,Lee Marvin's Ghost,Do You Want To Wash Wang? Or You Want To Watch Wang Wash Wang?This is a practically flawless updated version of the original crazy FPS Shadow Warrior.  A true classic and piece of PC gaming history.
76561197987843932,Recommended,225160,15559242,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,spessu_sb,"Do you like Duke3D and want more of the same? Tired of linear scripted fully dumbed down modern fps? Shadow Warrior is here and you will feel right at home with it.Shadow Warrior is made by the same ppl who made Duke3D and it offers new more advanced stuff like enemies who duck to take cover from you, or vehicles you can ride and shoot with.Shadow Warrior is the real deal."
,Recommended,225160,9240078,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Captain MooMoos,"This is a long review, so if you want to know why I recommend this series skip to theResultsand read from there. Although, if you want to know about a specific game in the series skip to that section.3D Realms and General Arcade work together to bring the classic Shadow Warrior and its two expansions to the modern era. Shadow Warrior is an epic first person shooter that combines puzzle solving, fast paced combat, and explosions everywhere.Gameplay:Shadow Warrior is a crazy first person shooter that offers jokes, violence, and crazy level design. The game is rather simple in first person shooter standards, as an older game it doesn’t possess the features of newer games. The missions are typically small and require getting keys in order to unlock later parts of the mission. There are an abundance of weapons that include melee weapons and ranged weapons: Katana, Fists of Fury, Shurikens, Quad Barrel Riot Shotgun, Uzi, Rocket Launcher, Grenade Launcher, Sticky Mines, Rail Gun, Guardian Head, and Ripper Heart. With limited ammo, rising difficulties, and hundreds of enemies you will find yourself constantly switching between guns to fight off the hordes ahead. There a few bosses, but when they occur they offer a great fight that keeps you pressed and requires great tactics.Shadow Warrior Classic:Shadow warrior revolves around the character Lo Wang and his adventure trying to defeat Master Zilla who slayed Lo Wangs old master. Lo Wang must now avenge the death of his former master by defeating Zilla. This involves going through all of his warriors and destroying his industry one by one. The game features twenty action packed levels which involve solving puzzles, finding secrets, and defeating enemies.Twin Dragon:After many arduous hours I finally defeated the evil menace. Twin Dragon is an epic expansion that adds 16 fun packed levels onto the Shadow Warrior Campaign. The puzzles are a lot more extreme than in the original campaign and some levels I found so difficult I looked up guides to figure out where to use some of the keys I had found. Twin Dragon doesn't introduce more enemies, but rather makes rarer enemies more common. The game is packed full of Red and Grey Evil Ninjas, Serpent Gods, Guardians, and Sumos. This makes for a great addition to the series, although ti does lack some of the ""secrets"" that the first one has to offer.Wanton Destruction:Another epic expansion for Shadow Warrior. Wanton Destruction includes a whopping 12 whole leveles (2 secret levels) and new skins for some of the baddies. Although, released after Twin Dragon, Wanton Destruction follows the story the original Shadow Warrior as Lo Wang continues on his quest to defeat Zilla. The game introduces a whole variety of new tactics as it makes the ninjas stronger. Some of the levels are short and sweet while others are longer, but they are all very complex and require a lot of investigation. This fantastic addition is a great example of a great first person shooter puzzle game.Results:Shadow Warrior Classic Redux reintroduces Shadow Warrior and its two expansions Twin Dragon and Wanton Destruction (in that order). I never played the Shadow Warrior when it came out and thus I am completely new to this series. So I have no nostalgia that made me automatically like this game, but rather I just liked it because it was a good game. This brilliant series packs over 30 levels (not including secret levels) and will give you lots to do. People who can't play old games because they cannot get past the graphics or gameplay systems might not want to invest in this title. If you played the original and just want to rehash old memories then this is the game for you. If you just want a fun game with funny dialogue and guns blazing then this is the game for you.Pros:+Lots of guns and action with fast paced combat.+There are secret levels (new games seem to avoid rewarding players).+Many puzzles to solve without seeming to repeat themselves.+The levels offer traps that keep you guessing your moves.+There are many enemies that push you to the limit keeping you on your toes.+Simple story that doesn't really require playing the game to figure out, but just keeps you going as you want to fight the bosses along the way.+If you happen to feel some of the achievements are too hard you can easily use cheat codes and still get the achievements.Cons:-The game started glitching on the last 7 levels where when I saved the game crashed not saving the file.-The mouse sensitivity is very difficult to manage and at some times can be very insensitive while at others seem hyper sensitive.-Judging depth can be very difficult as it’s an older game without a modern physics engine."
,Recommended,225160,32675136,Posted: 23 June,all,Menace123,"- If you haven't found this review helpful or if you have found a mistake please leave a comment below -- Note1 : I got this game on Bundlestars inside the 3D Realms Bundle for $4  -- Note2 : You can actually play the original game for free  -- If you want more reviews check my links at the end of this review -Family RatingBetween Teen (13) & Mature (17) - violence, blood, crude humor, ""partial nudity""Game styleFirst-Person-Shooter (+);  Exploration (+); Platformer (~); Puzzle (~);RatingBetween Good & Must PlayPlay time needed (perfect)About 20 hoursPlaythroughOne.Unmissable / backtracking contentYes, mostly.ControlsKeyboard and mouse.Gaming/Achievement levelFrom Casual to GamerSizeAbout 550 MoWorthBetween Full and Discounted Price--------------------- Pros & Cons Features---------------------ProsAbout 20 hours of gameplay (8+ hours for the mains campaigns and 8+hours for the bonus)New expansion packs (bonus campaigns)3 difficulties from casual to gamer (no difficulty needed to perfect the game)Very good number of open medium-sized linear levelsGood varieties of enemies, traps, weapons and itemsNice gameplay mechanismsNice humor and voice lines + some sexy contentGraphics tweaked for higher resolutionsOriginal cheating codes works - except for one level ?Nice fortune cookies that tell you something 100% true !A bonus single from Lo WangConsMay be repetitive after you‘ve seen most of the game has to offerExpansion packs easier than the regular campaign especially the bossesFew bosses to beatIf you haven't played Shadow Warrior, well then you missed something! You can play the classic one for free or consider buying the redux one at full price or discounted.So, Shadow Warrior is a little fast paced-shooter where your goal is to make your way to stop the Zilla corporation from dominating the world. In order to do that you’ll need to come across many levels and in each level you need to find some more or less hidden keys or solving some puzzles.- Review below ----------------------------------------------------------------------Story""The Zilla Corporation is the most powerful of these conglomerates and will stop at nothing to achieve domination unseen by any other corporation in the world. Lo Wang, Zilla Corporation’s legendary Shadow Warrior, discovers this corruption and the dark powers being summoned to aid his employers in this quest for absolute power. As a man of honor, Lo Wang vows to battle these demonic forces with an arsenal of explosive weapons, his silent blade, and a razor-sharp wit.""So yeah your goal is to save the world from the Zilla Corporation several times!GraphicsDo not expect a lot from this redux, it's mostly tweaked graphics for higher resolution. But the game doesn't aged so much, which is good.GameplayLike any FPS from the 90s area your goal is to reach the exit of each level and reach the final boss. To do so you need to make your way by killing every enemy you may encounter using only your katana and shuriken at the beginning but you'll progressively unlock a wide variety of deadly weapons ! And of course you can save your game at any time!Adding to the weapons, ammunitions, health pack and armor pack, you'll also find several items you can use. This includes a portable medikit, caltrops (shuriken like but for the ground), a repair kit (to repair American-made machines), a poison gas and an item that make you invisible. Another good item are the fortune cookies which give you a true fun fact and an additional 50 HP to your health up to 200 HP.In order to reach the exit you most likely need to find several keys, some are in plain sights and some are pretty well hidden. Sometimes you need to solve a puzzle instead: moving things, using machines or finding the right combination. And a few times you need to beat a boss instead. In my opinion bosses were much more aggressive and challenging in the main campaigns ant not at all in the bonus one.You will come across huge amount of levels with most of the time hundreds of enemies to defeat! But don't worry Lo Wang with his skills, weapons and voice lines are here!  And each level is very different, except you may be tired after playing the game for more than 8 hours.Anyway, in each level there is a fair amount of secret areas to find and sometimes a secret exit to play a secret level! Well they are most likely faster to finish but it's not that obvious as you may think because they are also enemies here! And the good thing is you can backtrack at any time during the level and you can also show the in-game tracking too.After beating a level you'll have you score with your time.Sounds, MusicThe music is fine, you can play with it or mute it. The best part are the Wo Lang voice lines. You may not be tired of listening him over and over again.AchievementsThey are all easily doable, only one will need a bit of practice which is a speed run of any level. But here again you can over use the save feature if needed, and the speed run is 1 minute long. (55 seconds or less to beat the speed run time)The only tedious achievement is the one where you need to find most of the secrets area, but don't worry you don't need to find them all. If you die during the level and found any secret again it will count.There are several achievements which are level related, so be sure to make a save at the beginning of every level in case you missed it. You can still use the level select cheat code but it seems it doesn't work for every level.---------------------You want more ?---------------------Steam Curator pagehttp://steamcommunity.com/groups/M123-GRSteam Curator Store Pagehttp://store.steampowered.com/curator/29521492/Reviews Sorted by GenresWork In Progresshttp://steamcommunity.com/sharedfiles/filedetails/?id=964304642"
,Recommended,225160,17034852,"Posted: 13 July, 2015",all,CorvusCorax,"This ""Redux"" version of Shadow Warrior is identical to the ""Megaton"" edition of Duke Nukem 3D: The idea here is to have one compilation for the game that contains everything from the original, classic FPS.1) We have Shadow Warrior here with enhanced graphics. This includes higher resolution options, vsync, smoother lighting and overall better textures. There is a new main menu and slightly changed music. This game still kicks♥♥♥♥♥2) The classic Shadow Warrior is also available. This has the good old main menu (it now looks quite dated) and the original graphics. I'm not sure why this is here since the enhanced version has the same core elements, the same atmosphere anyway.3) Wanton Destruction and Twin Dragon expansion packs that contain new stories, new levels. I like how Wanton was released in 2005 - almost 8 years after the release of the original game. It proves it truly became a classic and it was properly looked at and authorised by 3D Realms.But then what is Shadow Warrior? It is a game with a funny protagonist similar to Duke Nukem's. The player now assumes the control of Lo Wang who fights Zilla Enterprises with his Katana and dozens of one-liners. Some of the weapons are quite creative: you can use a heart as a weapon (needs to be ripped from one particular enemy) and by pressing the heart a clone of Wang appears and fights alongside you. There is also the head of a certain enemy that can be used to launch fire at the opponents.The idea is the same here: shoot first, ask questions later! We collect key cards, kill enemies, look for secret areas (grab the fortune cookies always for the funny messages!), fight some pretty tough bosses and kill even more enemies! Classic '90s but a bit more challenging perhaps than Duke Nukem. Some of the weapons barely have ammunition or their spread / accuracy is just awful (shurikens, shotgun). I'm sure this was intentional. Just as picking a dark shadow as an enemy who can quickly launch fireballs at you. That is some tough son of a b*tch!This is a highly recommended compilation especially if you are familiar with the game and / or already purchased Duke's Megaton Edition. Beware: The Classic version can be bought separately but since the Redux edition includes it there is no need to grab that one."
,Recommended,225160,12242903,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Vadam5,"Shadow Warrior is an absolute master piece.The chinese theme is just awesome, the level design is one of the best and the weapons feel very good.And in this version of Shadow Warrior you got smoothed textures, cheevos, and multiplayer will come after some time.This game has a very unique style that you dont see anymore in new games, like, from temples to skycrapers, from trains, to mountains, hotels to vulcans.You have a wide range of levels to play, plus 2 quality made expansions.Who wants some wang?"
,Recommended,225160,9267248,"Posted: 26 February, 2014",all,Jesus On Wheels,"The most authentic asian simulator I've ever played!!You go around collecting fortune cookies, banging gongs and uncovering ancient chinese secrets.  Everyone is out to get you so your kung fu and katana skills will come in handy.The main character Lo Wang is someone everyone can relate to. He likes sushi, acupuncture, anime babes and hes not afraid  to crack a laugh about Hiroshima.In one of the included expansions Lo Wang hunts down his twin brother Hung Lo. Folks they don't make games like this anymore."
76561197970538611,Recommended,225160,9821823,"Posted: 14 April, 2014",all,Westenra,"Remember when shooters were good? Shadow Warrior is my least favorite of the BUILD engine games, but it's still a blast and beats out 90% of similar games on the market today. Here are a few key reasons:-actual difficulty-actual level design-nude anime girls-four barreled shotguns-references-a heart weapon (an actual beating heart) that spawns a rail-gun wielding clone-enemies who spawn spirits to chase you when they die-enemies who fart, creating a noxious gas cloud, when they die-enemies with a variety of attacks-enemies who cling to walls-fortune cookies with perverted jokes-flagrant, unapologetic racism-a bath house map-two quality expansions-a shootout on top of a flying 747-drivable vehicles-did I mention anime girls?-ninjas"
,Recommended,225160,12757182,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Fireeye,"Basically Duke Nukem 3d's younger brother, Shadow Warrior has all the things the Duke did right (fast-paced FPS action with plenty of secrets and easter eggs and explosions), but also adds some additional elements to the mix, including driveable vehicles (which sadly only see very limited use), a much more detailed and diverse environment for you to shoot and bomb your way through, and, at least from my impression, a higher difficulty level.Very simply put, Shadow Warrior was made for the fans of Duke Nukem, so if old-school shooters float your boat and you'd always bet on Duke, then Shadow Warrior might just be the stuff you need when most 'modern' shooters are little more than one long sequence of quick-time events and have a ""2DEEP4U"" plot to drive them."
,Recommended,225160,20305909,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,TheDisableBore,"A monster spawns three seconds after you hit start and starts shooting the living sh** outta you.Character is f***king embarrasing and stereotypicalNo context, just actionRidiculous ammounts of bloodUseless sexuality with bathtup girls been actually a sought-after secretIt's just like in my japanese anime's"
,Recommended,225160,7915805,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Ggdograa,One of the most brutally violent and difficult FPS games of the 90's with awesome level design and a catchy soundtrack. The Redux version gets rid of all the pesky Dosbox issues you get with other versions of this game and allows high resolutions for the visuals. Definitely worth checking out.Full video review:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=PjVPD25emLI
76561198203407209,Recommended,225160,25854464,"Posted: 4 October, 2016",all,Samael,"Shadow Warrior is a stupid ridiculous game but it's actually really fun if you just sort of accept it for what it is, goofy offensiveness and all. It's sort of like unopinionated South Park episodes.The Build engine is really, really amazing, and the work that's gone into upgrading the game for the Redux version is astonishing. Probably still not worth ten dollars in this day and age(unless ten dollars isn't much to you), but if you can get it dirt cheap, go for it."
76561198070591452,Recommended,225160,29565789,Posted: 29 January,all,Ejl,"Piece of classic gaming, that's like Duke Nukem 3D in Japan.The game plays exactly Like Duke3D, the UI is the same. mechanics, weapons with different skin of course. Even the jokes are the same caliber (whether you like them or not..)!The setting in Japan make the levels on this one more interesting in my opinion, you kill evil ninjas from the streets of Tokyo to the ancient temples. With Duke i wasn't really a fan of many of the levels, especially the second episode in the space.There really isn't much to tell about this game. Everyone who has ever played FPS's knows a game like this, except this is one of the classic ones and shuold be played just because of that. Works without a problem. The expansion has one pretty annoying bug in it, mines are invisible, on a level that is heavily mined, so there's a lot of unnecessary dying on that level. Other than that, no bugs encountered!Cheat codes are unsable, while that isn't a bug it poses it's problems. There's a few missable achievements, easter eggs that you need to find on certain levels. If you don't happen to have a save on those levels, you have to playthrough from the beginning to get to them. Allowing players to use the level skip code wuold be awesome on with this thing, especially with the one that's on level 18... ;) Even if the levels are pretty fast, it's still a bit of a bore to play them all through just because of missing one certain thing."
76561198089052394,Recommended,225160,24783737,"Posted: 8 August, 2016",all,JD Herrera,"Shadow Warrior Classic Redux		* 7/10Another member of the 3d Realms family received an updated port, just like Duke Nukem Megaton Edition. Excellent!Shadow warrior came after the Big success of Duke Nukem 3d trying to gain success by replicating its formula. So what do we have here? Another FPS, another chatty dumb character, lots of references, and obviously action. What's different then? The setting: now you're no longer a 'murican macho stereotype, but you're Lo Wang, a Ninja fighting the Japanese ambitious and criminal Zilla corporation you used to work for and that now wants you dead. There are no aliens but demons (and... Bees. Yeah, those damn bees...). And together with some firearms you have a katana, shurikens and other artifacts.There are few news though, There are vehicles to drive (a tank), usable turrets, semi-trasparent water and some puzzles that are more studied. One of them included Driving a Radio Controlled Mini-car. Duke Nukem's Engine has been slightly improved, and some level design is really remarkable (for the times), just like the 4th level in the dark woods and the village.The Port is a blessing and looks like it's based on the Megaton port. Unfortunately there are few gltches here and there but nothing that can't be handled. The most annoying thing is that you can't have access to the expansions directly in the port but you must launch the game from steam (so no links or else are going to work) and choose what to play (Redux, Classic or Expansion).I've noticed from the store and read from the community that, unlike Duke Nukem, there's totally no multiplayer, so this means no Coop and No multiplayer. And this is really odd as they were available in the classic version, so this really is an odd and bad issue.+++PROs+++GAMEPLAY.This is an old classic FPS, there's not much to say. As well as Duke Nukem or DooM, it's fun to play with and the new setting gives a very fresh look to the game as the japanese-like ambience are something that were not common at the time. Also the new vehicle and turrets add a little innovation that improve the gameplay. I have to say that the game somehow looked a bit more difficult to me compared to DooM and Duke Nukem, not to mention some interesting puzzles that enhanced the difficulty.HUMOUR.Again, as part of the formula we have a chatty dumb protagonist, making comments anytime and the game is full of references and stereotypes. Plus, for some odd reason, some maps are full of rabbits... And they are often breeding... And you can kill them... But why?!?!?!?!?THE PORT.Again we have a pretty good port. It's not flawless, it's not perfect but at least it's way better than that garbage used with all the DooM games.---CONs---THE PORT.As I've already mentioned this port isn't as good as duke's. There are some minor issues like the same trouble with resolution I've stumbled upon with Duke Nukem Megaton Edition, always with my portable (which I believe to be a mobile GPU incompatibility or whatever), ignored because it works fine as long as I keep my resolution at 1680x1050. Another issue I've noticed and read about often in the community is about the mouse sensitivity: X and Y axes are really unbalanced but they can just be fixed in the mouse settings menu (or by editing a cfg as in the guides from the community). Another annoying thing is the Expansion selection which can't be done ingame but must be done launching the game from steam (and not from the default start link), but this is something I'm living with as it's been the same with the last 3 Duke Nukems expansions. Another Recent issue was a crash which occurred when loading a game many times. Fortunately this happens when loading and not when saving. The last and worst issue is the total lack of any multiplayer support, so you can't play coop nor deathmatch nor anything else. That's not a big problem for me but I recognize it might be a Massive lack for other people and the oddest thing is that the original game had multiplayer. Quite odd.I played this game on this machine:Laptop Lenovo Z50Intel Core i5-4210U8Gb RAM DDR3GeForce 840MIntel HD Graphics 4400Windows 10 Home x64"
,Recommended,225160,12178499,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Blood_Wraith,Ancient-a Chinese Secret!
,Recommended,225160,8417203,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Hyperchaotic,"Great oldschool FPS with charismatic main character and ancient chinese atmosphere. For me it was much more memorable than Duke Nukem 3D. I think Lo Wang is more interesting than Duke. His quotes and his speech are so badass! Also, SW contains lots of secrets, nice humorous things and cool enemies.""How's that for kung-fu fighting you chicken♥♥♥♥♥♥"""
,Recommended,225160,12506084,"Posted: 15 October, 2014",all,CaptainJorge,"Wham Bam Old School fun. Punishingly difficult at times, but very fun overall. Good arsenal, well put together package with all the expansions. Recommended"
,Recommended,225160,10041467,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,Mister Torgue Flexington,"classic game on an updated engine, I approve!!!"
76561198046242117,Recommended,225160,27276615,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,RyanS1357,Duke Nukem + Asian stereotype = Lo Wang.
76561198065614467,Recommended,225160,12516512,"Posted: 16 October, 2014",all,Gill Bates (GUYS ITS ME ALEX),"One of the great retro FPSes, Shadow Warrior is somewhat similar in gameplay to Duke Nukem 3D. The game is definitely quite difficult, but the introduction of quicksaving and quickloading eases off the difficulty for newer players. Since much of the game's humor comes from he hilariously stereotypical protagonist Liu Wang, some players may find it racist, but it's all just in good fun. The game looks good for its time, and the sound assets are great.Gameplay wise, the game plays great. The player can fight enemies with his fists, a katana, dual-weilding uzis, a rocket launcher with optional heat seeking missiles and even a nuke, a  heart that creates a clone of Liu Wang, and more. The stage design is usually a major strength in old FPSes, and Shadow Warrior is no exception. The huge, expansive stages are fun to explore and packed with secrets. Enemy variation is not the best, but there's definitely enough to keep the player entertained.The port remains faithful to the original, but one of the new editions is a multiplayer mode. It works well, but I rarely use it. One of the multiplayer's greatest strengths is the ability to design stages and share them with full Steam Workshop Support.It may not be as well known as Duke Nukem 3D or Doom, but it's definitely just as good. From veterans to new players alike, Shadow Warrior Classic Redux is a classic that's definitely still worth the price today."
,Recommended,225160,28697045,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,cyan0s1s,"Shadow Warrior is an FPS running on a more advanced version of the BUILD engine, the same engine powering Duke Nukem 3D, released in 1997 by 3D Realms to continue their tradition of a technically inferior yet much more entertaining and interactive engine that gives games like Duke3D their personality and charm. Compared to Quake and then Quake II which had made the leap to actual 3D, but were more concerned on technical prowess while keeping the gameplay safe (staying in the realm of Doom) than to do novel things like flushing toilets and paying strippers. Whereas Duke3D paid homage to action films of the 80's and 90's SW was an Oriental spin on mostly the same kind, making references to John Woo and Jackie Chan, as well as traditional Asian culture as SW takes place in Tokyo while Duke3D was in Los Angeles.The story is fairly straightforward, you play as Lo Wang, a master ninja assassin for over 20 years, a shadow warrior, and Lo Wang was the best of the shadow warriors. All the major companies in Japan had a shadow warrior: a negotiator, a protector. In layman's terms someone who isn't afraid to get their hands dirty. Lo Wang worked for Zilla Enterprises, a corporation that had its hand in every industry, from children's clothing to military power. Too much power in fact. Power is known to corrupt, and Zilla's company was corrupt to the core. It got out of hand furthermore once Lo Wang discovered that Master Zilla was aligning himself with creatures from the dark side, with the ambition to unleash ancient and evil power to overthrow the other companies and rule Japan. Being a man of honor Lo Wang quit, and thus Zilla tasked his demonic army with their first objective: to kill a man. A shadow warrior. Lo Wang.The gameplay is similar to Duke3D, as you traverse several varied environments with two major themes, from modern institutions like cities and factories to ancient lands with villages and temples. There are twenty levels in all, with eleven levels representing each theme, counting two secret levels. They're for the most part well designed and highly interactive, have detailed architecture and a good atmosphere. Secret areas are everywhere so paying heed to your surroundings like in Duke3D in unique and imaginative ways can net all sorts of rewards or easter eggs. The updated BUILD engine also adds further interactive elements, some of which were not seen until later FPS games, like using turrets and driving vehicles, climbing ladders and the multiple firing modes of different weapons. There's true room-over-room as well as water you can see through as well as shoot through from both sides.Like Duke3D, Lo Wang has a large arsenal of weapons suited to different situations, including a deadly Samurai sword and the ability to toss shurikens in the ninja fighting style, to more 'conventional' means with a four-barreled riot shotgun that can shoot one barrel at a time or rapidly via all four, an UZI that can be dual-wielded, a large missile launcher with three types of ammo and a powerful mortar-style grenade launcher, to more exotic stuff like sticky bombs that stick to surfaces or enemies, high-tech railguns and even using some of your enemy's body parts as weapons like the head of a Guardian to unleash a variety of magical napalm attacks or the heart of a Ripper to summon a doppelganger of Lo Wang to assist him in fighting. Most weapons have a secondary function like in Blood or an alternative weapon altogether (switch between the katana or your bare fists). The explosives are largely the most satisfying to employ as ammo isn't uncommon and it's often easier to just blow everything up instead. Being a BUILD game you have an inventory system for different items to store for later use, with ninja-themed novelties like caltrops and flash bombs, to more effective gadgets like the smoke bomb that makes you temporarily undetectable and night vision goggles for those pitch black areas. Duke3D's atomic health also makes an appearance in the form of fortune cookies, which not only reward you up to 200 hit points but also come with an often crude message to boot.The enemy cast is themed around the game, with evil Ninjas of varying toughness that come in different colors via their pants, this color coding signifies their style of attack and are the most common enemy in the game, essentially SW's version of Duke3D's Assault Trooper or Pig Cop. They can do most of the player's actions like climbing ladders and crouching behind cover, sometimes even committing suicide from being fatally wounded (the manual refers to this as 'from a lack of honor'). There are suicidal Coolies who are literally walking explosive barrels who sometimes have a chance to get revenge from beyond the grave in the form of a Coolie Ghost, phasing in and out of existence and throwing damaging gobs of bloody goo at you. Female Assassins who fire crossbows and lob sticky bombs in your direction, and a small host of various demons with the ape-like Ripper who comes in a couple different forms and the 10ft Guardian with a katana for close range and shooting volleys of fireballs at long range. They're not exactly the most interesting enemies to fight but they all hit incredibly hard, with even the common Ninja being able to wittle you down to low health very quickly. Typical of the era there's a couple of bosses that show up normally the first time and then later on in mini form as regular enemies with the mighty Serpent God and a demonic Sumo who dabbles in toilet humor.Visually the game is on par with Duke3D and the-like, therefore it's competent and shows a good level of detail. Sound design is rather loud and bassy, usually satisfying but sometimes annoying in conjunction with the Ripper in pain and a riot gun on automatic, but more or less on par with an Octabrain in pain and a ripper cannon in Duke3D. Voice talent of Lo Wang by John Galt is OK but isn't as enjoyable as Jon St. John's impression of Duke Nukem or the excellent portrayal of Blood's Caleb by Stephen Weyte, and is often far too stereotypically racist to be genuinely funny, more immature than anything else and Lo Wang as a character is simply obnoxious to listen to after a few levels. The soundtrack is in CD audio only unlike Duke3D which was midi and Blood which used both formats and is pretty decent, typical Oriental instrumentation which lend to a nice atmosphere in some levels from time to time.Criticisms include unfortunately quite a bit. George Broussard in 1996 had stated 'we want Shadow Warrior to surpass Duke Nukem 3D in features and gameplay and that's a TALL order.' A tall order indeed, as Duke3D was 3D Realms' lightning in a bottle and frankly their only good game as a company as I don't think they were able to capture the magic a second time with SW. Combat is incredibly lopsided, it's easily the hardest BUILD game but for the wrong reasons. Balancing is♥♥♥♥♥♥poor with the most common enemy being the most dangerous in the game (especially the dreaded Shadow Ninja, always save your game before confronting one and use the smoke bomb if you have it). Most enemies don't work together as well as they do in Duke3D with a lot of them being either massive pushovers or plain cheap with the high amount of damage they deal. Weapons like the riot gun and UZI also aren't as satisfying or as powerful as they should be and the sticky bomb is wimpy in comparison to Duke3D's pipebomb and Blood's TNT. Then there's things like insta-kill traps you won't see coming and annoying puzzles that can stop the action dead in its tracks on more than one occasion. The gameplay overall is just chaotic. Chaotic in a bad way, so save the game and save it often.At the end of the day though I can still recommend SW but just passably so. It's OK if nothing special, and definitely worth a go if you like BUILD engine games and oldschool FPS in general. Just know what you're getting yourself into.3.0/5"
,Recommended,225160,33414858,Posted: 9 July,all,Laguitoru,"Great port, kudos to General Arcade & Devolver Digital for giving new life to this classic. I prefer Blood over this but I have to give a thumbs up for this one as well."
,Recommended,225160,31892699,Posted: 21 May,all,[RDR.exe],"If you want to kick ninjas in Japan across the screen as a sterotypically incorrect asian man in his 60s, then look no further.Challenging, violent, hillarious, and very addicting, one of my personal favorites.How's that for kung fu fighting you chicken shet?!"
,Recommended,225160,8815348,"Posted: 22 January, 2014",all,yagokoro,You no mess with Lo Wang. That is all.
76561198194763051,Recommended,225160,34039037,Posted: 5 August,all,matthew.orenstein3000,"Shadow warrior came out in 1997 and this is a remake-ish game with improved graphics and is easier to run on modern systems. You play as wang which is either a homage to old kung-fu movies or a walking stereo-type. The story isn't too important but the gameplay is an FPS and a really good one. You can also interact with the enviorment (a.k.a Duke Nukem) to find hidden refrences and one-liners. I love the weapons, the(very corny) jokes, the set pieces, this game is a blast. All your weapons are varied and have alternate fire modes giving you plenty of ideas to approach combat with enemies. Just simply put, this is a polished, well made game.As I said the game has improved graphics but they are still the 2D in 3D-ish style game so it will look a bit dated but it does look much better than when it was on dosbox. The sound design is good but I can't get music to play aside from the title and credits which is odd, though, I don't know if thats my pc or the game. I also found it easy to get lost, not due to level design but odd placement for switches that open door's. The Boss battles are also easy, though the final boss most awesomely took a nuke to the FACE and didn't recieve much damage(still a cake walk though).The wanton expansion pack add's more levels and it works fine. I don't think it's as good as the main campaign, as some design choices are very mixed to me. I didn't get lost quite as much as the first campaign but one section had me outside an airplane while in the air which was frustrating as you had to make jumps while wind was blowing you off the plane. I would also get crushed by doors, which is odd since this didn't happen in the main campaign. The sound track worked in these levels which is good(the tracks are good by the way with a nice blend of mid eastren influence). I should point out that the enemies are swaps of the enemies in the first campaign. Despite my complaints this is still a very solid expansion and worth playing.The twin dragon expansion is my least favorite. This one lacked that passion you can feel in the other two campaigns. It did get rid of some of the issues from wanton destruction, but it was replaced with even worse design ideas. Some of the levels have invisible mines(nothing shows them to my knowlege) bad enemy placements, and over all just more trial and error than I liked. The gameplay is still here, but it's certainly the worst of the two expansions.Overall yes I loved this game, it feels like a game that learned from the shooters that came before it. The expansions might not be as good as the main game, but this is totally worth playing. Two thumbs up."
,Recommended,225160,13292115,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Aarontu,"Steam's Redux version is nice in that it adds proper modern FPS controls and an updated title/menu screen. If you're not familiar with the original, the gameplay is similar to Duke Nukem 3D. I found it pretty entertaining (I'm a fan of classic FPS games, as long as I can get some satisfying controls). The weapons are really satisfying to use compared to many FPS games from the time. Like many classic FPS games, though, it features some obtuse levels where you have to find a certain switch to progress."
,Recommended,225160,32810664,Posted: 26 June,all,♿ Svinhugg,Good DOS game I own on CD-ROM. I like the girl in the waterfall.
,Recommended,225160,9607069,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,AFRICAN-CHICKEN CHARMER,This is one of those games where i save every 2 minutes
76561197970701643,Recommended,225160,15771506,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,Liam Neeson Punching Wolves,A great polished up version of a classic.
,Recommended,225160,27305443,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Rudy,"Shadow Warrior Classic is the only true Shadow Warrior. The new Shadow Warrior games feel completely different than the classic. If you like games like Duke Nukem 3D you will love this game. Lo Wang's quotes are a nice addition to the game. Some of my favorites are:""Man who stand on toilet, high on pot.""""Man who fart in church sit in own pew.""""Man trapped in pantry has a$$ in jam.""""Do you want to wash wang? Or do you want to watch Wang wash wang?"""
,Recommended,225160,23657533,"Posted: 19 June, 2016",all,PatrickS,"Well put together level-design, Amazing one-liners from Lo wang, alot of secrets and a fun and a large arsenal of weapons make this game really fun to play! Shadow Warrior Classic Redux is an upgraded version of the original Shadow Warrior. Better graphics, better audio and both DLC packs included make this a verry enjoyable expierence.The game has enough content to keep you hooked for around 15 hours(DLC included). While playing there's a wide variety of levels and the game can be verry challenging at times.Overal i would highly recommend this to those we can enjoy old school games, and don't mind the older graphics."
,Recommended,225160,14977149,"Posted: 20 March, 2015",all,NicolasCageSkeleton,"Duke Nukem 3D: Blood Dragon(Shorter, uses same engine, more light-hearted tone, significantly easier, more absurd, there's a damn badge called ""Blood Dragon"" and Devolver half♥♥♥♥♥♥♥a few minor things compared to their Duke 3D remake)"
76561198034472979,Recommended,225160,12592039,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,JadeRuby,"Just as insane and cliche-driven as Duke Nukem, but with a more exotic setting and leading character, Shadow Warrior Classic Redux is a great shooter that's been perfectly redone for newer computers with tons of beautiful levels and funny one-liners that will keep you hooked.Who wants some wang?"
76561198035643084,Recommended,225160,13080160,"Posted: 25 November, 2014",all,Jr786,"If you thought Lo Wang showed us all No Pain, No Gain in the DOS Classic on Steam! Then get ready to face total Ninja Pain in this HD Remake of Shadow Warrior! Now with 2 new Expansion Packs that's not even in the DOS Version!""HA HA! YOU NO MESS WITH LO WANG!""- Lo Wang"
,Recommended,225160,31212565,Posted: 17 April,all,★ Mr Trillson ★,"If you love Duke Nukem and Blood, then you'll really love this.Also had vehicles BEFORE Halo."
,Recommended,225160,25454551,"Posted: 10 September, 2016",all,ツネシデース,"Wanna wash Wang, or watch Wang wash ""Wang""?Yes/Yes4 Wangs out of 5 because no multiplayer"
76561198086061585,Recommended,225160,8589138,"Posted: 6 January, 2014",all,gaia.razus,Classic games always have a lot of fun inside them.
,Recommended,225160,11693663,"Posted: 13 August, 2014",all,Sok4R,"Shadow Warrior is another great, classic FPS from 3D Realms, the last before they went on to do Duke Nukem Forever.Compared to Duke Nukem 3D the level design has improved even more, all of them seem very well thought out. They make also more use of destructable wall than before, some for revealing secrets or to progress. The style is pretty much the same: find the end of the level, sometimes hindered by locked doors for which keys have to be found. The weapon fit the style of the game, but are not as unique as in DN3D.Beware that the game is very racist against asians and sexist. It spawned controvery at its release and is probably the reason why it didn't sell as well as DN3D did. Especially the comments of protagonist Lo Wang can be quiet bawdy, more than the ""modern"" Lo Wang in the Shadow Warrior reboot of 2013 and even Duke Nukem.The Classic-Redux-Edition features improved music and graphics which look nice in Full-HD resolution but keeping the style of the original. If you prefer the low quality music and sound and heavily pixelated graphics of the original you can still play it as it is included.Also included are the two expansion packs Twin Dragon and Wanton Destruction. WD was made by Sunstorm Interactiv which also made solid expansion packs for DN3D and this one follows them. They have some good level design, although it does not reach the quality of the base game, but are still worth to play. Twin Dragon on the other hand features large, mostly boring and uninspired levels that are more like the ones in modern FPS than the labyrinths of the classics. Especially annoying are the hidden mines in some levels that kill you instantly - not a good fit to a fast paced FPS.I'd recommend the game for everybody who enjoys old school FPS like Doom, Quake or DN3D, although I think Shadow Warrior doesn't reach their quality, but comes very close. The Classic Redux is probably the best version to enjoy the game today."
76561198081235228,Recommended,225160,22826274,"Posted: 6 May, 2016",all,HairyWizard,too much wang for me to handle
,Recommended,225160,17085723,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Dominant Chris,UNLIMITED WANG JOKES!!!!
,Recommended,225160,29246103,Posted: 14 January,all,Jar Lord,It's like Duke Nukem but with ninjas.
,Recommended,225160,9337421,"Posted: 3 March, 2014",all,<><><><>,But you don't fight shadows -1/10
,Recommended,225160,34262494,Posted: 15 August,all,jamestrains,"A game that gives you insight to the gaming industry of yesteryear. The character is fun and different than anything you will see today, often labeled ""racist"" despite being a satirical depiction not meant to be taken literally. Comedy knows no race.The levels are also neat and there are all sorts of easter eggs and hidden interactions that make playing the game a thrill no matter what. The game also has great difficulty settings to adjust the enemies to a level that you can handle."
,Recommended,225160,7637199,"Posted: 11 November, 2013",all,𝕔𝕣𝕠𝕞𝕒𝕥,"""Who Wanta Some Wang?"" Those words are branded into my brain for life.  SW Classic Redux brings back the bat♥♥♥♥♥♥crazy action with Improved features and modern support. This was a game that I grew up with and its epic to see that It has been improved and modernized, well to a certain degree of course. I would not recommended this game to the ""newer"" generation of gamers. But for a old school gamer like myself, it fits like a glove.Final Score: 90/100"
76561198096409305,Recommended,225160,13579821,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,๖ۣۜLoɹd ๖ۣۜIɔǝmɐn,"I hadn't heard of this game, and only seen the new one in passing, but I'm suprised that it doesn't get more recognition. This game still holds up today. The main character, Lo Wang, has a good amount of one-liners and comments involving crude humor. On top of this, he makes verbal references to various other things, such as Speed Racer and Tomb Raider. Your goal for each level is to fight your way through the enemies, and make your way to the end of the level. Every level in itself, requires you to either some exploring and search for keys, or investigate a route to the end. There are various secret areas in each level, each containing helpful gear. In total there are 11 weapons, each having a slightly different use in combat, but overall your biggest concern should be ammounition. The combat is like that of doom, only with a quicker taste, and a sharp sword in the mix. Overall this game is enertaining, has a good sense of humor, good combat, and a likeable protagonist. 8.5/10To keep it simple here is a list of pros and cons.ProsLikeable ProtagonistGood HumorGood CombatVariety of Easter Eggs and Secret AreasYou can make Bunnies have SexConsBees (toughest enemies)No TutorialSlighty Racist"
,Recommended,225160,8215636,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Nikki Kuntkrusti,"I spent so much of my worthless slacker youth making maps for BUILD engine games. Games like Shadow Warrior are proof on how awesome it is. The interactive elements and level design are great in games like Duke 3D, Redneck Rampage and Blood but this one really showcases everything you can do with the game engine.With multiplayer being added to Duke 3D and this game and the included level editors, it'd be pretty badass if these kind of games could become the next retro fad after all this 8-bit stuff finally runs its course."
76561197967583466,Recommended,225160,8318099,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,RookUK,"Shadow Warrior was one of the holy trinity of Build engine shooters, released in 1997. This meant that in the fast-moving world of FPS technology, the Asian-themed successor to Duke Nukem 3D looked pretty old hat on release, and for a long time has not been remembered all that well. However, it was genuinely a great game in its own right and almost matched matched Duke 3D itself. Besides the sexism and racism (corrected in the excellent recent remake) and being arguably a little too unforgiving, SW is a neglected classic shooter of the '90s, complete with the interactivity, hectic action, zany weapons and humour of Duke 3D.This version comes with two (already free) expansions which are surprisingly high quality. Do beware of a map set on a moving plane which while very ahead of its time, does over-reach technically meaning its exit requires a lot of trial and error. Given the beautifully redone main theme, very slick menus and hi-res support, SW Classic Redux is a must for '90s shooter fans."
76561198037077800,Recommended,225160,31665100,Posted: 10 May,all,dystopicfilms,"'Shadow Warrior' can be summed up in six words: Big, brash, self-indulgent, retro fun.Full of stereotypical Asian cliches and post-modern 1990s references. Not as serious as 'Doom', as morbid as 'Blood' or as macho as 'Duke Nukeum 3D'. Make no mistake, 'Shadow Warrior' DOES have a trashy undercurrent of base-level humor (you play a guy called Lo Wang after all) and that in part gives the game it's appeal. If you only play one budget shooter then ideally it should be 'Killing Floor', however, if you want a cheap laugh along with your bullet riddled gore fests, this might be worth a look."
,Recommended,225160,33166206,Posted: 2 July,all,Oite,W A N G
,Recommended,225160,13269022,"Posted: 7 December, 2014",all,{TGC}Fr33,Nothing but childhood memorys here you play as the smooth talk master ninja Lo Wang. This game is all about fast pace fps that will keep you going until you rage from the deaths that you will have to go throught just to pass one level but im saying worth every penny comn and grab a copy !!!!!! or wang will find you and you know wang you to death!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
,Recommended,225160,10947112,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Goldendude,Who want a some WANG!!!
,Recommended,225160,32882299,Posted: 27 June,all,jjonman,"Around the era of Doom and Duke Nukem came Shadow Warrior. A game about Lo Wang, a perverse warrior who sets out to stop the new evil in Japan.A classic by any definition, and a must play for fans of early-mid 90s games"
,Recommended,225160,393176,"Posted: 21 July, 2013",all,MDarkbladeM,"Finally a properly working version (not counting DosBox) of Shadow Warrior in Windows. Full of gags, action and hot anime girls. What's not to like?"
,Recommended,225160,9298254,"Posted: 28 February, 2014",all,Neno,It's like duke nukem but without balls and bubblegums.
76561198056970174,Recommended,225160,13679120,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,Spyro Jyro,"I like sword! Thats a personal weapon!Where to begin with this game? Its just so wonderful.Alright lets start with controls.They work well enough nothing feels clunky or slow. Nothing really intresting to write about here.Story: Silly, and without getting into spoilers too much it involves killing things and cheesey one liners.Gameplay: Its pretty simple. Shoot people, slice people, gas people, blow people up and find keys. You are given a weapon for each key and most weapons have an alternate firing mode, such as the rocket launchers nuke ability. Enemies and bosses are unique and are vastly diffrent making each sitation require diffrent tactics.How it looks (DEM GRAFIX): It looks okay. Honestly if you just look at a screenshot you'll know what your in for.Why should you buy this instead of getting the free version?1: This game looks better.2: It has achivements.3: Has two extra campaigns for more Lo Wang action!4: You don't need duke nukem to play this game. (I think)So yeah, the game is good. While fun you should try to space out your play time. Playing through all four campaigns/segments in a week gave me burnout."
,Recommended,225160,33950436,Posted: 1 August,all,eS,"The Far-East division of the Build trio is back in all it's gory, stupid, shiny, modern system friendly, DOSbox-less glory.Presentation wise, well, it's a 90s Build engine game so it looks about as good (or bad) as they did back then, only this time, it runs on pretty much any resolution you can shake a stick at. I'm glad they put in a ""Retro/Smooth"" selector for the textures because personally, I'm not a big fan of ""smooth"" textures in source-ports of 90s classics, it loses its gritty charm. However, the game is somewhat unstable, mostly when you quickload, so save often (there's quicksave thank goodness), because it does tend to crash from time to time. Sound is also pretty decent, Lo Wang is my favourite of the three Build protagonists (the other two being Duke Nukem and Caleb from ""Blood"", for those that may not know) and the soundscape is good, but the game has a tendency to insanely boost some sounds like pain screams - it's a bit annoying at first but to be fair, I got used to it over time and it's not as noticeable. Some people also complain about the mouse aim being strange, but I don't know, I never felt that, maybe because I'm used to the way Build engine mouse movement behaves; besides, you can set X and Y sensitivity separately, so that should be that. One last thing - the crosshair is useless, because projectiles land a bit to the left of it. I was told this is a ""flaw"" inherent in the engine and I recommend simply turning the crosshair off and going with it.Gameplay wise... what can I say, this game is 90s FPS gold, for some reason, I liked it more than Duke Nukem or Blood. Maybe it's the complex, multi-key hunt level design, the awesome weapons or maybe it's just Lo Wang's crude, unapologetic humour. Make no mistake, by today's standards, this game is offensive as all hell to East Asian cultures because Lo Wang is a walking Chinese action hero stereotype. But I think that it's done in a self-aware, tongue-in-cheek way that you can't really fault it. Just like Duke, who was making fun of roided-up, cocky white action heroes. You are thrown into these massive, non-linear levels with keys to find and bad guys to turn into flying meat. The enemy roster is varied and challenging. BTW, this game is pretty hard, unless you're weak like a baby's fart and play on anything lower than ""Who Wants Wang"" (Hard).Thankfully, the weapons in this game are amazing to help speed up the extermination process. I think this is one of a select few FPS games in which the melee attack remains useful and powerful from start to finish, and it's simply a joy to slash enemies in half with a Katana while Lo Wang spouts classy one-liners such as ""Oooh, sprit personarity!"" or ""You half a man you used to be!"". The Shuriken and Sticky Bombs are pretty much useless (as weapons, you can use them as tools though), but the Uzi, Riot Shotgun, Missile Launcher, Grenade Launcher and Railgun are your go-to tools of Wanton Destruction (couldn't help myself). A lot of them have secondary or even tertiary firing modes, like the Guardian head, which is literally the severed head of an enemy type that shoots fire from its mouth in three different ways, the Rocket Launcher which fires heat-seeking missiles (provided you found a heat-seeker card) or even a goddamn nuke (provided you found the warhead), or the Riot Shotgun which fires either one blast or a burst of four consecutive blasts. Wang ""like big wepen"" indeed.The expansion packs are decent, I enjoyed Wanton Destruction just a bit more than Twin Dragon, but they're both good and... well... expand the game experience (I know, I'm bursting with originality right now). Together they pretty much double the length of the original game.Last and certainly not least, this game is, at times, ridiculously cheap during sales. I got it for 1€. One freakin' Euro, that's the price of like a cheap candy bar or something. If that's not value for money, I don't know what is. But even at full price, I'd still say it's worth it.All in all, this game is great and it's a shame it got overshadowed (pun intended) by the games that came out around that time (mostly Quake), because it's an absolute classic. If you're on the verge, hesitate no more, grasshopper. ""Who Wants some Wang?"" You. You do."
,Recommended,225160,33687697,Posted: 20 July,all,huPo,Pure gold.
76561198010860196,Recommended,225160,8432907,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,THAT AINT FALCO,"Shadow Warrior is an excellent game for the die-hard FPS fan. Having been made by one of the biggest pioneers of the FPS genre, 3D Realms, who also made Duke Nukem, Shadow Warrior is an excellent game to sit down with. Have fun finding all the secrets, easter eggs and references the devs left scattered throughout the game and let yourself get sucked into Lo Wang's world. His wit, jokes, one-liners and personality make him the Duke Nukem of Japan.Shadow Warrior is a timeless, action-packed, shoot 'em up kinda game that is sure to entertain and is easily one of the most memorable experiences I've had with the FPS genre.""You no mesh wit Lo Wang!"""
,Recommended,225160,8456094,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,Kabaleeswaran,"Considered to be the most modern game of the build engine series at the time, Shadow Warrior is definitely a jewel in the midst of steam! I remembered when I was a kid, I saw this game in the shelves and thought it was a knockoff of Duke Nukem 3d; but after 15 years later, getting it on steam, I really have missed out on alot! While the gameplay aspect is incredibly similar to Duke Nukem 3d (As well as other build engine games like Blood), it definitely has unique features that make the game more appealing to its older brothers. What really makes the game addictive is you can use a arsenal of bizarre and cool weapons, like a decapitated head of a monster, a multibarreled shotgun, and even the famous uzi.For what it's worth, it's definitely worth it! It even comes with a Dos/Classical version of the game, for the especially hardcore old school fans!"
76561198078050983,Recommended,225160,31890119,Posted: 21 May,all,enderhx,Still funny.  Guess I never grew up.  XD  Buy this game if you want to have 90's style fun!
76561198037377133,Recommended,225160,34370689,Posted: 20 August,all,Georgek117,"Wonderful and entertaining classic shooter that's aged brilliantly.Shadow Warrior is one of those classic shoot-em-up games from the late 90s - a contender to the likes of Doom and Duke Nukem, you'll quickly find it hard to stop playing once you've started. Besides the hilarious dark humour element there's a ton of easter eggs and pop cultural references to find, and the brutal bloody action of the combat will have you hooked. There's nothing more satisfying than sprinting around a room slicing up demons with a katana and watching them slowly crumple in half, spurting blood everywhere.Pick it up, you won't regret it."
,Recommended,225160,28611210,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,RaveWolfe_TZ,It's so nice to be able to go back and play a game from my childhood.It's exactly how I remember it. The games that first got me into shooters. Love this throw back!
,Recommended,225160,8053860,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,ThatDarnOwl,"Shadow Warrior is a classic first person shooter made by 3D Realms back in the 90s. It was effectively the successor to Duke Nukem 3D. While Duke Nukem 3D made fun of American action movies, Shadow Warrior was a parody on Kung Fu movies.The game stars Lo Wang, a man who continuously makes puns about how his name is slang for♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ His mentor is killed by his arch nemesis, which prompts Lo Wang to go on a roaring rampage of revenge. It's worth noting Shadow Warrior's default campaign is kind of meh in general. I actually found myself preferring it's expansion packs due to their level and enemy variety.Once you get beyond the occasionally challenging enemies Shadow Warrior opens up to you as a very enjoyable FPS. Not one that surpasses Duke Nukem 3D mind you, but still a very worthy successor to it."
76561198096806713,Recommended,225160,21905380,"Posted: 18 March, 2016",all,HI-TEC,"Classic FPS never dies. Lo Wang will kick some♥♥♥♥♥Buy it if you looking for:✓Gory & Fun gameplay✓Smart, interesting & hilarious (sometimes) level design✓Quite chalenging game difficulty (""No pain no gain"")✓Fun Duke Nukem style jokes spiced with badass Japanese ninja taste✓Badass weapons (Nuclear missle)✓Replay value (Easter eggs, secrets, 2nd playthrought on hardest difficulty, speedrun chalenges)Ancient Chinese secret/10"
,Recommended,225160,1219648,"Posted: 8 August, 2013",all,Pumpkinhead,Confucius says - man who stand on toilet high on pot
,Recommended,225160,8910175,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Brutus,On a scale of 1 - DOOM 3 I rate this game a Lo Wang.
76561198048752110,Recommended,225160,11486229,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,Dunwich Daddy,Take Master Roshi from Dragonballput him a blender with Duke Nukempour it into a tray in the shape of a 70's poorly dubbed kung-fu movieadd monsters and naked anime girls that shoot you for watching them poopyou get Shadow Warriorand it is incredibly fun.11/10
,Recommended,225160,10879049,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Fanatischer Lieferwagenfahrer,Do you want to wash Wang?Or do you want to watch Wang wash Wang?!10/10 because classic and never gets old
76561198043034572,Recommended,225160,8273975,"Posted: 25 December, 2013",all,shunjak,Maybe the best game in the world.
76561198024008152,Recommended,225160,9674804,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,Snake ~ [R.W],"Awsome game, in my opinion its better than Duke Nukem 3D even thought that kinda stole the show, Shadow Warrior is full of little easter eggs and Lowangs sayings are simply hairlarious.. Must buy for any fan off the late 90's fps games."
,Recommended,225160,8413434,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,Naberius,"Best single player FPS around, even with the dated graphics from 1997 this game destroys many of the modern releases in this genre with its originality and fun story. The redux also includes Wanton Destruction and Twin Dragons expansions, with these great additions this is reason enough to let your wang out."
,Recommended,225160,14530689,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,A. K. Plebsterton,Like Duke Nukem but with more racism.
,Recommended,225160,8824312,"Posted: 23 January, 2014",all,Nirrtix,"What is to say... you are Lo Wang, you got a Riot Gun, Shuikens and get to kill tons of demon dudes.Basically if you liked Duke Nukem 3d this is a Ninja themed Duke Nukem 3d with different weapons and since it came out after Duke Nukem 3D it has better graphics.Shadow Warrior is different in ways like there is no Jet Pack and you have 2 melee wepons like your fists and a sword.In the end this game is the classic 1990's style shooter, where you just kill stuff randomly. If you like that stuff or played the original Shadow Warrior I would definatly recommend it."
,Recommended,225160,808605,"Posted: 24 July, 2013",all,Serious Rainbow,Get this. Shadow Warrior was underrated when it originally came out. DON'T MISS IT NOW.
,Recommended,225160,12038100,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Iridur,"Playing this game again made me realize how much I used to like the voxels of the original build engine. This game specifically was not my favourite at that time, but the nostalgia value made it grow on my perception - a lot. It's fun, not very long, hard and on occasion makes you laugh about some of the jokes."
76561198066908549,Recommended,225160,13807867,"Posted: 3 January, 2015",all,Aytakk,You no mess with Lo Wang!Glad I could find a version that works well. The little upgrades to the menu system are nice too. One I will certainly be putting a lot more time into just for those memorable Lo Wang quotes.
,Recommended,225160,12254357,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,Popowerst,"A lot like Duke Nukem, but Duke surpasses this game in most ways. Fun to mess around in if you get the combo pack though."
,Recommended,225160,20937971,"Posted: 3 February, 2016",all,Holy Diver,"""Row, row, row your boat, gently down the stream, whoa, I think my dinghy hanging out."""
,Recommended,225160,21136197,"Posted: 11 February, 2016",all,HandsomeLost,A impressive classic fps game with amazing details.This game includes:An invincible KatanaAncient Chinese secretsNuke missilesHot chicksPachinko machinesAnime posters10/10 Who wants some Wang?
,Recommended,225160,7991638,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Monaka,"From the creators of the hit title duke nuke them forever comes Shadow Realm, in this game you play as Joe Mushashi and you shoot all the bad guys with your naruto stars.Like Duke Nukem 3D, it's  not compatible with any 3D glasses I own to give me the 3D adventure I was promised.10/10 GOTY"
76561198069735211,Recommended,225160,31989572,Posted: 26 May,all,DaHotFuzz,"I only just discovered this game from a friend and it turns out it released around the same time as the classic Duke Nukem 3D.  Let me just say, Shadow Warrior Classic plays identically to Duke Nukem 3D and that was one of my favorite games growing up. The controls, weapons, health pick ups, enemy movements, and yes, even the main character.  You play as Lo Wang and his one-liners throughout the game are reminescent of the Duke we grew up with - slick, funny and a bit racy with a very obvious Asian accent compared to Duke's notorious American bravado.Shadow Warrior Redux does of course stick to the original except it is with HD visuals.  There are 47 levels in total (including the two expansions) so you're easily going to get your money's worth.  I am on level 18 and at this point have put in about 10 hours into the game, so you can see that there is a lot of content, especially when you look for secrets and such.   I will note that while it is similar to Duke Nukem 3D, the level design is definitely a bit more complex.  Finding secrets takes some patience and a little understanding of puzzles at times. I can see how I would have struggled playing this as a kid but so far right now, I haven't been stuck badly enough that I needed to check a guide.Regardless, it is a blast and I absolutely love the variety of weapons from shurikens to katanas, dual uzis, shotguns, missile launchers, grenade launchers, etc.  All of these weapons make for a bloody (there is lots of blood) enjoyable and violent experience.Had I known of this gem before I would have jumped on the opportunity to play it sooner, but I am glad to be playing it now.  If you want a classic fps that takes you back to the 90's, look no further."
76561197972861378,Recommended,225160,14535431,"Posted: 18 February, 2015",all,Νάκκενγεσιχτ! (Rümmler),You can kill hornets with your bare fists or with a nuclear warhead out of your rocket launcher - You no mess with Lo Wang!
,Recommended,225160,30000978,Posted: 17 February,all,Ninja Tuяtle,omg brought me back to a really young age when i didnt even understand how cool this game was. Huge step up in campaign detail and story from duke nukem shooter. loved it. if you have never played a shadow warrior definetly a great place to start!
76561197985661127,Recommended,225160,33210938,Posted: 3 July,all,Tactical Loli,World needs more Wang
,Recommended,225160,34603165,Posted: 30 August,all,Fцlкяuм,You no mess with Lo Wang! One of the best games on the genre alongside Duke Nukem 3D and DOOM.
,Recommended,225160,23890115,"Posted: 28 June, 2016",all,Mashishi,You Don't mess with the Lo Wang
,Recommended,225160,22189887,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,Rebrahimy,"Coming from the Shadow Warrior reboot made a couple years back, I was kinda skeptic about the older version. I was unsure about whether it would deliver the same amount of fun as that one. The more I played it, however, the more I enjoyed the fast-paced combat, the arsenal of weaponry, and the difficulty level. Like most old-school shooters, Shadow Warrior Classic is pretty difficult, although multiple difficulty levels are presented for those who want to have a more pleasant journey. All in all, I've enjoyed the game a good amount and it holds up pretty well. Lovers of the Shadow Warrior reboot, and some who prefer FPS in general, will find this game great."
,Recommended,225160,28545361,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Microsoft-BinLaden™,i like sååwd
,Recommended,225160,25177996,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Gouranga1,One of my favorite game series and definitely a classic. I would definitely suggest this game to anyone who enjoys old school shooters as well as innuendo and cheesy jokes.
,Recommended,225160,33167991,Posted: 2 July,all,Poodleinacan,"This totally triggered my culturally appropriated feelies. I could litterally be Hitler, so much this game humorally offensivily fun.I REEEEEEEEEEEEEElly recommend this game, if you like stupid one-liner jokes and mock Nippon stereotyping goodness."
,Recommended,225160,13302797,"Posted: 9 December, 2014",all,Bison Zabi,"YOU NO MESS WITH LO WANG!If you're not a bleeding heart overly sensitive ♥♥♥♥♥, then buy this game when it's on sale.It was probably the pinnacle of what a developer could do with 2.5d shooters. It took the Build Engine and pushed it to its limit. It's Duke Nukem from the East and from another mother. The insanity of Lo Wang with his cheesy puns as he goes on a quest to kill Master Zilla is just overall entertaining. The soundtrack is also suprisingly wellmade. Unfortunately this game was overshadowed by the increasingly evolving FPS industry at the time such as the release of game like Quake 2 ect.Fun fact: This game was the first game to use sticky bombs 5 years prior to Halo."
76561197990808545,Recommended,225160,33905603,Posted: 30 July,all,BakasBeware,Remake of a classic with ease of controls and mouse movement. Great fun!
,Recommended,225160,5364085,"Posted: 18 August, 2013",all,M.D. Chaos,"one of my all time favorites and better than duke 3d in my opinion. the visuals run on the build engine and on that engine it looks very good and the new theme is just much better to me than duke.The visuals did look dated at the time due to quake being released which it gets overlooked because of that.  now duke 3d  was a parody on action films, Shadow warrior parodies kung fu and samurai films which provides a unique feel through out the game. Sound is excellent, lo wang's line are hysterical and the music is excellent and fits very well with the game. Gameplay is like duke 3d but not really It has the same excellent non-linear level design and that's about it. Shooting demons feels really good which brings me to the weapons which are unique such as the shurikens,railgun,dual uzis,demon head flame thrower, a heart that clones you, and even a sticky bomb yes it predates halo. Even more unique several of the weapons have an alternate firing mode adding the diversity of the combat like a burst fire in the riot shot gun and the nuke for the rocket launcher. now shadow warrior does get repetative in parts and that's about it. this version of shadow warrior is the best cause not only is it an updated source port but also includes both the expansion packs so it's a must buy for fps fans. Now there is a reboot coming and you know what despite the changes I think it looks pretty damn awesome.9.5/10 A must buy for fps fans"
,Recommended,225160,12416141,"Posted: 8 October, 2014",all,Wild Water Buffalo,"Alot of people grew up with this game, and upon replaying it, I realized that it's a ""dated"" game, although I did play the new Shadow Warrior and enjoyed it, although not the same original awesome ""feel"", still a ""feel"".Shadow Warrior Classic Redux, I didn't notice a difference from the original, maybe it was the ""completion screen"", but overall same graphics from what I remember.Also, all of the dlc content I haven't gone into yet, and HADN'T gone into when I was maybe 12 or 13 yrs old, upon it originally coming out. So, will update this later with more in-depth review and rating for entire package of ""Shadow Warrior"".Overall, this game is a collection piece that I currently have maybe 4 hours into, REMEMBER TO SAVE, or you will hate this game, but also DON'T BE A NOOB. These games aren't Call of Battlefield Strike Ninja Offensive 6, they are push ""e"" on every wall, and pachinko machine (sometimes more than once), get the keycard, snappy witty sayings and one-liners, mixed with appropriately placed ""secret area hentai"".6/10"
,Recommended,225160,12592052,"Posted: 21 October, 2014",all,Merim,"Shadow warrior has always been a good game, very challenging levels. However it lacks cutscenes, not much of scenes anyways. But the game is still going strong with the gameplay and mods nevertheless. Its as violent as Duke Nukem 3D."
76561198126762760,Recommended,225160,30444591,Posted: 11 March,all,✌ bonk_,It's a cool old school game but obviously it's sometimes hard to find a button or something.
76561197976986893,Recommended,225160,18911076,"Posted: 6 November, 2015",all,The Daddy Part Deux,"A very funny game.  A must for those of you who are into Duke Nukem or the game A Pint of Blood.  Nuaghty and cheeky references all the way, and very cheap to buy."
76561198026143136,Recommended,225160,32366253,Posted: 12 June,all,Terefere,"Fun, silly humor. Twin Dragon have a poor level design though. I couldnt make screenshots, which was a shame as I wanted to keep all this easter eggs manga girls in memories haha"
,Recommended,225160,25268859,"Posted: 31 August, 2016",all,BlackEagle1519,"Just great redux of excellent game, nothing more to say.8/10 - Would watch Wang wash wang again."
,Recommended,225160,33868477,Posted: 28 July,all,REDSHADOW,"a game where you can get lost for not know what you are suppose to do, to being able to COLLECT back the shurikens you threw, to have to encounter and  kill working demons doing regular  people work do in real life. to being able to hurt yourself if you punch a FREAKING WALL........ for an old game this has realism10/10 I feel like I am playing my life in this game"
76561198156692701,Recommended,225160,13009835,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Oreo Ranger Peter,CHING CHONG BUBBLE GUM CHANG CHOONG AZZ CHING CHONG OUT OF AZZ CHONG LOW WANG.-ign 10/10
76561198070386406,Recommended,225160,9285235,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Uriel1776,Just buy it! :D
,Recommended,225160,10596662,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,ohurtado07,amazing classic game!
,Recommended,225160,8987667,"Posted: 5 February, 2014",all,NekoiNemo,This games is amazing. It's old but it has it's charm even graphically. Adaptation to the modern systems is flawless.
76561198122201591,Recommended,225160,9667162,"Posted: 29 March, 2014",all,master of moisture,"Its a classic game that takes me back to duke nukem, this game is not for people who want good graphics but this in my opinion is better then old games like quake doom or postal in my opnion 10/10"
,Recommended,225160,14366927,"Posted: 7 February, 2015",all,gatodelun1x,There once was a man in CipangKnown to all as mister Lo WangCountless enemies did he impaleWith his very own dragon tailThat long and hard metal thang
,Recommended,225160,4304302,"Posted: 14 July, 2013",all,smlsh,"Давно хотел сыграть в эту игру,играл в неё в не стима ,но управление было жуткое)Играл вышла в стиме незамедлительно её купил ИБО афигенская игрулька драйв график былых времен интересный главный герой, которой произносит иногда отличные реплики, советую всем кто хочет помохать мечом, пострелять из пушек и покидаться сюрикенами!!!)))10/10"
,Recommended,225160,74026,"Posted: 14 September, 2013",all,sMashPiranha,I wanted some wang
,Recommended,225160,11453626,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,DudeDesigns,"The trilogy of Build Games continues with the Kung-Fu movie inspired Shadow Warrior.In Shadow Warrior, you play level by level in glorious 90's kung-fu movie action. The maps, as usual to 3D Realms build series, are crafted with love and attention, are detailed, and fun to play through. Your arsenal of weapons include katanas, ninja stars, grenade launchers, uzis, and even a ♥♥♥♥ing nuke launcher.Shadow Warrior was a lost gem in terms of Build games. The re-release includes modern resolutions, and other goodies as well.Shadow Warrior, Duke 3D, and Blood are some of the greatest Build Engine games ever made, and they are all on Steam. Get the trilogy today, and Come Get Some Wang."
76561197960284390,Recommended,225160,9027118,"Posted: 8 February, 2014",all,Yoi o otoshi yo!!,"good 90 s memories. so, why should not buy a pice of your childhood ?the game runs on my machine.16:10 resulution"
76561198051915485,Recommended,225160,10627317,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Chronic Infection,Fun old school fps.8/10
,Recommended,225160,10831711,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,gameboy_9128,I played the Newst copy of this and this game is a blast!
,Recommended,225160,21191135,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,Vejita,Whoooo waaaanta some Wang!?
,Recommended,225160,7900397,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Afourz,It`s Fun (^_^ )
76561198188861328,Recommended,225160,31010171,Posted: 7 April,all,Vic,"I got this game by purchasing by pre-ordering Shadow Warrior 2 I think. Considering when it was made I say it's pretty good. Also despite it being one of those Doom/Duke Nukem clones from the late 90's it's still a lot of fun. Everything is pretty awsome all around, from it's unique theme to it's weapons, enimies, levels, level designs, soundtrack, and the overall gameplay, but the bosses are kinda lame. It took me about 6 hours to get through all the expansion packs and I also replayed, it's that fun !. And for bonus points it is one of the very few Ninja based games on Steam or in general that isn't weeb♥♥♥♥♥♥ 8/10 considering the time it was made."
,Recommended,225160,14193296,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,James CyberLink,"Duke Nukem has a cousin from China. Or is it Japan...? Nope, probably China, but he uses a katana so you never know."
76561198302487921,Recommended,225160,29549366,Posted: 28 January,all,KVELLER,"After playing this for the first time I can say without any doubt, that this is one of the best FPS from the 90's.You play as a ninja called Lo Wang, with the starting weapons being a katana and shurikens, but later on you will get actual guns such as dual-wielded UZIs, a semi-automatic shotgun and a missile launcher (which can even launch nuclear warheads!), and I have to say that I'm impressed that the Katana, despite being a starting weapon, remains useful during the whole game.About the difficulty, well, it's brutal, but only until you get the hang of it. In the first level I died about 10-15 times in the ""I have no fear"" difficulty (which is easy/medium) and in that moment I absolutely hated the game, but I kept trying until I got used to the controls and the pace of everything. After that the game was a lot easier for me (not too much though).You can get the original game for free if you want, but I don't know about the quality of it (DOSBox + Steam = Chaos) and I think the OpenGL rendering, the support for high resolutions and the expansions are well worth the price."
,Recommended,225160,8030698,"Posted: 13 December, 2013",all,Mr. Wallet,"This is an under-rated and under-played example of classic shooters. If you have a historical interest in the genre, you might want to pick it up. If you've played the newer one understand that this one has a very different feel and plays more like duke nukem; you're rewarded (by not losing health) for winning fights fast and efficiently, not by using each weapon once. Also like any classic shooter, there's a few things that aren't conveyed, so here's some tips:You should press the use key on absolutely everything to find secret caches. And shoot gongs. Also punching training dummies gives you health. And the sword kills spawning ghosts instantly.A word of warning: The game is like 3x as hard without autoaim, and the game is more satisfying with it on. The gun and movement mechanics were designed completely around the assumption that autoaim would be on and the user might not be using a mouse. Difficulty 2/4 without autoaim is harder than 4/4 difficulty with it on."
76561197988857678,Recommended,225160,8320415,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Dose,"No way around it, Shadow Warrior Classic Redux is  a nostalgic shooter at its best. I think its better than duke nukem, maybe because I am more of a ninja guy than an American pork♥♥♥♥♥♥smelling, cigar smoking dude. Grabbed this one and the new 2013 shadow warrrior, I am trying to beat this one completely before starting the new version. Its a challenge but worth the money.Get it, Lo Wang or no wang"
,Recommended,225160,564468,"Posted: 20 August, 2013",all,theromulans,"It's a blast to return to the world of Shadow Warrior. Like Duke3D and Blood before it, there are some great game mechanics on show here - and some slight twists to the formula. Shadow Warrior's campaign feels more solid than Duke3D's, indeed it has been a bit of a surprise to find that the game has been put together quite well with the old Build Engine. There are still a few obtuse moments where I am left scratching my head wondering where the key is - or where to go to next, but generally it's classic FPS gaming. I really enjoy rediscovering these classic games....and getting some phat Steam achievements in the process, of course."
,Recommended,225160,1044068,"Posted: 8 August, 2013",all,Neon InCole Anderson,"NOW ON SALE THERE IS NO REASON NOT TO BUY THIS!!!Created in the footsteps of Duke Nukem 3D and Atomic, this embodies everything that made Duke so awesome, but throw in a slice of rude Asian jokes or jokes about Asia, as well as a slice of humour/violence as in Redneck Rampage (similar game to Duke and Shadow Warrior) and you have yourself one bad♥♥♥♥♥ fun, addictive and insanely offensive game!Also this game can easily be completed with just the Katana... ok well... not /easily/ but it can be done :PSo shut up and give Steam your moneyz!"
,Recommended,225160,21661101,"Posted: 6 March, 2016",all,101% REAL GEMTD GAMERGIRL,Too much waterWeebs may or may not get offended(Same with the Japanese)Japanese/Chinese duke nukemhattori ninja3dBrutalComes free when purchasing Duke Nukem megatonniesClassic.9/11
,Recommended,225160,27164103,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Raxx,"Shadow Warrior Classic Redux, possibly one of the best FPS games ever made. If you are a fan of DOOM or Duke Nukem than you will sure love Shadow Warrior. In Shadow Warrior you play as Legendary warrior badass Lo Wang and must battle through levels of demonic forces all in a beautifully designed near-future Japan. You'll have countless weapons at your disposal such as your trusty katana, Uzis, Shurikens, Grenade launchers, rocket launchers, rail guns, sticky bombs, chainguns, gas bombs etc. There is plenty to see and explore in each level, consisting of some pretty challenging secrets and some of the best easter eggs ever in a video game. It's safe to say this is a FPS classic and one of my favorite games ever made. This game can also be very challenging as a whole which is a great thing indeed, so if you play on one of the harder difficulties you will definitely have your FPS skills tested. If you happen to beat the game on the hardest, thats something any FPS fan should be proud of. This is just one of those classics any FPS fan should play at some point. Great gameplay, amazing soundtrack, overall a superb game."
76561198259549674,Recommended,225160,23360082,"Posted: 3 June, 2016",all,hentacle,"A warning for the faint-hearted who's resolve got mellowed by modern day shooters that treat you as a child and hold your hand while leading you through straight path from start to finish: you'll see nothing of that here. Prepare for running in maze-like levels where you could spend hours stuck on a single level untill you get a sudden jolt of inspiration or get plain lucky while investigating random spot around the level. And no matter how good you are at quest fps games, you WILL feel like a complete idiot from time to time for not getting what the game wants from you; and when you find the solution, you'll either pat yourself on the back for the job well done, facepalm hard for not seeing something obvious or rip your hair out in anger, swearing to murder devs for putting a keycard in a really obnoxious place with no buttons/levers/enemies/hints or any other indication that it was there (thanks for not telling me it was half a meter away from you, tech girl. Appreciate it).The game is quite lengthy (took me 25h to 100% clear all four campaigns), so you'll definitely get your money's worth out of it."
,Recommended,225160,10733138,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Your Lord & Savior Jesus Christ,"I love this game. and you may ask, ""Well what is there to love about the original Shadow Warrior?"" To answer the that question one must quote the wise words of Lo Wang - ""I'd rather kick♥♥♥♥♥than solve puzzle."" or ""Ooo lady, who beat you with an ugly stick?""So why choose this over the recently made prequel of a similar title? The voice acting and the comedy. The new game is just OK in those areas. The original is hilarious, with a voice that is gruffer and more bearable to listen to while playing and replaying. Comedy wise, this version (the original) is great and offensive. It has great one liners that will make you laugh, where as the new game doesn't have this kind of comedy, due to more restrictions and the media condemning anything that a child might play, even if the suggested age is for mature/adults.To wrap this up, the game is a classic and I've personally loved the game since the 90's, and it's been my favorite game since, so I'd recommend this to anyone that wants some action and comedy in their gaming lives. Highly recommend 10/10."
76561198071555263,Recommended,225160,13887893,"Posted: 7 January, 2015",all,BlueFire,"A classic shooter in every sense of the word. Great gunplay, great levels, and the cheesy (yet awesome) personality of Lo Wang."
76561198038364816,Recommended,225160,8010523,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Hornbecian,"Everyone loves puppies, right? Well this game is calibrated to those who would either eat or stomp on said puppies, combined with an affected sf/chinese accent.  Solid mechanics, decent graphics, questionably hilarious theme."
,Recommended,225160,8429861,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Sanctus-Susanin,Good old classic.Must have.Point.
76561198013252146,Recommended,225160,9132258,"Posted: 15 February, 2014",all,facesforce,"So, you are playing Shadow Warrior Classic redux? Well, if you are looking for a modern fps complete with COD style gameplay, you are in the wrong place. But... If you are looking for some Doom style, Dukem Nukem devil may care attitude 2d-that-wants-to-be-3d fps shooter goodness, complete with 90s cheese, you are in the right place.Gameplay: Fly about at hyper speed as the ""shadow warrior"" with a arsenal of weapons and enemies that will kill you 95% of the time. You are going to have to learn to strafe, not to ever use the shurikens or gas bomb, and swap from uzis to sword fluidly in order to get ahead in this mad house. Just don't hesitate to run, because the game will love to try to kill you, again and again.Story: You are Lo Wang, Shadow Warrior and old chinese man whom mistakes everything for ""chinese secret"" even as he fights the evil zombie ninja producing Zilla corparation from Japan. Are we here for the story? Hell no. But still, the bad chinese jokes will always get a giggle.The Puzzles: Ah, old school FPS and thier puzzles... Well, the puzzles in Shadow Warrior are terrible. They can be to difficult, kill you for no rhyme and reason, and you know what? That is just fine. The gameplay makes up for it. Just save. Alot.Enjoyment?: Without a doubt. Go ahead, kill some old school zombie ninjas with this crazy old man and hit on some anime girls while you are at it. It is alot of fun.Final Notes: Save. Save often, and enjoy the little things, like the Slayers referance in stage 1. It's what makes it worth while."
,Recommended,225160,8224063,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Keri,"absolutely the best worst thing. awesome gameplay; and humor that simultaneously brings back memories of another generation and makes me cringe a little, but i laugh at the same time."
76561198041636869,Recommended,225160,19407268,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Brother Alpha,"I played this game when it first came out, so Nostalgia might be clouding my opinion here, but I had a blast playing this again.There are a few issues with the game that were frustrating, but none were deal-breaking.1.) I was killed opening a door on more than one occasion. I would literally open the door, only to be squished between the door and the wall.2.) Some buttons can only be pressed while crouching. I don't mean you have to crouch, crawl under something to reach the button, and then press it. I mean it is out in the open, but you have to crouch to press it.3.) Loading a save file can sometimes crash the game. However, this never happened more than once per save file, so I never lost any progress as a result of doing this."
,Recommended,225160,10774007,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,I'm already under attack,"gr8ate port, what makes this even better is the game itself is avaliable for free on steamhttp://store.steampowered.com/app/238070/buying the port is completely unnecessary but worth it because OpenGL ports of my favorite fpsses mean i can play it on windows 8 no problem and not have to spend hours sorting out the controlsall is needed now is one unit whole blood"
,Recommended,225160,29982905,Posted: 17 February,all,Rapxtor,"If you are in FPS games, you'll like this one for sure, since the old way of making shooters is intact and doesnt have most of the bs FPS games have now days.The Graphics arent eye candy, but the gameplay compensate the dated engine and give you hours of fun, secrets to find and a hilarious character that always have some bs to say.The smooth Melee and gun combat with challenging firefights, massive open levels filled with secrets, a few puzzles to keep you busy and a really good story, make this title worth while and make you think why did devs changed the FPS formula so drastically to hold hands to players instead.This redux also comes with two expansion packs for you to play besides the original game, wich give you a few more hours of gameplay, this is a must for any fan of shooters, specially old ones."
76561198135465111,Recommended,225160,33689894,Posted: 20 July,all,Martin062081,One of the games I always wanted
76561198065348856,Recommended,225160,34152374,Posted: 10 August,all,Solar Macharius,Ahh...better than acupuncture!
,Recommended,225160,20883296,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,The Super Autist,What FPS should be..... FUN.
,Recommended,225160,4379518,"Posted: 9 July, 2013",all,GasMask,The Chinese Duke Nukem!
,Recommended,225160,34466169,Posted: 24 August,all,Toki,"Every enemy in this game blows up, so be cautious."
,Recommended,225160,9797441,"Posted: 12 April, 2014",all,Nosferwaifu,You really no mess with Lo Wang
,Recommended,225160,10521357,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,D3D4,Best game ever in my opinion
76561198063185839,Recommended,225160,12208499,"Posted: 23 September, 2014",all,Barkly the Basketball,amazing
76561198097675823,Recommended,225160,12394743,"Posted: 6 October, 2014",all,Izumi Sena,lo wang shadow warrior is soo freaking cool !big weapons like automatic shotgun and anime posters+fast paced fps+badass enemies+lo wang one liners10/10 sword ! thats my personal weapon
,Recommended,225160,21887903,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,ХD,"It's Duke Nukem 3D/Blood goes east!What more could you possibly want?- There's Lo Wang's (sexual, cheeky, so-bad-that-it's-good) humor;- There're lots of cool secrets and popular gaming references from the late 90s;- There are cool weapons with 2 firing modes (nuclear warheads? Check! The heart of a demon that can clear an entire area of monsters? Check!);- There are several episodes for you to play through, including the 4-level shareware episode - death to money-milking early access titles;- Most of all, there's a ton of action waiting for you in this remastered version of what is one of the best classic FPS games that defined the gaming era back in 1997 (almost 20 years ago, yikes).Being a remastered version, expect to see updated visuals, refined audio and controls, and other tiny details that actually matter in a hectic game like this one. You may initially feel that the whole action is too fast for you to grasp, but once you get used to it, you won't have it any other way.If you're a fan of classic first person shooters, the likes of which we don't see much in this age of over-the-top tactical and cinematic shooters, Shadow Warrior Classic Redux is the game that will take you way back to a simpler gaming time. You'll often find it on sale for the price of .99 euro, so you have every reason to give it a try."
76561197993790681,Recommended,225160,22821164,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,DUKE NUKEM,"no tutorial, no hand holding, just wang to the wall ACTION. the way first person shooters should be, there is no modern equal to this, its not just a better first person shooter its literally a different genre to more modern first persons shooters. we honestly needs a different genre for it. so lets compare it to other 90s shootersthis game is most simlar to duke nukem and its not quiiiiiiite that good. but lo wang has a style and swagger all his own. he is very over the top and exciting and you will enjoy the one liners. the action is still fast paced and the levels are even better designed than duke's and this game has the BEST EXPLOSIONS IN A GAME EVER OMG.you will have fun with this one. if you have never owned a shooter from the 90s this is a great place to start and i think you will find this is unique to anything you have played before."
,Recommended,225160,33946386,Posted: 1 August,all,Berlinkes,"Playing with a Wang, literally. Good shooter, when 3d realms were still a thing, like... good. It plays like a 90s shooter, it sounds like a 90s shooter, with 90s grafics too!Good for nostalgia (if you like 90s games) and a good game if you are not a 4k f4g."
,Recommended,225160,29703128,Posted: 4 February,all,Questy,To be a true WangYou have to be oneWith Mr. Lo Wang
,Recommended,225160,16679142,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Aegenwulf,took damage because i was punching a wall10/10 more realistic than any modern game
76561198117691497,Recommended,225160,21500817,"Posted: 27 February, 2016",all,dragon00b,Excellent HD graphics and pure nostalgy.Worth every penny!!!
,Recommended,225160,33122119,Posted: 2 July,all,i pasol spati 228,Man who fart in church sit in own pew.
,Recommended,225160,13480335,"Posted: 20 December, 2014",all,Ben,You won't beat it without dying. You'll be too busy laughing at the incredibly racist jokes.
,Recommended,225160,8725614,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,rubbor duccy,*asian accent* Son you man now bye
,Recommended,225160,8448501,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,Captain Picards Balls,""" You no mess with Lo Wang ""."
76561198038371482,Recommended,225160,7297626,"Posted: 3 October, 2013",all,Rat 13,Who wanna some Wang?!
,Recommended,225160,9631808,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,Atlaimond,"If you don't count the graphic and sound quality, if you only like the atmosphere and liked this king of jokes, then this game is which you want.Good things:There isn't a computer which can't run well that game.If you like finding the hidden items, there are many what you can find it.Bad things:Often hard thing to the ordinary players that how to find keys, cards or the good way.Rarely, the saves have broken. So, I suggest you to do make more than one save.I recommend this game to those who like retro style and funny jokes atmosphere."
,Recommended,225160,18025901,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,AccidentlyOnPurpose,"8/10 - Doom with a sword.Awesome. A fun play! Dated but you don't even think about it. Similar to Doom, Wolfenstien.Classic ShooterWorth $5 still. On sale for $2 or less.Accidently ReviewedWas this review helpful or maybe even not helpful? Either way join this group for more. Free Keys and Reviews weekly!Steam Group: AccidentlyReviewed"
,Recommended,225160,21865685,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Admiral Hotdog,3 words : BUY IT NOW
76561198281049420,Recommended,225160,21870037,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Хикка ДомоSAD,10/10
,Recommended,225160,19695918,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Foxysen,"Shadow Warrior Classic Redux is a 2013 remaster or update of an original Shadow Warrior game that came out in 1997, used Build engine and was made by 3D Realms. Or ""Lo Wang is Shadow Warrior"" if we are to belive what cover of a box said. It's an old-school FPS game and can be descriped as eastern bro of Duke Nukem 3D.Classic Redux also includes original DOS version, as well as all two released expansion packs, which are freeware anyway. There is no multiplayer from original. Original had competetive (DM) and cooperative modes, though it uses service which isn't there anymore, so you can't use original. Or at least as far as I am aware.As for technical side, there are occasional crashes. They can happen randomly, but mostly when I rushed with katana and would get blown up. Anyway, save often!A more serious issue with this release got to be circular ground mines in Twin Dragon expansion. In original they would lay on ground, emitting a beeping sound like sticky bombs. When you come close to them, they will first rise into ground and then explode hard after few seconds, so you have to get into range to activate it and then run away. Sadly, mines are glitched in Classic Redux, they are actually sank into ground, so you can't see them, but painful explosion still happens over ground. If you hear bomb beeping nearby - save and get ready to do some blind work.The setting is awesome, while plot is non-existant. You are Lo Wang, an asian pervy old fart, who is Shadow Warrior by the way. Which makes you think that he is a stealth master, but in reality he likes nuclear weapons. He worked for Master Zilla as a bodyguard, until Lo finds out that Zilla's corporations goes as low as using demons to do dirty work, and his code of honor does not approve that. Zilla doesn't want some Wang this way either.So you go around in either villages, temples or even cities and wreck mutants and monsters up. While meeting anime girls randomly. Hm, just like tentacled womans in Duke Nukem 3D, but most of them think that Lo Wang should just go away. They should have released a collab FPS title so we could get tentacled anime babes.The game is a lot like Duke Nukem, though it doesn't have as much of city levels. But they are still gimmicky and overdetailed. Like, you can play Panchinko machines. Kinda. Or punch training equpment to regenerate your health without limit like a Shadow Casual. One liners are still funny, though ""ancient Chinese secret"" pops up too much. There are more cool stuff in it too, like more useful items that include ""grenades"", though only Gas one is for throwing. Some weapons have few modes which you can change with alt-fire. You can even use occasional vehicle, even though they are rare and kinda suck and have horrible collision.Actually, when I played this last time seriously times ago, I didn't like it so much. It wasn't fun, it seemed like game had too much punishing hitscan. Now I beat this game and had no issue for some reason, it was enjoyable a lot. Strange. Maybe that's because before that I played on Hard (3th skill), while now I played on Normal (2nd skill), maybe the gap between these two is huge. Then again, hard hitscan enemies are always awful idea. Or maybe the mouselook and WASD of Classic Redux made it easier than doing it on keyboard-only of original DOS. Or maybe I just learned that some 90s FPS aren't as awesome as Doom and you have to often retreat and use indirect ways to fight, instead of circle-strafing into every encounter. And if you ever meet Shadow ninja, then you are supposed to immeditly retreat, unless you want to get one-hit-killed.I mean, you got a Grenade Launcher in this game. In other FPS it's like Rocket Launcher but worse, with arcing grenades. You usually can hit things around corner only if you measure accurately and usually you are just a fool when you can just shoot into face. Not in Shadow Warrior! This bloody thing here has a freaking nuclear radius of explosions. What it means is that it's actually useful to clean rooms around corners, while you don't want to use it to fight face-to-face, as it's weaker than rocket and easily hits you too. Actually, it might be way too good, ammo could be less common.I really suggest you to check out Steam Guide of Quick Tips by Joseph Hicks, it really is a good one.And yea, there are also some strange balance and choices, like railgun doesn't have much use and it annoyes me that it shoots misaligned compared to crosshair. Katana is a fun melee weapon that at least instakills most common ninjas. You still look like a fool when swinging it over tougher enemies. Hmmmm, this game would have been better if it had cheesy colorful human ninjas from American stuff instead of mutant-ninjas.As for Classic Redux, well, this update comes with some cool stuff, mostly modern controls, widescreen support, renderer and Steam Integration so you can just use Steam Workshop! If you don't like it, DOSBox-supported original is also included.It has a bunch of interesting stuff done in it. Main theme was remixed, though I prefer original. Weapon graphics were tweaked a bit so it doesn't look weird on widescreen, like katana was made longer by looping parts of it. It sure looks better!You can even change if you want shurikens or darts graphics for the second weapon you have. That's because the British version of original game was censored and had darts instead. I would say that darts make more sense in this case as the weapon feels very weak. Well, aside from part where they ricochet off walls. Don't tell me about ""it's not bad weapon as you can recover them off walls"", the game has problems with vertically when it comes to ""use"" action, so it's weird and hard to get them all back.Sadly, some cheats don't work. Mostly level select one. Aw.As you expect, like all full versions of a game, it comes with two episodes: Shareware episode ""Enter The Wang"" made of 4 levels and Full-Game-only ""Code of Honor"" made of around 18 levels. Shareware episodes uses full version's CD Music instead of MIDI, but the only thing you miss is that one track sounded like nothing in registered version. Heh, you can notice how those Shareware levels were much better than Registered ones. Some probably were dissapoint after purchasing game. First half of Code of Honor isn't particulary hot.It also comes with both expansion pack. Both were released for free due to being kinda considered abandoned by that time. Or just too late for party. They were being developed by other companies and publisher didn't feel like investing more, or something.Twin Dragon was released in 1997. It kinda had half good levels like Lo Wang's house and fish village, and half of generic levels, like those sewer mazes. Some guess that it wasn't complete release, as there is no new soundtrack like promised. Also, final boss, who is reskin, spamming ""there can be only one"".Wanton Destruction was found in 2005. It's really all good stuff, it even reskinned most enemies into humans. Recommended, mhm.They say that they found materials of Deadly Kiss, the third expansion out of three, that was considered being lost. Maybe we will get it some day.And heck, at least this game has awesome boss fight music, unlike Duke Nukem 3D who is a sissy. And Lo Want no sissy! Most of arcade or old gamers know that this is the most important element of any game.In the end, outside of some glitches which aren't ruining whole game, it's a pretty good redux of a decent game. Pretty fun. At least on Normal, since it abuses hitscan a bit too much at times for 90s shooter. Even though it didn't bring multiplayer, but these are single-player focused games after all, multiplayer was just for fooling around. Big levels full of secrets ahead!"
76561198121573185,Recommended,225160,22394569,"Posted: 13 April, 2016",all,Poney de Nuit,Fun ! It's a good classic fps with a lot of easter eggs !
,Recommended,225160,17075545,"Posted: 16 July, 2015",all,Carrot <3 Sexy Time !,"This was good, beautiful graphics (joke) it's a game from 1997.Much the same feel like Duke Nukem 3D.With very wrong 1 liners and classic 90s gameplay.It's still worth buying, doh do it on sale."
76561198072826923,Recommended,225160,29319514,Posted: 17 January,all,KOS-MOS,Still Better than Call Of Duty.
76561198067397190,Recommended,225160,32552167,Posted: 18 June,all,Eap123,It makes anime look cool.
,Recommended,225160,29053297,Posted: 5 January,all,(VSS) کÞλЯkž™,"exactly how i remembered it back in the day , Its ♥♥♥♥ing amazing"
,Recommended,225160,17787238,"Posted: 29 August, 2015",all,AntiVVeaboo,bring back yov to ARCADE ERAdon't forget to bvy the DVKE NVKEM series too haha
76561198084396126,Recommended,225160,14582389,"Posted: 21 February, 2015",all,✪Eternal,gud
,Recommended,225160,17009805,"Posted: 12 July, 2015",all,henno,BonzZAIII
,Recommended,225160,12751825,"Posted: 2 November, 2014",all,Cpt. Moist Panties,"Duke Nukem has better music, this has better everything else.To be fair, Duke had some cool space levels at the end, and fighting the last boss in a football field was pretty cool. But I was never fond of those grand canyon levels.It's a shame Shadow Warrior never caught on as much as the Duke. Sure, Duke is a funny American action movie parody, but Wang has a lot of potential for poking as much humor at a culture as Duke. Plus, Shadow Warrior is arguably a better game anyway. It's also a much, much, much longer game (there's a joke in there about length and a Chinese guy beating out Duke). You really get your moneys worth out of this; 'Wanton Destruction' has some really awesome level design, 'Twin Dragons' is alright, but forgettable.I'm gonna keep this short: if you like old-school 90's shooters like Doom and Duke Nukem, this one's right up your alley."
,Recommended,225160,24045766,"Posted: 3 July, 2016",all,David0vić,"Shadow warriors humor and style is what makes it stand out from other first person shooters from the 90’s. Very similar to Duke nukem 3D to the point where it feels like an expansion to duke nukem with a different theme but it does enough to feel like its own thing. Even though the gameplay is almost identical to Duke nukem, your weapons like the katana and dual wielding uzi’s are fun to use and are different. It has the same key collecting objectives in a maze like level design which I always felt that doom 1 and 2 did a lot better than 3d realms mainly because I always found the level design in doom much more clever and interesting. In shadow warrior specifically the keys are mostly hidden in very obscure locations that are hard to find which doesn’t make it fun to look for them and there were multiple situations where I had to look up online where a certain key was to progress and when I found out where it was located I always had a reaction of ‘How the ♥♥♥♥ was I supposed to know that?’. That was my main issue with the game and also it doesn’t do enough of its own thing to feel like a different experience from duke nukem 3d which I have spent a dozen hours playing and then jumping onto shadow warrior I felt like I was playing more of duke nukem (which I was already tired of playing after 10 hours) with a different skin so there was some fatigue there. But the different theme was enough to feel like it’s own IP even though gameplay wise it didn’t do much to differentiate itself from duke nukem.6/10 (Decent)"
76561198038828453,Recommended,225160,4545687,"Posted: 10 July, 2013",all,ChristerDoo,"Aaaaah..... sweet memories. Takes me back to 1997 in such a good way. The game was superb in its day - great action and low-brow humour of the best sort. Now it plays as smoothly as we all wish it would have back in the day. Control is tight and responsive, crude humour is still intact. Visuals look GREAT in comparison to the originals. What are you waiting for? Go play this ! And remember... pain is for the weak !"
,Recommended,225160,11067,"Posted: 8 July, 2013",all,Toyoch,NINJA KNOWS NO FEAR
76561198057972142,Recommended,225160,18125322,"Posted: 20 September, 2015",all,damzeh,"You have probably already played a similar game to this if you grew up in the 1990s or early 2000s. There's Duke Nukem, Power Slave, Doom, Blood and finally Shadow Warrior.The mechanics between each game are pretty similar: a somewhat interesting protagonist armed to the teeth is confronted by hordes of things determined to slaughter him as he searches large, sprawling levels for keys to progress only hindered now and then by the occasional boss. That sentence could have described any of those games.I have played all these games to certain degrees but Shadow Warrior is on the better side. It's heavily Asian themed, chock-full of stereotypes and tropes of older Asian/ninja action films. The protagonist, Lo Wang, is honestly more enjoyable to play as than even Duke Nukem so there's that.This game is a redux which means it's suited for modern computers. In that regard it does its job with only a few new changes here and there (better OST, smoother graphics) but it's still the same game basically.I would recommend this to fans of the early 1990s shooters. If you like them you will like this. If you're new to them it is a hit or miss."
,Recommended,225160,17747377,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Dahrwartahd,"From the creators of beloved game Duke Nukem 3d comes this tongue and cheek take down of crappy kung fu movies of the 70s ... Shadow Warrior! It has goofy late nineties rascism, which the developers ensure us was meant in jest, but the gameplay is fun and overall quite entertaining.  If you like Duke, You'll love Lo Wang!7 out of 10.Oh, My dingy is hanging out! - Lo Wang"
76561198155960443,Recommended,225160,19701685,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Scorch__620,"""Hory Cow..."""
76561198052636113,Recommended,225160,22310814,"Posted: 8 April, 2016",all,Alex,"Recommended for fans of Duke Nukem 3D and its Build engine. If you were a fan of Blood, this game lacks of weapon precision plus enemy movement smoothness. Better than DN but worst than Blood, which made a far better use of Ken Silverman's Build.The character is indeed the american-asian version of Duke. With a mouth full of cliches, being himself one. It's a fast paced game as were all shooters for the era. The level design is good and not repetitive, but unfortunatelly the enemy movement is not smooth and the precision isn't any better either, so until you have a good control of the keys you'll be shooting to the walls even if the enemies are 3 meters away and moving perpendicular to your sight. Explosive kamikazes round the corner can be exasperating too, forcing you to reload after being killed by a type of enemy that, well, shouldn't exist.Apart of these two bad things all other are positive: Agile game with beautiful levels, challenge everywhere, humour, a good tactical experience (but only from afar) with well settled enemies that will hide when possible, conventional and exotic weapons, tons of secrets and huge final bosses. The two expansions kept the same freshness and fit very well, giving the whole product integrity. The experience won't be ruined by unbalanced changes. After ending the main pack if you liked Shadow Warrior so far, you won't leave Wanton Destruction or Twin Dragon unfinished.If you liked DN, you have to try this one. If you enjoyed Blood the flaws on Shadow Warrior will be evident, but will be still enjoyable. It could be better with slight changes, but overall is a decent game which was even better in the time. The openGL does its job by adding the real mouselook, so you don't need to rely on autoaim.7/10"
,Recommended,225160,3725383,"Posted: 17 August, 2013",all,Woudo,"It's like Doom, except everyone is a cyberdemon and rockets have three times the splash radius."
,Recommended,225160,29770044,Posted: 7 February,all,zsec,"I played this back when it first came out. There isn't really much more to say besides, I Wanged it and it was good."
,Recommended,225160,29267723,Posted: 15 January,all,Doomguy,"You're telling me you don't want some wang? What're you, gay?"
76561198134144088,Recommended,225160,22818719,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,DatBoiJames 傑姆斯戰士,"Doom-style game with a katana and japanese culture. Lo Wang is kind of annoying if you have problems with chinese stereotypes though, like me. But seriously don't mind that black spot in the center of the white (Yin & Yang reference)."
76561198016860374,Recommended,225160,3065462,"Posted: 9 August, 2013",all,Ran The Kitsune,Think if Duke Nukem had a japanese brother who knew how to kick♥♥♥♥♥ This is a fun and funny game
,Not Recommended,225160,26007874,"Posted: 12 October, 2016",all,eXcruciate,"Has the worst, most horrific, unfixable vsync stuttering I have ever seen and I've been pc gaming since 1997. The vsync stuttering is so bad that I actually would rather it have issues with crashing instead because at least with crashing there would be a chance of fixing it. Most games that have stuttering can't be fixed and this game is no exception. It is sickeningly bad and since it's a engine coding problem it can't be fixed. This came out around the same time as Duke Nukem 3D Megaton edition which runs just fine and it uses basically the same game engine and was made by the same company. For whatever reason they coded this game really poorly. Until now I've never entertained the thought of writing to steam to ask them to remove a game from my library which yes you can actually do that. Just looking at this waste of $10 sitting in my library makes me physically ill. The 7.5 hours I have in it are from spending hours trying to fix it and also from leaving it idle a couple times. I've never actually been able to play it because the extreme vsync stuttering makes it unplayable.0/10 why does it have 82% positive review status on steam? Because most steam users are deer-in-the-headlights idiots that's why.""Do you recommend this game?""Yes or No... why can't there be a ""Not If My Mother ♥♥♥♥ing Life Depended On It"" button?"
76561198127568199,Recommended,225160,16308625,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Disapproval,A ninja knows no fear
,Recommended,225160,15771192,"Posted: 10 May, 2015",all,FatalScriptError ^v^,An ancient Chinese secret.
76561198055693421,Recommended,225160,32279956,Posted: 8 June,all,Dross,Classic shooter.  Hilarious protagonist dialog.  Think 'Asian Duke Nukem' and you have:  TAH-DAH~ 'Shadow Warrior'!
76561198048765377,Recommended,225160,32474193,Posted: 16 June,all,Klaus Moeller,well made. It is good that you don't need to play without cheat codes in order to get achiments. Some other games should follow this example
,Recommended,225160,16677097,"Posted: 24 June, 2015",all,Richard Kickem,"""Who wanta some wang?"" if you do, play this game. Old school FPS acion at it's finest!"
76561197989773267,Recommended,225160,7450136,"Posted: 22 October, 2013",all,Freeman 2.0,Duke Nukem 3D a la oriental. Casi nada.
,Recommended,225160,22670581,"Posted: 27 April, 2016",all,Asbjørn Notis,"In order to properly describe my experience with this game, I'll quote Nicolas Cage's character from The Wicker Man:""OH, NO! NOT THE BEES! NOT THE BEES! AAAAAHHHHH! OH, THEY'RE IN MY EYES! MY EYES! AAAAHHHHH! AAAAAGGHHH!""Also, Vsync is broken and makes the mouse motions less fluid - this thing must be American-made.Also, the fortune cookies are right: you are never going to score.Overall, Wang/10, buy now."
,Recommended,225160,33678245,Posted: 20 July,all,Secret Plot: Deep Inside,"20 years later and I still don't have the skills to go far in this game, 10/10"
,Recommended,225160,29880334,Posted: 12 February,all,⛧God Of Sadness⛧,azn rampage
,Recommended,225160,8633063,"Posted: 9 January, 2014",all,Littlefoot,"Now i've played the game again in months, and now i actually think it's pretty good.As it's orginally a game released in the 90's, you can't really expect HD graphics. However, for their time, i have to say they look pretty good.The gameplay is solid and fun, though i have to say some of the secrets can be hard to find at times.The music is great and entertaining.And it has trading cards. :)I recommend it. 8/10"
76561198136415470,Recommended,225160,19590763,"Posted: 9 December, 2015",all,chris_clash,ProsWell pland level designeFast pacedYou can flush a toiletAnd pisss women off so they shoot ugreat fun great humor who wants some wang gets me every time and fortune cookies are funny like guy who farts in church sits in own pew lmaoAll in all great fun and u can play a free version and theres user made levels so lots of replay valueOr u can be cheap and pay nothing  for a smaller less plesurable wang experiance n get the free version but you dont get workshop n enhanced graphics etcOnly down is no multiplayer like duke3d as id like to battle my wang against other wangs hahaha get itBut no multiplayer sucks
,Recommended,225160,7936923,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,✨｡･,classic
,Recommended,225160,32905541,Posted: 27 June,all,✪ Dudo,Good DOS game I own on CD-ROM. I like the girl in the waterfall.
,Recommended,225160,178263,"Posted: 20 September, 2013",all,Phoenix,"If you've never played Shadow Warrior, you've missed out on a great game.  You play as Lo Wang, Shadow Warrior assassin.  Betrayed by your former employer you're out for vengeance.  Where Duke Nukem is a♥♥♥♥♥♥sure action hero parody, Lo Wang is a dirty old man with even more one-liners than Duke, and he's much more entertaining.  Plus, it has rabbits.  Who doesn't like bunnies?As for the game itself, at it's core it's Duke Nukem 3D gone East, so expect the same Build-Engine graphics and sprite-based enemies.  You have your standard gun-toting cannon fodder enemies, and instead of aliens you have supernatural foes from Eastern folklore.  Weapons range from bare fists, katana, shuriken, up to magic weapons such as the guardian head and ripper heart, and high explosives up to and including tactical nuclear missiles!  There are nifty items such as the portable health kit, a smoke bomb to make you invisible, caltrops to stagger and wound your enemies, a very useful gas grenade that slowly chokes them to death, among others.What's great about Shadow Warrior Classic Redux as compared to the free Shadow Warrior Classic is you get the original game ported over to Windows as well as the two mission packs that were never available commercially... one of which was thought to be gone forever until someone found an archive of it.  You have control over FOV, frame rate, vsync, old-style pixelation vs smoothed over textures, and the ease of a native Windows build instead of having to run from Dosbox.  The sound track is an excellent eastern flavor, and unlike the old DOS version it plays from the hard drive.  No CD audio required.  If you like classic run-and-gun shooters this is a must have."
76561198075886206,Recommended,225160,7948849,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,jalapenojon,"The games of the 1990's such as Shadow Warrior and Duke Nukem 3D didn't age too well graphically but there's always modifications of the graphics and they replaced the women with anime women which was a nice touch.  You also get the original 1997 game as part of this Classic Redux.  The only downside is that it's a pain to figure out how to map the game to a XBox 360 gamepad but you still can make changes to the keyboard and mouse setting which is still pretty good.  I would certainly want to see more old school FPS games such as Duke Nukem, Shadow Warrior, Doom, Wolfstein, etc.  I'm definetly buying the new Shadow Warrior game once I get my PC built."
76561198113014119,Recommended,225160,20603419,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,Shadow Ops,"Shadow Warrior Classic Reduxfast game with modern day graphics with easy controls that moves from location A to B to C and so on,good amount of action and special effectsgood game.Shadow Warrior Classicfast game with modern day graphics with easy controls that moves from location A to B to C and so on,good amount of action and special effectsgood game.Shadow Warrior: Wanton Destructionfast game with modern day graphics with easy controls that moves from location A to B to C and so on,good amount of action and special effectsgood game.Shadow Warrior: Twin Dragonfast game with modern day graphics with easy controls that moves from location A to B to C and so on,good amount of action and special effectsgood game."
,Recommended,225160,29160601,Posted: 10 January,all,America Has A Problem #LasVegas,"This is a better launch than when the game came out 19 years ago.This is probably the best remastering of an old game that I've ever played. It's up there next to the PC remastered ports of the early Final Fantasy games.You're essentially the lethal mistake of Duke Nukem and Bruce Lee having a one night stand.Enter Lo Wang, the Chinese demigod with balls of steel and a dyck longer than the sword he wields.And nothing is more satisfying than cutting a Zilla in half while hearing the protagonist quip:""OOOhhh, you-a have-a sprita personarity...""Remember the waiters from A Christmas Story who try to sing ""Jingle Bells"" to Ralphie's family while they eat the duck dinner at the Chinese restaurant? That's Lo Wang in a nutshell.You gotta play this game. If you don't, Lo Wang will ♥♥♥♥ your girlfriend.10/10 would-a sprit-a bad-a-guy-a in haf again"
,Recommended,225160,26035648,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,Godspeed,If you like Old Shadow Warrior you will love this.
76561197994287202,Recommended,225160,9679503,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,GuardianSpooker,You want Wang? You got Wang. This game won't dissappoint you.
,Recommended,225160,7744545,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Schiz0id,better than DUKE in every aspect. buy and be rewarded.
,Recommended,225160,293019,"Posted: 11 July, 2013",all,Leinad Reign,"A classic game! Wang don't need a explanation!If you like old-style shooter games, this is one of the best! Action, humor, a bit violence (in a cartoony way) and a good difficulty are the stuff of games from the past."
,Recommended,225160,12135039,"Posted: 17 September, 2014",all,GodLikeDan,"I bought this game in a bundle with Duke Nukem 3D.It was SO worth it.Please guys if you're reading this review BUY THIS GAME! Its great!I love playing this game its so fun you get to kill things! Also you get to kill things! Did I mention kill things? Oh, and with a sword or a uzi. Who doesn't love that?9/10 is what I'd rate it because I LOVE IT!"
,Recommended,225160,7998542,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Infernal Machine ☠,"I like Sword, that's a personal weapon."
,Recommended,225160,22948919,"Posted: 12 May, 2016",all,Artyom Havok,Whooooooo wannta some Wang!?
76561197970515543,Recommended,225160,8837215,"Posted: 24 January, 2014",all,Winonaa,"If you love FPS classics, well it dont get much better than this! A true gem!"
,Recommended,225160,17600273,"Posted: 18 August, 2015",all,SuperAyzeek,Super!
,Recommended,225160,8061321,"Posted: 15 December, 2013",all,Furious Imbecile [FIN],"Just got to know this game and its friggin hilarious. This katana swinging, shuriken throwing, rocket launching old ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ has just the most insane jokes and random catchphrases that you'll love to hear when shooting, slicing or exploding somebody up in this crazy game."
76561198101792839,Recommended,225160,12876018,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,Fazbear,"I really enjoy playing Shadow Warrior, my only gripe is not knowing where to go half the time."
76561198040469947,Recommended,225160,11765104,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Clenchingowl31,Do you want to wash wang? Or do you want to watch Wang wash wang?
76561197993848840,Recommended,225160,9094965,"Posted: 13 February, 2014",all,Rachsmo,Great for Duke Nukem fans!
,Recommended,225160,17806657,"Posted: 30 August, 2015",all,Shlongadactyl,s'ok
76561198017482176,Recommended,225160,17748110,"Posted: 27 August, 2015",all,Mama Luigi,"""So would you like to wash wang, or would you like to watch Wang wash wang?"""
76561198025609238,Recommended,225160,17842944,"Posted: 2 September, 2015",all,Si,Who wants some wang?
,Recommended,225160,12141770,"Posted: 18 September, 2014",all,Vistyk,Im Not Gonna Talk About One Of Thees 2 Magical Games But I Will Talk About Both Of Them (Duke Nukem 3D and Shadow Warrior Bundle) The Graphic Is Kinda Not So Cool Because In This Time The Lara Croft Was Fully 3D And This Is A Deal Duke Nukem Is Amazing Game I Love It Grafics Are Decent And Gameplay Is Good.    8/10 JashaOnAssalut (CZ)
,Recommended,225160,31559147,Posted: 5 May,all,Bounzosm,"Shadow Warrior has a good challenge for any hardcore fps fan. Beating every chapter of the game in ""No pain No Gain"" is not easy. But i have beaten the game in that difficulty lol."
,Recommended,225160,12909634,"Posted: 12 November, 2014",all,Aseliot,"Mh, taste like a chicken."
,Recommended,225160,17575412,"Posted: 16 August, 2015",all,InVader,"I played the 2013 version first then came back to this game. It was very much worth it. It lived up to it's reputation (although it didn't really have any). I'd say the 2013 version is better because Lo Wang has a better character. + there's Hoji. This is still a great game though.It's suprising that this game doesn't have the same amount of hype Duke 3D has though. Even though this game is Duke 3D's little brother, it's miles better than that game. Although that may be because I didn't like Duke 3D. If you ask me, that's one of the most overrated games ever made. It has nothing going for it except the character itself. Duke's level of profanity is something else (although this Shadow Warrior also has a lot of kinky jokes).The fun thing about this game is that it gives you lots of powerful weapons, which you get to use very frequently. E.g. you get to use the rocket launcher particularly lot. It's not just something you save for bossfights. But even the simpler weapons, like the shurikens and the sword remain highly useful until the very end of the game and it's a lot of fun to use themThe one I used the least is probably the sticky bombs, because those are a bit of a hassle (enemies might get close to you by the time they explode). Then there's fun stuff, like shooting fireballs from a severed demon head, Ripper heart which creates op clones of yourself AND AN ACTUAL F*CKING NUKE!I also played through the Twin Dragon expansion. It was worth it. That expansion had lots of interesting maps, although the final battle was a bit... anti-climatic (remember Doom 2's original final boss level? yeah kinda like that).There are even anime references in it (Slayers, Sailor Moon). Then there' stuff from warious movies and games (like Mortal Kombat and Lara Croft)Oh and the invisible ninjas are the best enemies ever invented. Not too tanky, but stacked with damage. They have insanely powerful fireball spells, which usually insta-kill. Sounds OP, but this creates great high-tension clutch play moments and the game gives you similarly op tools to kill them. When you encounter this ninja, I just get this adrenaline rush that a lot of games fail to give me these days. This is how monster design is done! ""If everything is op, nothing is op!""Buy this instead of Duke 3D. Much more worth it."
,Recommended,225160,11328885,"Posted: 19 July, 2014",all,Jason Dixon UGR,https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=D1U_e-n7laA
76561197979961681,Recommended,225160,22058799,"Posted: 26 March, 2016",all,HexeR,"Vehicles, melee combat, a high-tech and also bizarre arsenal, all with an oriental twist. It's Shadow Warrior.  Made shortly after Duke Nukem 3D, the develoeprs wanted to test themselves not only with increasing the tech of their previous game, but the gameplay as well.  It shows, as you have a vast amount of new options and items to utilize, alternative fire modes for a wide variety of weapons, and enemy AI that's brutal and will test your capabilities.  That's not to say that the level design isn't excellent, which it is.  You can definitely see that Shadow Warrior has a much more refined level design.  While in Duke Nukem the levels kind of merged together, they often felt disjointed and didn't blend very well with parts of each-other.  Not here.  It seems 3D Realms learned from their experience, and you seamlessly go from apartment building, to china-town streets, to subway terminal, to subway line.What's most impressive isn't just how well the levels blend together, but the very interesting ways in which it keeps levels interesting and fresh with platforming, trap-dodging, slick gun-fu/melee combat, and using items strategically within maps.  Definitely worth a purchase."
,Recommended,225160,32202960,Posted: 5 June,all,Zockerx96,"Very overrated classic. From an objective point of view not really a bad game, it's just I don't like it.Go play Duke Nukem 3D or the remake instead."
,Recommended,225160,25823801,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Sterben Geist,"Got suck at level 2 since I dont have an idea on how to submerge in water.FInally learns how to submerge in water by crouching.SUBMERGES IN EVERY WATER I SEE.2 levels later, I emerged on a secret location.THIS IS THE KILLER BUNNY CAVE IN MONTY PHYTON!!Wang : ""Thats no ordinaybunny""10/10 Wang knows"
,Recommended,225160,25807375,"Posted: 1 October, 2016",all,Sjorspion,'Want some Wang?' Hell yeah!
,Recommended,225160,23795730,"Posted: 25 June, 2016",all,MetalHead,Who wants some Wang?
,Recommended,225160,23731009,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Lord Sabrewulf,"Who wants some wang?  You want some wang!Nobody else is allowed to have wang.A great game that brings back fond memories of firing rocket propelled rabbits at my enemies, covering everything in copious amounts of (it use to have a cute face with long ears) blood.  'swtrix' for bunny blood gushing fun :D"
,Recommended,225160,31191175,Posted: 16 April,all,Raticate拉达(BUSY),"Genji, do not call him GRANDPA?"
76561198063803819,Recommended,225160,23214274,"Posted: 26 May, 2016",all,A gᅇd ﬆe㏂ ㎁me,"The classic 1997 Shadow Warrior game featuring Lo Wang has been reworked with the Devolver style. Along with the original gameplay, it features 2 brand new expansions that add several more hours of action. I found no bugs, crashes or issues other than some of the cheats not working properly and would definitely recommend it if you like nostalgia, old FPS's, action or if you are a fan of the original.Also, one can pick it up for $0.99 USD on sale so it never hurts to wait until one comes around :)"
76561198294744762,Recommended,225160,25339620,"Posted: 3 September, 2016",all,GonzoElGringo,"Fun to play, kinda hard to find the right path to go to when progress is made, really hard to master with a controller with everything going so fast... yup I found the feeling evveryone had when they were playing this in the 90's"
76561198146387514,Recommended,225160,25611860,"Posted: 20 September, 2016",all,ToastyPizza,"who wants some WANG!!!!!!! you, then play this game!!!"
,Recommended,225160,26155674,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,the Save Chicken,"OK Shadow Warrior is one of my favorite games i played as a kid, so i definitely put in more hours shown. I always loved the blunt racism, sexism, and attitude, like Duke Nukem 3d, and of course the gameplay and level design are top notch :) I highly recommend this game to anyone who likes the classic FPS games like Doom, Quake, Duke3D, and Blood. 5/5"
,Recommended,225160,25688797,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,DJ Bluntz™,"Duke Nukem 3D but with swords, samurai, kunai, and spells."
,Recommended,225160,26147549,"Posted: 21 October, 2016",all,Itsu,Great level design and lots of cheese
,Recommended,225160,32158882,Posted: 3 June,all,BlockGrylls,yes
,Recommended,225160,33009682,Posted: 29 June,all,T_bus,YOU NO MESS WITH LO WANG!
76561198028815363,Recommended,225160,32971119,Posted: 28 June,all,cpt_caveman25,FINALY I CAN PLAY THIS GAME AGAIN
,Recommended,225160,32927956,Posted: 28 June,all,Kdlortz,its very good but hard AF
,Recommended,225160,12185693,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Ryan Dorkoski,Oh man I played this for hours and hours when I was younger. Great multiplayer. Great humor. Awesome violence. This is purely a throwback to the good-old-days.I would not recommend this purchase unless you are revisiting your past.
76561198056842200,Recommended,225160,29795368,Posted: 8 February,all,Nekouda,hwaa chop clow ping tong
76561198167796902,Recommended,225160,29838907,Posted: 10 February,all,F  R  I  G  O,You no mess with Lo Wang
,Recommended,225160,26546321,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,[BoB] R3NOI,"super jeu !le jeu retro bien comme je les aimes, un ninja warrior alors c'est le combo parfait !je recommande car il est super avec tout ses petites pièces secretes, et ses graphismes,..."
,Recommended,225160,18949248,"Posted: 8 November, 2015",all,Lars,"No man is island, except Lo Wang."
,Recommended,225160,26524463,"Posted: 10 November, 2016",all,Poofie Love bird,"Probably the best re-make on steam, because it does not RE-MAke anything. They just improve the Hardware support, and make so the HUD is not all grainy, and pixelated.They added Controller support, and the OpenGL is really smooth compared to it's dosBox cousin.Totally worth the $2.00, you get 4 games, and a kick♥♥♥♥♥soundtrack."
,Recommended,225160,11483607,"Posted: 30 July, 2014",all,The Walking Holocaust,Alright i just Read the negitive comments and these filthy casuals dont understand how amazing and ♥♥♥♥ing awesome this game is. its a childhood memory to a lot of us. but this game is funny and fluid ammount of action. its not sexist or whatever people keep saying its just mother ♥♥♥♥in Lo wang what more reason do you need for this game? if not go back to playing cod you filthy subhuman casuals
,Recommended,225160,28550200,"Posted: 22 December, 2016",all,Taco_Grindr,So underated back in the day and still great today.
,Recommended,225160,19635887,"Posted: 11 December, 2015",all,Chemical Taint,"Same original fast action and ridiculous humor, now with updated graphics and audio. One of 3D Realms' best!The Classic Redux comes with the Wanton Destruction and Twin Dragon expansions which add more ""puzzle"" type structure to the levels but are still fun to race through.Another great thing about the old FPS games are cheats! Recent updates have disabled a few of the cheats for Shadow Warrior but most are stil intact, adding a great bit of replay value!"
,Recommended,225160,7455429,"Posted: 23 October, 2013",all,PaulDoymin,7/10
76561198072048937,Recommended,225160,15071510,"Posted: 27 March, 2015",all,xxbobdabuilderxx,"If you don't like this game, then you're too young to play it. Come back when you hit puberty, then you'll understand."
76561198031771782,Recommended,225160,4083028,"Posted: 9 August, 2013",all,Sephiroth,"Really fun game to play, has unique weapons, great environments, good music and lots of topical humour of the 90's. If you like Duke Nukem you should and will like this seeing as its made by 3D Realms. It uses a newer engine than Duke which makes it very smooth and not as rough round the edges. Its cheap, GET IT!!!!!!"
,Recommended,225160,18175775,"Posted: 24 September, 2015",all,R-B-A [BFTUK],Very good game!
,Recommended,225160,10742034,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,Slayer Jim,"Masterpiece, this is a 100% accurate representation of Japanese culture."
,Recommended,225160,22176100,"Posted: 1 April, 2016",all,DirtyJews,"I recently got this game on sale for a dollar, it's such a fun game! If you like Duke Nukem, you'll enjoy this! It includes: The original DOS game, Redux Version and 2 expansion packs. Worth. Every. Penny. Great Comedic Dialogue, Levels and Weapons.FEEL THE WANG INSIDE YOU"
76561198285489688,Recommended,225160,22277242,"Posted: 6 April, 2016",all,drunkman113,good game
,Recommended,225160,1460156,"Posted: 10 July, 2013",all,J o n e x,"Unfortunately I never played the original Shadow Warrior but this Redux has been so much fun so far. The humour, the violence, the easter eggs, it’s all been worth the money.The original 1997 version was made by the same developers as Duke Nukem 3D, 3D Realms. So there are many similarities in terms of gameplay. I have to say though, I much rather prefer Shadow Warrior Redux over the recently released Duke Nukem 3D Megaton edition. Both were re-published by Devolver Digital but the gameplay is more addictive and the enemies are more interesting. I might have not played this game when I was a kid, but I still have this sense of nostalgia while playing.The inclusion of the original campaign and the two expansion packs means there are plenty of hours to be had out of this game. They’ve even included a user maps section so there will most likely be even more content in the future. The game options, main menu, and in game HUD have all been updated. Now you set your FOV, select an HD resolution, and make various other tweaks to the gameplay.It’s a worthy re-release of a clearly popular game and I definitely recommend anyone who grew up playing similar games to take a look at this."
,Recommended,225160,25817723,"Posted: 2 October, 2016",all,Lake333GLD,"A true classic Shadow Warror for modern PC. Great!Please. note, game is very hard core."
76561198086708562,Recommended,225160,7665867,"Posted: 15 November, 2013",all,lord-armand,...aus der gleichen Schmiede wie Duke Nukem und Doom.Auch auf dem Index gelandet und nun endlich wieder erhältlich...!!!I  LOVE  IT
,Recommended,225160,11751605,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,gavweb123,it was fun a bit of a challeng but fun personal rating 5/10
,Recommended,225160,17252686,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Acro,"Like Duke Nukem but with swords and Chinese stuff, which is coolio."
76561198077096715,Recommended,225160,6845257,"Posted: 10 July, 2013",all,CrashGameReviews,"Shadow Warrior Classic Redux is excellent for anyone who enjoyed Duke Nukem 3D or Blood or Redneck Rampage, It's a first person shooter kungfu action game with 9 unique bad♥♥♥♥♥weapons some with alternate firing modes. It's very much an old game and the Classic Redux improves on the graphics slightly. While playing this at times I felt a little motion sick but other times alright. I must warn you that this game is very hard, infact some levels are very maze like and each bad guy can easily kill you if youre not paying attention, Also save often, Back in the 90's these games didn't have auto save. It's alot of fun and excellent for anyone who loves the classic FPS's it's got great jokes, references to Kung-fu movies and tv shows and is really perverted at times, but also very gorey. It's great for anyone looking to go back in time and enjoy some older FPS's rather than the modern day run of the mill call of duty."
,Recommended,225160,8227784,"Posted: 23 December, 2013",all,Aaron,"In an age of easy, new-age shooters with short and linear levels, Shadow Warrior Classic is strangely refreshing. In stead of feeding you a seemingly infinite number of enemies coming down one corridor for you to take out with a variety of guns that do excactly the same thing, this gives you a maze loaded with secrets, various distinctly different enemies, inspired weapons and cheesy one-liners. Which is nice. But I can explain very easily what this game is, it's an old shooter. Everybody knows what those are like, they are mostly the same. I have to say that this game is a lot better than for example Doom or Duke Nukem, but those are the details. The point is that this is a 2D-sprite fighting action packed piece of handsome that just throws insanely hard mazes at you. No puzzles, no story, no ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t. Just Pure action. They focused their resources at making cool weapons and splendid levels, not expensive scripts or realistic CGI. Which also rules. But, it's old. Make sure you get it cheap, unless you really, really love old-school shooters."
,Recommended,225160,7965427,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Decoy Platypus,"Best classic game there was, I tell you what"
,Recommended,225160,7997219,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Jannenator,Very funny BUILD engine game with remastered music and graphics
,Recommended,225160,13115213,"Posted: 27 November, 2014",all,Feminine Beef,But♥♥♥♥♥♥ it was 99 cents!
76561198063118661,Recommended,225160,24985043,"Posted: 17 August, 2016",all,Inferno_Shogun,"Who wants some Wang? you will after realizing how awesome this game is, even if you are curious you can play the original game for free on the steam store which helps alot for new people to the series if they wanna buy."
,Recommended,225160,12107337,"Posted: 15 September, 2014",all,doot.,Five minutes well spent.
,Recommended,225160,26270460,"Posted: 28 October, 2016",all,2Joe,This game is nice and all but WHERE IS MY BLOOD CLASSIC REDUX DEVOLVER PLEASE
,Recommended,225160,16697833,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,Pumpkin Thief,"You no mess with Lo Wang!Ah, the 80's, when action movies had boobs in them, and Asian stereotypes were okay as long as they were in good spirit. Wait this was made in the 90's. Well anyway, if you want to run around killing demons with a samurai sword while hearing some silly one-liners, this is your game. Or you could play the remake. Or Devil May Cry."
,Recommended,225160,21232261,"Posted: 15 February, 2016",all,Genebris,Best shooter so far. And nice remaster.
,Recommended,225160,26302810,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,Warxa,"This is basically Duke Nukem 3D 2. While Duke Nukem parodied old action and horror movies, Shadow Warrior parodies martial art movies and asian culture."
,Recommended,225160,33714164,Posted: 21 July,all,🍌,лучше чем ремейк
76561198143386328,Recommended,225160,12847337,"Posted: 8 November, 2014",all,Faze Apex,this game is a blast from in the past play it good bye im done :(
,Recommended,225160,26337854,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,Riddlezz17,one of my all time favorite FPS from the 90's i can only hope we will get a 20th anniversary edition of this too!
,Recommended,225160,26291252,"Posted: 29 October, 2016",all,リンク,Classics are always the best. :')
76561197984520699,Recommended,225160,25196476,"Posted: 27 August, 2016",all,Walϟh,Everyone should get on this wang!
,Recommended,225160,21896124,"Posted: 17 March, 2016",all,Joskay,"I should buy more of ""classics with modern hud"" games..."
,Recommended,225160,33032525,Posted: 30 June,all,tOrN,classic lo wang
76561197968395460,Recommended,225160,21265544,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,JohnnyTheWolf,Duke Nukem's Lesser-Known Asian CousinPROS:+ The Katana+ Satisfying arsenal+ More interesting itemsCONS:- Far more difficult than Duke Nukem 3D- Overt racism and sexism
,Recommended,225160,28664900,"Posted: 26 December, 2016",all,m_indonesia,"old game but still hard play~ -,-"
,Recommended,225160,23244780,"Posted: 27 May, 2016",all,TeenJackBauer,8.5/10 TJBs
,Recommended,225160,26207251,"Posted: 24 October, 2016",all,Greasysweet1,"Pros:Runs at 60 fps on a potato.You get to use a very powerful melee weapon that can kill standard enemies in a single hit, and it's no novelty either. Lo Wang's katana viable throughout the entire game, and a sword only run is definitely possible.Fortune cookies.Every weapon is pretty useful in its own way. This is the type of game where the developers aren't afraid to give you some really crazy, potentially overpowered toys to play with. The missile launcher, for example, can fire a nuclear warhead with an enormous blast radius. The only weapon that seems completely outclassed is the shuriken, but it's by no means useless.Ancient Chinese Shecerets.Cons:Bees.Faster enemies hava a habit spastically running back and forth, which can make them near impossible to hit until they try to attack you. Can be very problematic with the shadow enemies that have one hit kill attacks.Feels a bit like trial and error at times, but the quicksave system mostly compensates for that."
,Recommended,225160,25497261,"Posted: 13 September, 2016",all,Usrnam,Good old friend
76561198109201911,Recommended,225160,25475025,"Posted: 11 September, 2016",all,ChronicMirth,A worthy Wang.
,Recommended,225160,8038864,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Pimpollo,Crazy good fun. Make sure to check out the awesome expansion (w.d.)
,Recommended,225160,12767057,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Manic Jorge,somone beet you wif ugry stick woman
76561197962060186,Recommended,225160,22818750,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,wiseau,It's good.
76561197995202357,Recommended,225160,26585925,"Posted: 13 November, 2016",all,CrashDefeat,I love this game.  Great to play.
,Recommended,225160,25693024,"Posted: 25 September, 2016",all,themicrowavesnameistimothy,Katana simulator 201612/10 Would use Katana again
76561198056186683,Recommended,225160,16712071,"Posted: 25 June, 2015",all,GuyOnAChair,Who wants some VINTAGE Wang? Not me that's gross! That's why I got the Redux version which other than having slightly wonky mouse controls is the best way to experience some Wang. This is no ordinary Wang!
,Recommended,225160,25222394,"Posted: 28 August, 2016",all,XxxWesleySnipesxxX,Kung fu and Automatic weapons. Its Dece (5/10)
76561197982577039,Recommended,225160,32215361,Posted: 6 June,all,Lufka,"""How's that for kung-fu fighting you chicken♥♥♥♥♥♥!"""
76561198289320064,Recommended,225160,22991121,"Posted: 14 May, 2016",all,Carl Johnson,"Lol I love Shadow Warrior, such a good game, if you look at those negative reviews that say bs like""It's coding is the worst."" or even""This game is too laggy."" don't believe it, i've only seen like 60/1,200 reviews that say bs like that, you should try the game before even trusting those fake reviews, you can so easily refund it if it doesn't work though but I'm sure it'll work, it's such a fun game give it a go!"
,Recommended,225160,22854540,"Posted: 7 May, 2016",all,Cleg,WANG !!!
,Recommended,225160,12183614,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,ActionPoohole,Heaps Wang Dong
,Recommended,225160,33030836,Posted: 30 June,all,Frogburt,W A N G
,Not Recommended,225160,24345494,"Posted: 15 July, 2016",all,Dr. Shitfaced,Hitscan. So much ♥♥♥♥ing hitscan.
,Not Recommended,225160,25834787,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,A.G.¥10,"Crashes upon level restart. Read the reviews before I bought (for a dollar), tested for 10 minutes before my first crash.with so many people complaining about this, it's pretty silly that they're calling this the ""definitive"" version of Shadow Warrior. Sorry, it's notm the free dosbox version plays better, and the files from that are all you need to play it in a better source port than is provided with this package. Devolver will have to do their job getting the game to run properly if they wanna be definitive. As it stands, I'd rather see various 3DRealms licenes in more capable hands.I'm watching this review to see if it gets purged, as I've read some complaints of that being done."
,Not Recommended,225160,25987623,"Posted: 11 October, 2016",all,awp,"Being a huge Duke3D fan, I wanted to like this game so much. Having an actual EFFECTIVE melee weapon instead of the Mighty Boot was refreshing. Combat was mostly solid; a lot of weapons felt niche or ineffective so weapon choice often came down to ""should I really waste SMG bullets on this?"" and the threat balance of enemy types was diverse in both good and bad ways.But...the level design was SO frustrating. I kept a guide handy while playing through this because far too often I would get stuck because it was too dark to see a keyhole, or the way forward was ""a ladder on the inside of a fireplace you had to go into, turn around, and jump up to reach"", or I had to shoot a cracked wall 12 times to proceed, rather than shooting it 3 times and assuming that wasn't what I was supposed to do because nothing was happening. Expect to spend a substantial amount of time wandering in circles looking for a key in a corner or a locked door hidden behind clutter while playing this.The final boss was neat, though"
76561198021664572,Not Recommended,225160,28839690,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,proci85,"TL;DR: Only if you like labyrinth fps games. It aged badly, much worse compared to Duke3D or Doom. Check first the Shadow Warrior Classic, if you like it, the Redux is definitively worth your money, possibly even for full price (and it's a steal on sale!). If you don't like the mechanics, then skip it.Long version:I did play with the original Shadow Warrior when it was fresh out on the market, I did even created some levels in it, because I liked the game that much (so, I have much-much more time with the game compared to what is displayed). It wasn't in general better than Duke3d at the time, but the enemy and weapon variety with the crazy Wang fun made the whole very enjoyable, even compared to Quake.I would also add that I bought Doom3 BFG edition to play with Doom1 and Doom2, and they are actually still as good as they were when they were released.Coming back to the Redux 20 years later was a letdown. The problem is the weapon mechanics and the level design. To begin with the level design, it is the worst kind of labyrinths, on the level of the first Wolf3d. Doom and Doom2 has some fetch the keycard quests, but crawling around in ventilator shafts just kills the mood for a fast paced fps. The immersion is broken all the time, because you need to look around and find the key to the door somewhere. Now, I have very little played time, but if you are spending more time trying to find a door in an old-school fps compared to shooting things, then that is an issue. Oh and there are some trolling moments, with scripted things hitting you which aren't really avoidable if you don't know that they are coming.The weapons are hitscans. Hitscan can work ok and less ok depending on the weapon design. In this case, there are too many enemies with hitscan weapons and getting hit cannot be avoided. Also, you will use hitscan weapons, because they will work better. Yes, for example Doom uses hitscan weapons too, but because of how the enemies are using their weapons, you have a chance to aviod them.If you want something from the same age, get Doom1/Doom2/Quake1, they are still fast paced, immersive and have much better game mechanics. Shadow Warrior Redux is an excellent port if you still like the old game as it is, but make sure to check the (free) Shadow Warrior Classic before, as it aged badly. If you did like it 20 years ago and want to have the same fun, Shadow Warrior (remake) is the way to go, it is an extremely well paced, fun game which has all the charm the first Shadow Warrior had once upon a time."
,Recommended,225160,24569658,"Posted: 27 July, 2016",all,cool shooting,fun to cheat in
,Not Recommended,225160,30339059,Posted: 5 March,all,kevlar Hare,"Totally unplayable on my system, the screen keeps adjusting resolution, minimising and un-minimising whenever I'm playing full screen.  If I try to play in winowed mode the game freezes before I can get into the actual game.I'm on a gaming laptop with GTX 850M GPU, intel i7 processor, 16GB of RAM, running on Windows 10, I would have thought that would be fine for a redux version of a 20+ year old game but apparently it's not. I've tried adjusting the settings manually but these don't even save when you exit the game and the in-game resolution doesn't appear to actually reflect the setting in the options menu, with menu items being drawn off-screen when on my screen's native resolution, when it isn't minimising and un-minimising it after attempting to change desktop resolution again.  I'm going to look for a user fix since I'm pretty much certain that there won't be a proper patch for this steaming pile of..."
,Recommended,225160,12032068,"Posted: 9 September, 2014",all,Sekso Karalius,good jack pleasure
76561198085645944,Not Recommended,225160,22162398,"Posted: 31 March, 2016",all,Ricardo,"never played this game back in the day just like duke nukem but recently i decided to buy it i was hopping a fps with 90s vibe but this game is not.  the game is cool with all complex things like vehicles and gadgets but is so slow.i dont know maybe i did wrong hopping a doom vibe with shitons of enemies and weapons than feels satisfacing but nopros:*pretty cool map design with all cool and complex switches.*nice weapons concepts.*interesting character but fails with his humor i mean dont find it funny the jokes are childish for my taste.cons:*not totally a mayhem (i was hopping that) the enemies are few and feels to slow paced to my taste.*the weapons doesnt help neither they look cool but at the end they are not fun to use.Veredict:8/10 (cult game for you not for me)tries hard to be ""a classic"" but is not at least for me just plays like a modern 3d game with a 2.5D engine.-DONT GET ME WRONG GOOD GAME JUST is not for me"
,Not Recommended,225160,22818283,"Posted: 5 May, 2016",all,ElitePWNSFace,Game crashes at attempting to start a level.  Not sure if its a window 10 issue or what. There has been zero work arounds with several google attempts.I bet the game is amazing if it would actually run on modern machines
,Recommended,225160,26341527,"Posted: 31 October, 2016",all,SlowHam,"Play this if you're not a cuck.  The later shadow warrior games are not shadow warrior games, they are garbage.THIS IS WHAT THE REAL LO WANG LOOKS LIKE."
,Not Recommended,225160,33035503,Posted: 30 June,all,Kain,"Redux version stutters like crazy, still not fixed to this day."
,Recommended,225160,3640551,"Posted: 10 August, 2013",all,Lord Tony,"WHOA, I THINK MY DINGY IS HANGING OUT!"
,Recommended,225160,26030921,"Posted: 14 October, 2016",all,AMOG,█▀▀ㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ▀▀█▀▀ㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ █▀▀▄▀▀█ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ █ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤ █ ㅤ █ㅤ █ ㅤ █▀▀▀ㅤ▀ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤㅤ ▀ㅤㅤ ㅤ ▀▀▀▀ㅤ █▀▀ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ▄▀▀▄ㅤ█▀▀▄ㅤ █▀▀▄ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤㅤ█ㅤ █ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ█▄▄▀─────███────██──────████───███────────████──███─────────████─█████████████──██████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████████─────█████████████████────────██████████──█───────────█████──────────────████──────────────█────────▄███████▄██───███▄▄──▄▄███──────▄██$█████$██▄██──█▀───▀███────█───▄██$█████████$██▄██──█───█──██───█─█──█$█████████████$███──█──────██─────█──███████████████████──██────██▀█───█─────██████████████─█───██████──▀████───────███████████──────────────────█───────█████████─────────────▀▀████──────███████████────────────────█▀──────██───████▀─▀█────────────────▀█──────█─────▀█▀───█──▄▄▄▄▄▄▄────────██────█───████▀───██─█████████████────▀█──█───███▀──▄▄██─█▀██▀██▀████▀█████▀──█───██████▀─▀█─█────────█▄─────────██───████▀───██─██▄████▄──██────────██───██──▄▄▄██──██▄▄▄▄▄██▀─────────██──█████▀───█─────────███────────███████▄────███────────███████─────█████████████───────▄██████████████████████████████─██████████████████─────────██████████████────────███████████───────█████──────████─────████ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀▀█▀▀ㅤ█▀▀█ㅤ█ㅤ▄█ㅤ█▀▀ㅤㅤ ㅤㅤ ㅤ ㅤㅤ█ ㅤㅤ█▄▄█ㅤ█▀▀▄ ㅤ█▀▀ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ㅤ ▀ㅤ ㅤ▀ㅤ ▀ㅤ▀ㅤㅤ▀ㅤ▀▀▀█▀▄▀█ㅤ█ ㅤ █ㅤ ㅤ█▀▄▀█ ▄▀▀▄ █▀▀▄ █▀▀ █ ㅤ █ㅤ██─▀─█ㅤ█▄▄█ㅤㅤ █─▀─█ █ ㅤ █ █ ㅤ █ █▀▀ █▄▄█ㅤ██ㅤㅤ █ㅤ▄▄▄█ㅤ ㅤ█ㅤㅤ█ ─▀▀ ─ ▀ ㅤ ▀ ▀▀▀ ▄▄▄█ㅤ▄
,Not Recommended,225160,21619365,"Posted: 4 March, 2016",all,Fat Angus,Buggy.  Developers won't fix the issues.  Should be pulled from the Steam Store.
,Not Recommended,225160,33402793,Posted: 9 July,all,Wud Legerity,This game is completely broken. It crashes at launch everytime but never at the same point. I can load the original just fine. It makes me really sad b\c I loved this game as a young man. Refunded and uninstalled...
76561198041708548,Not Recommended,225160,19350465,"Posted: 28 November, 2015",all,Walty White,"where is the ♥♥♥♥ing multiplayer? the only reason i bought the game....some time ago it said, the multiplayer would follow sill no sign of it."
,Not Recommended,225160,18312212,"Posted: 3 October, 2015",all,FoxenYMY,"Re-edited this review. Was thumbs up, now is thumbs down. The game is full of bugs, every single day is a new bug.Old school FPS. Duke Nukem 3D improved.It is all about shooting and goofy jokes with oriental pop culture.The only problem, has no multi-player."
76561198258543832,Recommended,225160,25582738,"Posted: 18 September, 2016",all,thots_in_the_sky,i'm playing as a chink and i'm pretending to kill BLM supporters 10/10
,Not Recommended,225160,21189189,"Posted: 13 February, 2016",all,AMB 10,For those of you like Doom-style action but wish it caused motion sickness.
,Not Recommended,225160,29279600,Posted: 15 January,all,todpolle,I didn't like the level design. I didn't like that the ninja's are overpowered for being grunts. The bosses were good. I like the music. Lo wang annoyed me and I'm glad most girls turn him down or just shoot the man. I wanted those chinese resprite of the ninja's to shut up. Weapons were okay. And it kept crashing on me.
,Not Recommended,225160,18832600,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,nizachot,"poor port (for linux at least):it messed my screen, when tried to set resolution other than 1920x1080crashed twice on 1st levelfor some reason game is heavy on graphic card (GTX590): from 40C to 80C, and uses only one gpu"
,Not Recommended,225160,21874981,"Posted: 16 March, 2016",all,Zeb89,"This review will switch to a thumbs up once (or if) multiplayer gets properly implemented, as the original game.You wanted to cut corners and this is the outcome."
,Not Recommended,225160,10108302,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Yoodiv-Have DESURA games? Msg.,"Edit: Don't buy this, they didn't implement multiplayer which is the only reason I got it.  They're denying responsibility and closing threads, etc, in the forums, see here where I called them out:http://steamcommunity.com/app/225160/discussions/0/616198623974959100/There are already better 'modernized' versions of the SW engine out there, for free, that do have multiplayer, and the IP is free via SW Classic:http://store.steampowered.com/app/238070/My former review:I'm generally not a fan of PvP, but I loved it in this game; Best I've ever played.  The deathmatch (WangBang) in this game is unique with all the crazy items, weapons & vehicles you can access, across tons of really cool maps.This is going to be updated to support multiplayer the way Duke3D Megaton has been, and I hope it happens soon!The single player is also fantastic.  It's from the folks who made Duke3D, they made this right afterwards.  It has an updated engine, but the same bravado and dirty humor that we all loved in Duke.8.5/10 for now, likely 10/10 if the WangBang is done well."
76561198113050656,Not Recommended,225160,12879078,"Posted: 10 November, 2014",all,vivo,"About the Linux port:Terrible:- It crashes almost every time I play it.- The game settings doesn't keep saved and I have to adjust them every time I play, well more than that because of the crashes.Even with this, I still recomend this game if you have other plattform or you love Duke Nukem (like me). The game deserves a try.Edit:I gave it another chance:- I play it on normal mode (I was playing on hard), so I don't have to restart/reload so often since I die less. This way I'm avoiding the known load game crash.- I put my settings and then quit the game (menu->quit game). This way my settings remain and I don't have to go to settings each time I init the game.Much more playable and enjoyable."
76561198076647670,Not Recommended,225160,11824142,"Posted: 22 August, 2014",all,jake_lovesbacon,"I categorically cannot recommend Shadow Warrior to anyone. I'll give a full list in a second of what's good and bad, but seriously, it's one of those games that's so bad it's almost you have to experience it regardless of people's advice against it, like Duke Nukem Forever.So basically:- The level design varies from pretty neat in places to goddamn awful, sometimes leaving situations where you can find every secret in the map before you find the actual path you're supposed to take, because the paths seem to be so contrived you have to play a walkthrough to even understand where the f**k the next master key/card key/door/button is.- Some sections you'll be going through interesting levels such as aeroplanes, malls, villages, temples. Other times you will be presented with warehouses and factories that all look pretty generic.- Some characters look ok, but a majority of the late-game characters, it's like what the f*@k am I even looking at. I still don't know. Gorilla demon something comes to mind, but there are about 3 different forms of gorilla demon something.-I'd say about 25% of weapons are good, the rest seem the kind of weapon that was cut from Duke Nukem 3D for being too boring. You spend a majority of the game defaulting to either a riot gun (which is ok, if a little overpowered) or dual uzis. It isn't that ninja. The sword is immense though. I love first person swording.- Some weapons seem to be planning to kill you rather than the enemy (you need decent capability to skillfully deploy sticky bombs for example, or to judge the blast radius of the nuclear warhead rocket launcher).- Some weapons are rendered pointless when a better weapon is picked up, are generally ineffective or just with no use in the world the AI and the player character inhabit.-The AI are intelligent enough to circumvent basically all your trap weapons and equipment (this might just be Sod's Law in play though).-Half the equipment is either ineffective or pointless, or so ridiculously good it makes certain terrain a formality. The gas bomb can destroy an entire building of boss-tier enemies if you throw it in said building. Other equipment (caltrops, namely) does nothing but annoy enemies, which is completely pointless, since 90% of all the other weaponry insta-kills them in a single shot. One piece of equipment (flash bomb) does nothing but make you ""partially invisible"" and every time I have used the said piece of equipment, the enemies haven't changed their behaviour at all. All that happens is my first person sprite turns translucent!-I started questioning my life after a while because the game just kept going. You get to your boss guy's house, and he's not there. You destroy his entire business assets. Hours pass. Then finally you fight him, and then he pisses off at the end and you have to spend another entire game worth of levels chasing him to finally beat him. The second ""game""-section thing is also superior, so you can save yourself some time and just do that section. Value for money though.-This might just be me whining, but the graphics cause some weird motion sickness with me. Considering I play Doom and Duke Nukem 3D all the time and have not experienced this before now, it's quite odd. This might just be a medical problem I have though...-Some of the humour is so stale, it seems to have decomposed into what some may describe as cringeworthy, or just racist. It's definitely got some beef with the asian stereotype. Like some major beef. Like a beef farm worth of beef.-Some of the referential humour flew over my head, and I've watched a lot of the subject matter it mentions.-It has an unhealthy obsession with naked/semi-naked Sailor Moon sprites.-I do like the menu and achievement art style though. That's nice.This is like the reverse to the Duke Nukem series. The new one is better! Go play that. I couldn't recommend that more and un-no-recommend this one less. Although you may want to buy it just to be impressed at how bad it is. You can still get some good gameplay out of it to be fair. But it's pretty limited. Also factor in how easily offended you are by the kind of poor humour in play here.It makes Mortal Kombat look socially conscious, they don't employ the ""me rikey velly much"" route of humour.But saying that, still a better game than Postal 2.  Christ, that games garbage."
,Not Recommended,225160,11078234,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,JunkSt✮r,"TO BUY OR NOT TO BUY: Shadow Warrior Classic Reduxby JunkStarPROS:✭Crude humor and one-liners✭""Wanton Destruction"" is a great campaign✭Smooth revision of a classic. No big changes or problems.CONS:✭Crude humor and one-liners✭Most campaigns have sloppy level design an aesthetics✭Multiple enemy types are tedious rather than challengingFINAL DECISION: I can see why Shadow Warrior never lived up to Duke Nukem. It has the Duke feel, it doesn't have the Duke quality. While 3 of the 4 episodes were a painful experience, ""Wanton Destruction"" was, for the most part, very well done. If all four episodes lived up to that standard, this would have my recommendation for sure. Unless you are really into retro shooters like Duke Nukem, I wouldn't bother with this title."
,Not Recommended,225160,17620793,"Posted: 19 August, 2015",all,C:aptain,I do not recommend this game
76561198029478651,Not Recommended,225160,13520570,"Posted: 22 December, 2014",all,Satyr King,does not work.
,Not Recommended,225160,32342604,Posted: 11 June,all,Cory in the Harem,Buy Doom 2 and download Brutal Shadow Warrior. Then follow the installation instructions.  Bam. This game for free.
,Not Recommended,225160,15612267,"Posted: 29 April, 2015",all,Never Nude,racist
76561198058636829,Not Recommended,225160,21091561,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,r/the_donald memer extraordinare,omfg these graphics are so friggin bad 1.1/10
,Not Recommended,225160,30488352,Posted: 13 March,all,DEAD,garbage
,Not Recommended,225160,33441594,Posted: 10 July,all,KareemKubed,i don't understand how this game is fun. i die way too fast.
76561198239038586,Not Recommended,225160,26375239,"Posted: 2 November, 2016",all,punkrockcasper2000,Horrible rendition of a doom or wolfenstein. Do not spend money for this game.
76561198043775227,Not Recommended,225160,8405727,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,BeRzErKeR,"Play Duke Nukem 3D: Megaton Edition instead. They are basically the same but the gun mechanics work a lot better than the melee, sword mechanics."
76561198029403467,Not Recommended,225160,25387965,"Posted: 6 September, 2016",all,Too_Old_For_This,graphic is 0/10
76561198083914357,Not Recommended,225160,7994326,"Posted: 10 December, 2013",all,Criptictoumor,"After playing for only 15 minutes I have to say that i dont really enjoy this game. The graphics a really out dated and so is the gameplay. Okay fair enough its an old game but its not really worth the time. I will keep playing for a little while longer just to so were this game will take me. So i have to say have you cant get a package deal on it or its on sale, dont buy it. And also only buy it if you a really interested in those old ""Doom-like"" games."
,Not Recommended,225160,12816242,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,Mintpuppet55349,and i am never gonna play this
,Not Recommended,225160,10085160,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Adum Reb,sux dix
,Not Recommended,225160,32710577,Posted: 23 June,all,unemployed black astronaut,nineteen ninety seven classic video game
76561198026569694,Recommended,225160,9752301,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,jamesmount15,"If you love Duke Nukem 3d or the original Doom, this is worth it."
76561198086148022,Recommended,225160,9758179,"Posted: 7 April, 2014",all,"Madigandolas, Lord of Delusion",really fun game
,Recommended,225160,228152,"Posted: 29 September, 2013",all,VirtualBoost,"If you're into Build Engine games (Duke Nukem 3D, Blood, Redneck Rampage), you will surely love this! Fast gameplay, multi-route levels and funny dialogue (in the same spirit as Duke Nukem) are some of the things that makes this game a total blast to play!"
,Recommended,225160,9864802,"Posted: 18 April, 2014",all,Dii Infer,"It's basically Duke Nukem 3D, but with an Asian twist! Fun times!"
,Recommended,225160,10650838,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,Shake,Old school fps filled with ninja bad assery. Lo Wang is coming for you little snake coward!!
,Recommended,225160,6007162,"Posted: 9 August, 2013",all,ty,Bruce Lee Duke Nukem
76561197970781102,Recommended,225160,10489490,"Posted: 15 June, 2014",all,KKUR1989,Ancient Chinese Racism. Lo Wang/10
,Recommended,225160,10607366,"Posted: 21 June, 2014",all,elfolampo,"An old classic, a run and gun FPS with an attitude and a slick gameplay straight from the golden age of the genre.The Steam version seems to be well optimized, and I've managed to run this up to over a thousand frames per second.Definitely worth a try even if you weren't a fan of the genre back then, as it's very easy to pick up and enjoy, and doesn't waste time with tutorials and such, but throws you straight in the action."
,Recommended,225160,10584113,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,flamming_python,Man not much to say about this one here :DIt's not aged as well as some of the other classic shooters; but it's a bloody slog through and through - fans of Duke Nukem 3D need look no further.
76561198038578205,Recommended,225160,8936761,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,part.nano,vely fun!
76561197965122896,Recommended,225160,9648371,"Posted: 27 March, 2014",all,SecretAgentCat,Always enjoyed this game from the 90's.  Its hilarious!
,Recommended,225160,9230702,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,aloha snackbar,This is the first game I ever played.It is still one of my all time favoritesbuy it and play it
76561198035461472,Recommended,225160,9613977,"Posted: 23 March, 2014",all,KlumsyK,"Yes, this game is as good as they say. Designed with care, thought, sense of humor, and a high expectation for the player's skill and intelligence. If u want action this is it right here, it satisfies."
,Recommended,225160,3420382,"Posted: 29 September, 2013",all,_advocate_,Seriously... Whoooo wanta some Wang?!
,Recommended,225160,1088094,"Posted: 9 July, 2013",all,Aardcore,"""It's an Asian Duke Nukem 3d."" Is what some people might describe this game as, and they're partly right, but only partly...This game, which came out in 1997, was easily one of the best shoot'em ups in its time, considering the fact that it was made in one of the finest gaming studios which prided itself in FPS way back when, 3DRealms.The game has recently been given a complete overhaul in almost all aspects, modernizing alot of features and content while leaving a greater portion of it untouched and only improved when needed, and it feels WAY better than it did years ago. If there's ever a definitive example of a retouched masterpiece, look no further than this game right here.I really wish alot more gaming studios took more care and resonsibility in revamping excellence to an all new high of their past franchises like this one.If there is love in your heart for nonsensical, good ol' fashion FPS, Shadow Warrior and its lowbrow antics, samurai sword, uzis, shurikens, demons and all, will be a righteous addition to your gaming experience.I certainly couldn't imagine a world without some Lo Wang in it. Now get on out there and chop up some Zilla scum!"
,Recommended,225160,9630547,"Posted: 25 March, 2014",all,TylerGuy,Really fun fast paced fps. With swords.
76561198120781080,Recommended,225160,10001201,"Posted: 2 May, 2014",all,firesword,DEAR CALL OF DUTY PLAYERS PLAY THIS YOU WILL BE♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥THAT YOU EVEN LIKE CALL OF DUTY BECAUSE COD SUCKS
76561198088385134,Recommended,225160,9915945,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,Nicholas Rage,"I missed out on this game back in the day, but I'm glad I can play it now.This is how you fps."
,Recommended,225160,11125887,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Officer Bananas,"The game is dated, and I mean that in the most endearing way posssible.Most modern shooters are afraid to be silly or difficult like this game is."
,Recommended,225160,11128718,"Posted: 7 July, 2014",all,Cancerous Memeing Shitlord,Probably better than Half-Life 3.13/10
,Recommended,225160,11353489,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,MightyFly55,A true classic!
,Recommended,225160,12192909,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,softandwet,if u punch the walls repeatedly u die
,Recommended,225160,12194949,"Posted: 22 September, 2014",all,Mr Eagle,"I think it is worth a thumbs up, i spend 5 hours on this. It is a fun retro shooter that i highly recomend. Gowen get'em!"
,Recommended,225160,12163218,"Posted: 20 September, 2014",all,Emperor Of Sand,watched bunnies have sexbunnies exploded6/9
,Recommended,225160,2814450,"Posted: 29 July, 2013",all,The Seductive Congressman,"Very much like Duke Nukem, Doom, and other games of the early FPS era.  Good stuff."
76561198135984260,Recommended,225160,12183606,"Posted: 21 September, 2014",all,Thulsa Doom,"Absolutely Stellar FPS from the good old days, this one is right up with Duke Nukem 3D and Blood as games having some of the most clever level design ever, with well-hidden secrets , great enemy placement... multiple ways of reaching most areas, and such.These things like exploration rewarded by either powerful weapons or powerups, and/or secret references and easter eggs are what make exploring the levels even after your first playthrough, worth it... Definitely get this.  This game can be hard as nails, but that is why you have a Quick Save/Quick Load ability!  Absolutely worth the price."
76561198023729375,Recommended,225160,10185094,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,(RNGR) Palacov,This was the first video game i ever played.. still the best in my book
,Recommended,225160,10186371,"Posted: 21 May, 2014",all,Ell,"I find this game a bit better than even Duke Nukem 3D. Lo-Wang swings into action with his many, many guns (each with alternate firing capabilities, including a nuclear warhead) and goes against the forces of the evil Zilla corporation.Fans of Duke Nukem 3D will love this game and I would recommend it any day of the week."
,Recommended,225160,9011204,"Posted: 7 February, 2014",all,k00L,Cowabunga! 10/10
76561197962973671,Recommended,225160,9045436,"Posted: 10 February, 2014",all,Past0ri,"""Baseball wrong. Man with 4 balls, cannot walk!"""
76561197997938070,Recommended,225160,7429541,"Posted: 19 October, 2013",all,Tasty Wheaties,"""I like, sword; that's a personal weapon."""
,Recommended,225160,9029456,"Posted: 9 February, 2014",all,Ginger_Kanye,"Seriously one of the best classic first person shooters. In some ways it's better than its sibling, Duke Nukem 3d."
,Recommended,225160,8866170,"Posted: 27 January, 2014",all,-ßЯҢ- thetripscaptain [sg],"This game feels nostalgic for me, even though I only played it for the first time recently.  Fantastic older shooter, a perfect example of what made FPS of its time great.  The 'redux' is a nice newer coat of paint, with a modern title screen and options menu, and significantly prettier in-game graphics and smoother controls."
,Recommended,225160,6502377,"Posted: 7 August, 2013",all,BackgroundNoise,"If you liked the original Duke Nukem 3D or similar games, you'll like this one. The premise is pretty straightforward, you're Wang, a fu-machu sporting kung-fu badass with a Bruce Lee physique with a voice that is a clear parody/tribute to the hilariously bad martial arts movie dubs of the '70s and '80s. It's not quite as refined as Duke Nukem 3D and I found it to be a lot harder to be honest, but so far I'm liking it.Pick it up when you get the chance."
76561197986448810,Recommended,225160,1090944,"Posted: 2 September, 2013",all,Malwick,You no mess with Lo Wang!
,Recommended,225160,8918440,"Posted: 30 January, 2014",all,Takeda Iesyu,"You are most likely here for one of the following reasons:1. You played this game back in the 90s and are interested in replacing your lost floppy disc with a digital copy.2. You watched TotalBiscut's video on first-person shooters and wanted to give this a try.3. You were looking for a retro game.If you are here for any of the above reasons, I urge you to buy this game. Computers don't accept floppy discs anymore, the game has a refreshed interface, but still retains its pixelated glory, and it does have the sort of open-worldliness TotalBiscut was talking about.If not, this game is a mid-90s first-person shooter. It will not baby you. Within three seconds of spawning on the first level, you will be forced into combat. It is not obvious where you are going. There's no Call of Duty-esque objective markers showing you the way. And finally, it is much more open-worlded. If you are unsure whether or not you should get it following this description, play the demo to get a feel for it, but I definitely recommend it."
,Recommended,225160,8919143,"Posted: 31 January, 2014",all,specter.,"Consisting of the same style as Duke Nukem 3D but with an Asian styled Twist on it. There are funny one-liners, a large arsenal of weapons to vanquish your foes with, and very intricate level design that will have you looking for every last secret!"
,Recommended,225160,9567204,"Posted: 19 March, 2014",all,Lisarax5813,Fun classic game. Makes you miss fast pased FPS's. Recommend it fully. Hella blast to the past.
,Recommended,225160,10927952,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,FlakJAG,"As a fan of classic FPS games I was shocked that I somehow missed this one until just recently. It's pure FPS through and through. Shadow Warrior was developed by the same company that made Duke3D (3D Realms) and uses an upgraded version of the Duke3D engine. It has the same crude humor, gore, and cheesy action movie one-liners that you'd expect from 3D Realms. If you enjoyed Duke Nukem, or just looking for a fun shooter that has all the classic elements, then I highly reccomend this."
76561198066361376,Recommended,225160,10939103,"Posted: 29 June, 2014",all,Bloodedfury,best game on steam
,Recommended,225160,366843,"Posted: 9 July, 2013",all,Misunderstood Wookiee,Excellent Classic now wrapped up in a tasty enhanced source port.You still here?
,Recommended,225160,10083525,"Posted: 11 May, 2014",all,Carnzoid,"Discovered this game when I was 12, first shooter that got me completely hooked! It's nice to see they made it available for modern computers, plus the really cool expansion packs that I never to go play before. The openGL engine runs super smooth, which makes the action a bit more fast-paced and fun.NOSTALGIA!"
76561198146466637,Recommended,225160,17299638,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Stick Man,very easy  2 get addicted to this gamegood way to use timei freakin love it
,Recommended,225160,17299892,"Posted: 30 July, 2015",all,Clutch Roadagain,It's a good remastering of an old♥♥♥♥♥game that capitalizes on being super-duper politically incorrect.
76561198029524699,Recommended,225160,30531408,Posted: 15 March,all,Mighty Maenzel,"Unbelievable good game, a true gem in the history of videogaming. damn."
,Recommended,225160,18023205,"Posted: 13 September, 2015",all,Rynoknarr14,Shadow Warrior Is The Fun Is Dos Shooters I Ever Played And With Xbox 360 Controller And Steam Achievements Im In.
,Recommended,225160,13132866,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Hey Sum Bith,11/10 Wang Simulator
,Recommended,225160,13765933,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,SavageRedline,"Things I learned:Man stuck in pantry, has♥♥♥♥♥in jam.Man who sit on toilet, high on pot.Man who fart in church, sit in own pew.3D Realms' developers really love adding naked asian chicks in thier game.I spent more time watching walkthroughs than actually playing. At least half of my playing time was just me in the steam web browser searching for how what the hell I'm missing. It doesn't help that this game has as much plot as a brick. Still, this game was fun for $1. I went around just spraying with duel uzis and a rocket launcher. I would only recomend this game if you found it for less than a buck.Doom is a better choice."
76561197965155385,Recommended,225160,13679588,"Posted: 28 December, 2014",all,SpinaL,A real classic  FPS!
,Recommended,225160,13682974,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Shadow,Who Wants some Wang!
,Recommended,225160,13721927,"Posted: 30 December, 2014",all,Jefferson Steelflex,Duke Nukem 3D on opium.
,Recommended,225160,13589687,"Posted: 25 December, 2014",all,[SCI] Manga,Excellent game
76561198024228876,Recommended,225160,13554604,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Vintis Knight,If your familiar with the antics of Duke Nukem 3D and liked it you will love this game too
,Recommended,225160,13555837,"Posted: 23 December, 2014",all,Aamon,I like it even better than Duke Nukem 3D.
,Recommended,225160,797470,"Posted: 12 July, 2013",all,Von Hammarzeit,"Shadow Warrior is an excellent blast to the past experience without the annoyances of shoddy mouse movement and sound problems. It has fast action-packed gameplay with reasonable difficulty and very fun to use weapons with surprisingly strong melee options, most weapons even has secondary fire modes such as the riot shotgun and missile launcher.The levels themselves are packed with secrets and areas to blow up with surprisingly a lot of detail and different type of areas, some even with vehicles.The only real low-point would be the Wanton Destruction expansion which replaces some enemies and has the least fun level. Thankfully the Twin Dragon expansion exceeds even the base game levels in both fun and carnage."
,Recommended,225160,13872088,"Posted: 6 January, 2015",all,^J^,Who wanta some Wang?  10/10
76561198028965044,Recommended,225160,14326561,"Posted: 4 February, 2015",all,Metalwrath,"Benchmarking this with Duke  Nukem 3D I vote for Shadow Warrior in every aspect.Much more use for all the weapons. Each piece of weaponry has its place and time where it fits the best. Melee - Katana is not just obligatory item cause the chainsaw in Doom was cool. You can really slice enemies and I mean it. When ammo is low on harder modes it's a valid choice.I like maps much more cause it's often rare to get stuck just because you missed a hidden ventilation shaft. (though occurs time to time as well). The best is game does not force you to go underwater, just rarely if yes at all.Harder modes are playable. Hard but fun....and Lo Wang - I love his humor and jokes.Frequent crashes in save/load screen are quite annoying.Bottom line  - this is a great game and still one of the best investments consideriing the sales price I paid."
,Recommended,225160,15922418,"Posted: 20 May, 2015",all,GORDON COLE,Is good
,Recommended,225160,11736558,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,All American Bad Boy,"Okay, still no co-op functionality even though this is the same engine as Duke3D. If you want to play co-op you'll need to download the original WAD and play through meltdown, making this version disposable and making the pirated version a better option. Some♥♥♥♥♥♥has been reduxed but it doesn't matter because multiplayer functionality was compeltely gutted for some unknown reason.If you planned on playing this by yourself, this is your game. If you have friends, save your money and get the original wad, then play through a service like meltdown. Rated positive because either way the game is a masterpiece."
,Recommended,225160,16404910,"Posted: 14 June, 2015",all,Martijn,Hard but fair.You will die a lot but each life you progress a little further.
76561198015856821,Recommended,225160,16039034,"Posted: 28 May, 2015",all,Yard-man,"Old time favorite, smooth running with plenty of first person mayhem and the comedy of wang! would be good if they could fix the resolution up on the enemies when they get closer to you.I have seen someone make a few of the enemies kind of 3d.All in all one of my favorite time killers"
,Recommended,225160,16322093,"Posted: 11 June, 2015",all,Sakerr1,Great game. Very simular to Doom and it's made by the same people that made the original Duke Nukem games. If you don't want to use DOSbox then get this version.
76561198087757242,Recommended,225160,16374703,"Posted: 13 June, 2015",all,godzilla540,"In Shadow Warrior (1997) I was put straight into the action and had fun killing and shooting stuff! Thankfully it was not a lame turret section that you can't move or switch back to your character that is shooting or fighting with the gun or sword, no long dragged out sections with my weapon pointed at the ground and cant run farther than my partner NPC or cannot open a door when I am 20 miles away from the NPC that is walking slower than a snail’s pace because apparently I have no brain or knowledge to open a simple door (3 year olds can do that…) or blow a hole in the wall even though I have a C4 charge, and I can go wherever I want in the level and not get killed instantly for being out of the ""combat zone"" for five seconds.If you want a FPS that gives you actual freedom and not another liner modern military shooter, I recommend to pick up Shadow Warrior (1997) and Duke Nukem 3D. You will get fun old-school, slaying, and non-liner action!"
76561198088754382,Recommended,225160,16449111,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,UndeadPixelArmy,Most of the secrets are guns or half naked anime chicks.
,Recommended,225160,18050677,"Posted: 15 September, 2015",all,Emperor Norton,"Shadow Warrior, the lesser known brother to Duke Nukem. Just as fun and great as Duke Nukem with the commentary and easter eggs. Sure it's a little racist but it's not full on, and besides that's kinda what makes the original and the remake what they are."
76561198048001650,Recommended,225160,17482736,"Posted: 10 August, 2015",all,jdcarter91,Just as great as Duke Nukem 3D.
,Recommended,225160,17539751,"Posted: 14 August, 2015",all,overcrookd,Pure awesomeness & joy!
76561198007139342,Recommended,225160,16873117,"Posted: 3 July, 2015",all,puterwizard,loved it......bravo....worked flawless.....great fun game ...lots of action with a touch of sarcastic comedy......i bought it through one of your weekend specials at a very discounted price.....keep up the good work
76561197970739339,Recommended,225160,17115635,"Posted: 18 July, 2015",all,Captain Chaos,"Who want some Wang? As a young lad I played the shareware version of the original Shadow Warrior many, many times. The opening four levels that comprise what is now known as ""Enter the Wang"" represent to me a high point in classic shooters. Shadow Warrior was the logical evolution of the kind of gameplay pioneered by Duke Nukem 3D. It was no longer enough simply to have big guns, explosions and ludicrous gibs, no, you must also have interactive environments and a smartass protagonist offering witty, post-kill one liners! And so did 3D Realms deliver. Together with Duke and Monolith's horror-flavored FPS, Blood, Shadow Warrior forms the holy trinity of Build Engine FPSs. Shadow Warrior is in most respects a superior game to Duke, with more potent weapons, smarter level design and improved world details- many objects that were 2D sprites in Duke are now 3D models, albeit blocky. You are Lo Wang,  raunchy, east-asian pastiche, professional mercenary, and wise-cracking old master, on a quest to exact revenge on the evil Orochi Zilla and his army of gun-toting demons. At your disposal is an arsenal of ballistic, explosive, and outright magical weaponry, and you will need it all to survive the game's punishing difficulty. Shadow Warrior, like most FPSs of the era, is not an easy game, but it is an entertaining one. This rerelease also includes both the game's expansions, Wanton Destruction and Twin Dragon. If you enjoy this game, I recommend moving on directly to Flying Wild Hog's excellent remake."
76561198114006543,Recommended,225160,17211036,"Posted: 24 July, 2015",all,BLITZMODE,"Lots of funny one liners, Easter eggs and content as a whole. Good platforming and puzzles. Varied level design, weapons and enemies. In summary it's kind of like Duke Nukem with a different theme."
76561198206267239,Recommended,225160,18141273,"Posted: 21 September, 2015",all,the silent king,I LIKE IT
76561198108838937,Recommended,225160,13629370,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,blastfreak,"Snake Gods, Giant Sumo Wrestler's, Nude Sailor Moon...10/10"
76561198009743178,Recommended,225160,13619770,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Gangsta Redentor,This kicks nostalgias♥♥♥♥♥ I probably should not have played this game at the ripe age of 9. LMAO
76561198168664925,Recommended,225160,13621397,"Posted: 26 December, 2014",all,Jarl Bulgruuf,shadow warrior redux is a grapical improvment of the original retro game that comes with the two other games and for only £1.74 its a masterpiece
,Recommended,225160,13642840,"Posted: 27 December, 2014",all,PAL,"A good game made even better with enhanced graphics, achievements and all of the expansions in one place. Though not the revolution Duke Nukem 3D was at the time of its release, it's none the less one of the better build engine games, dialing the fun factor to 11 with things like dual wielding machine guns, secondary weapon modes and secrets galore. Controversial even at the time of release due to its casual racism and violent death animations, so maybe not recommended if you are squeamish or easily offended, but if you can laugh at films like Big Trouble in Little China, you should be able to handle it.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=L1k8oHxM_6Y"
76561198064705122,Recommended,225160,13937826,"Posted: 10 January, 2015",all,Raditz,10/10 ign
76561198154550141,Recommended,225160,14200975,"Posted: 27 January, 2015",all,Tim59235,"I remember this and duke 3D from back in the day, I got the package on sale and it was worth the trip down memory lane! I havent went through the game again yet but I look forward to it."
,Recommended,225160,14278323,"Posted: 1 February, 2015",all,c1de,"This is a great classic. I used to play this many years ago when I was very young - My Brother and I would play this when we were 12 and 15 - It was awesome. I guess technically we weren't old enough to do so but we did anyway ;) Good memories.The problem is, That while this is a great idea and I am glad it was remade and improved - The original version that was MSDOS based had a LAN Multiplayer mode - Including Deathmatch and Co-Op.I would very much like to see this Include multiplayer or Local Co-op /w 2 Gamepad Support. I would rate it 10/10 if it Had Multiplayer. I give this remake a 7/10 for now.GameDevs, if you are listening, Multiplayer or Local Co Op! Loved the Deathmatch Modes in this game and the exploration of such detailed, confusing and sometimes outright weird areas of the game in the more open-playstyle with another person. I bought this immediatly because i thought it would have it by default; without looking closer based on the fact the original did and this ought to as well."
,Recommended,225160,767300,"Posted: 8 July, 2013",all,DryvBy,"Seriously, get you some wang!"
,Recommended,225160,13262597,"Posted: 6 December, 2014",all,redp,"A very excellent version of the game polished to modern standards. There is new menu artwork and it plays like any classic BUILD engine game. With that said, it is still a fun and amusing game very much in the Duke Nukem mould; hard as nails, though."
76561197987163560,Recommended,225160,13953787,"Posted: 11 January, 2015",all,farmerbobhack,"A classic. If you're not familiar with what this game is about just think of a racist asian steriotype of Duke Nukem and there you go. For its time this was a pretty great use of the BUILD engine and there is a lot of fun to be had here. After not playing this for over a decade it is definitely nice to see how far FPS have come since this. The level design and settings are creative, and theres plenty of enemy types and weapons to keep you entertained. My only complaint after 15 or so years is still the same... this game is brutally difficult, even on normal setting. As with many sprite based games using the build engine... the hit detection is pretty ♥♥♥♥♥♥. My advice is to turn off the crosshair and turn on auto-aim for a less frustrating experience. The enemies you face have pinpoint accuracy from any distance... while you can unload two full uzi clips at an enemy 10 feet away and hit absolutely nothing. The riot gun functions similarly and its spread makes it utterly ineffective without autoaim. The game wasn't quite ready for full 3d aiming yet and like many of the great sprite based FPS of the times it really shows. Beyond that it's worth a pick up for nostalgic fans and fans of old school FPS.On a side note... I just noticed that the person playing in the trailer on the steam store page is using GOD mode and running all over blowing♥♥♥♥♥♥up... just note that that is NOT how you play this game lol. If you run in guns blazing thinking this is DOOM or something like that you will be annihilated. Even the basic evil ninja demon things can take you down in a matter of seconds if you're not careful."
,Recommended,225160,15646209,"Posted: 1 May, 2015",all,Tuaam,"Oh, must be American-Made.-Lo Wang, 1997"
,Recommended,225160,15729724,"Posted: 7 May, 2015",all,Mabec,10 wangs out of 10.
,Recommended,225160,15721493,"Posted: 6 May, 2015",all,JesusWithBazookaz79,10/10Needs Leaderboards and ranking system
,Recommended,225160,15901877,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,☮✌Cloud☮✌,"Great, Finally a good source port that works"
76561198114900488,Recommended,225160,15662011,"Posted: 2 May, 2015",all,tcwheatl,"Shadow Warrior is another one of those classic games that any FPS fan should own.This game was made by 3D Realms, the same company that made the highly acclaimed Duke Nukem 3D. Shadow Warrior is sort of a spiritual sequel to Duke Nukem 3D, using the same engine and having similar gameplay, only with an Asian theme. However, Shadow Warrior is a great game in its own right. The combat is fast-paced, there are a variety of weapons and enemies, and many of the levels are fun to explore.One minor downside is that there are a few frustratingly parts where you have to figure out how to do something in the level with no guidance from the game. Of course, this is how many classic games were, and most of the times it's nice not to have a game holding your hand the whole way through. Although there were a few times when the lack of guidance was frustrating, this was ultimately a very minor blemish on an outstanding game."
,Recommended,225160,3813134,"Posted: 19 August, 2013",all,DTAltair,"Such a fantastic childhood favorite. Long enough gameplay to last more than a few hours. Difficulty is very suitable, especially with it even on the lowest difficulty it is not like you can go run and gun like most games nowadays on the easiest. Controls are very fluid and no glitching at all."
76561198131316470,Recommended,225160,15409049,"Posted: 16 April, 2015",all,Dark_Chuck,"""HOLY♥♥♥♥♥♥ It looks like a Duke Nukem!"" - Lo WangIf you like Duke Nukem 3D, get this game.If you like Duke, get this game.If you like being a stereotypical kung fu movie hero, get this game.If you like walking into a shower with hentai girl, hitting on her, then haveing her shoot you in the face with an Uzi, get this game.If you like killing everything with a Katana, get this game.Hell, get the combo pack with Duke Nukkem 3D megaton edition, and you will not be disapointed.I ran into a room full of evil ninjas, I had no ammo, armor, bombs, but managed to mureder 9 guys with my katana And dodge their Uzi fire. Didn't take a hit. Picked up the key I had been searching ten minutes for. Some pric with a box of dynamite walked up to me. I had played the entire game and was on the second to last level, didn't save once.8/10"
76561198001262972,Recommended,225160,2035181,"Posted: 10 July, 2013",all,Crimedogg25,YOU NO MESS WITH LO WANG.
76561198044919619,Recommended,225160,15573981,"Posted: 26 April, 2015",all,Maxjk0,Verry smooth and fun. I would say its a little better than Duke Nukem in some ways
76561198005067742,Recommended,225160,16141499,"Posted: 2 June, 2015",all,Darkstryke,"Although you can get the free version of this game on Steam, this is the version you want.  It has the graphical improvements and proper mouse look that is essential to properly playing an FPS these days.  It also has the two official expansions which are very challenging and extend gameplay substantially beyond the first two original episodes.All in all, a great, fun old school FPS with powerful, fun weaponry and buckets of blood.  Arguably the best looking sprite based FPS before the eventual switch to full 3D polygon models."
,Recommended,225160,16488736,"Posted: 17 June, 2015",all,my name Jeff,"good game, many wang jokes, slightly racist, difficult. what are you wating for, buy it"
,Recommended,225160,8202040,"Posted: 22 December, 2013",all,Sputnik,U no mess with Lo Wang!
76561198119438400,Recommended,225160,11027604,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Virathas,"This game is a true classic.In short:Pros:+ Long Game(comparing to recent FPS games; I played for 20 hours to achieve 100% completion, but then again i knew most secrets/maps/enemy placement)+ A varied arsenal, with most weapons being useful+ References to popular and less popular Anime titles(i.e. Slayers)+ Humor+ Challenging+ Additional maps/Total conversions/Map Packs are available to download(Not through Steam though)+ Map Editor is includedCons:- Steam Version adds several bugs- No MP support through Steam(but there are still methods for it)"
,Recommended,225160,1347774,"Posted: 10 July, 2013",all,Meridia,You buy! You buy now yes!?
76561198075398151,Recommended,225160,11154920,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,|PPK| RamboBiscuit,One of the best games I have ever played! -RamboBiscuit
,Recommended,225160,4307802,"Posted: 9 August, 2013",all,Brigador Lemur (SWE),"Step into the role of Shadow Warrior Lo Wang and fight against the evil Zilla Corporation that intend to take over the world with dark powers and evil creatures from beyond our world.Of course with you being a ninja, you get the standard shurikens and katana, but that isn't everything, you also get uzis, rocket launchers that can fire nuclear missiles as well as standard missiles, a rail gun and much much more that will leave your enemies as piles of exploded meat on the ground.This is a must have for those who loved Duke Nukem 3D, since this was originally made by 3D Realms, and want to be a badass ninja armed to the death with state of the art weaponry."
,Recommended,225160,11950296,"Posted: 1 September, 2014",all,владимир путин,"Good game when you enjoy titles like Duke Nukem 3D, Doom, Blake Stone and Wolfenstein 3D."
,Recommended,225160,10981504,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Zaney,For alle of those who enjoy old school FPS games
76561198025450161,Recommended,225160,10523841,"Posted: 19 June, 2014",all,uniteRdie,The apex of 90s FPS.
76561197998391741,Recommended,225160,13001221,"Posted: 18 November, 2014",all,TinyTim,Stereotypical
76561198025036258,Recommended,225160,13007113,"Posted: 19 November, 2014",all,Reibooi,Never played Shadow Warrior? Think along the lines of a Asian Duke Nukem. Fast paced over the top action on a relentless basis and pretty funny as well(although many may not like the humor because of it's reliance on racial sterotypes.It also can't be argued the amount of content that is here. The main game along as 20 levels and 2 secret ones and then you have even more with the expansion pack. Honestly if you like old school shooters you will love this and if you have never played a old school shooter then at least give the game a shot.
,Recommended,225160,13061524,"Posted: 23 November, 2014",all,Gnome Rambo,"Shadow Warrior Classic Redux is like Duke Nukem 3D: Same engine, same genre, same gameplay. What makes it different is that instead of playing as Duke Nukem, it's Lo Wang, and instead of aliens who came to Earth, it's the supernatural lackeys of Zilla. Classic Redux includes not only the main game but also it's expansions, Wanton Destruction and Twin Dragon. Only difference between the Expansions is that one ties up the loose end (with some reskinned enemies) from the main game while the other has Lo Wang go against his own brother.Pros: As said, it comes with the expansionsPlays like Duke Nukem 3D, in a first-person mode where its just gunning down bad-guysGood variety weapons, from fist and sword to rocket launcher and a severed demon (or orc? It is green.) head.Cons: In some levels, you might get lost, wondering where to go to next.The final bosses can be disappointing, especially if you are familiar with the way they fight.Might offend some due to the Asian stereotypes (One of the enemies in the expansions can offend some due to how they look and/or sound).If you are partial to FPS games, especially those similar to Doom and Duke Nukem 3D, Shadow Warrior can give you a bang for your buck."
76561198112208783,Recommended,225160,13118297,"Posted: 28 November, 2014",all,Fat guy from Pawn Stars,"If you grew up in the early 90's like me. This game will remind you what true first person shooters are all about. Survival and using your mind to figure out how the game works and rewards you for actually exploring the levels and finding Ancient Chinese secrets. Hilarious game with difficult enemies to fight. If you've played Duke Nukem 3D, then this game should feel similar but with different characters. Get this game if you want to either experience what old fps were like and should be to this day or get it for pure nostalgia. Compared to the classic version which you can get for free here on Steam. Classic Redux offers all the expansions plus they improve the graphics and added some modern options such as FOV. This game DOES NOT hold your hand and tell you what to do, so figure it out."
,Recommended,225160,15152389,"Posted: 1 April, 2015",all,El_Desenladrillador,Holy cow! Look like Duke Nukem!
76561198122524167,Recommended,225160,12154872,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,platasaurus rex,"Short, but very fun"
,Recommended,225160,12370321,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Maddcoon,"""Who-a want-a some-a Wang?""I wanted Wang! Shadow Warrior is an old school FPS in the same vein as Duke Nukem 3D or Blood (without the fanbase of either unfortunately.) It is shorter than Duke Nukem 3D, but when it might fall short in length, it makes up for advanced actions (ladders, vehicles, turrets) and for being different. Yes, there is inspiration from Duke Nukem 3D and it's probably not AS good as Duke Nukem 3D, but it is different and doesn't feel like it's just a humongous expansion pack. While there isn't quite as many different enemies and the weapons aren't quite as unique as Duke Nukem 3D, they're all fun to use and don't get old. If any felt a little underwhelming, it might be the Riot Shotgun. I realize they had to nerf it a bit, but reloading after every 4 shots is a bit tedious. I would've prefered a different way of nerfing it. But it was still extremely useful. And all the other weapons feel just powerful enough. This game also gave birth to the ever popular Rail Gun. Yes, SW had a Rail Gun before Quake 2 even thought about it! The game (like Duke Nukem 3D) isn't that hard on normal or lower. It lets you just semi pay attention and just enjoy making your way through the level. But on hard or very hard, the game is down right challenging, even more than Duke Nukem 3D. On Very Hard it will push even the most Hardcore FPS players to their limits.This is obviously the Classic Redux version of the game and for the sake of the review I played it through the redux version as opposed to Classic. And for the most part the package is pretty good. You're not getting quite as much content for your money as Duke Nukem 3D. As Duke is longer and has 3 expansions instead of just 2, but SWCR is definitely worth the $10 they're asking for it. And it has a few benefits over Duke 3D Megaton Edition. That being that there's an FOV option and you can play the expansions in classic. However besides that, SWCR is a bit inferior to DN3D:ME. For starters, Classic Redux is kind of buggy. I got 2 texture bugs during the Code of Honour Episode (forcing me to even replay a level one time) and I saw a few monsters on a level clipped into a wall where they couldn't fight back and just stood there as I shot away at them. I'm not sure if I was just unlucky or if these are common bugs. I really hope it isn't the latter. And theres also no multiplayer or workshop support. None of these personally bother me, but it would really just be nice to have them as bonuses. On the bright side though, these could easily be added within a single big update, so this con could easily be taken away in the near future.The Classic Redux has another thing in common with Duke 3D: Megaton, where the expansions have also been remastered. SW has 2 so far and apparently a 3rd one trying to be brought back to life by some SW fans. The 2 expansions included are pretty good I guess. Wanton Destruction being a bit better, as it continues the story and features some new reskinned enemies. I personally don't think they're as different from the original game like Nuclear Winter or Duke Caribbean is to Duke 3D, but they are more original than Duke it out in D.C. for what it's worth. And like I said theres a 3rd expansion possibly on its way in the near future. I would love to see this even if it doesn't really add much new, it would just be fun to have more official content.In the end, SWCR has a few features over DN3D:ME but also doesn't have multiplayer or workshop currently. However, the singleplayer is still flawless and if you're more lucky than me, there'll be nothing to stop you from enjoying this cult classic."
,Recommended,225160,12364031,"Posted: 4 October, 2014",all,Tulike,"Classic Shadow Warrior, with full compatibility with modern systems, achievements, steam cloud, etc. One of the best retro first person shooters that I had played. Highly recommended."
,Recommended,225160,11667012,"Posted: 11 August, 2014",all,Promisha,"Great fun but not as polished or entertaining as Duke Nukem (done by the same developer). Similar to what I said in my Duke Nukem 3d review, make some settings tweaks to help make the classic version more playable as the lighting isn't as dark as it should be - no need for night vision here.A few funny secrets scattered here and there provide a couple of laughs. Using the sword is feels great. The one level set is annoying to play as many of the standard zilla mobs are replaced by generic chinese dudes with little bowler hats and they constantly make this obnoxius  HNNGYAAHHH sound every 2 seconds until you kill them."
,Recommended,225160,11771184,"Posted: 18 August, 2014",all,Milf Hunter,para los viciados que les gustan los clásicos fps
,Recommended,225160,11933058,"Posted: 31 August, 2014",all,The Weredragon,This is the old game. The nostalgia. Do you like retro games just go for it!One of the best remakes of Duke Nukem 3D.Downside is compatibility. I had several crashes until I somehow found out to set it up or just get over it.
,Recommended,225160,10514860,"Posted: 18 June, 2014",all,Lo Wang,So damn funny. Great game
76561197991694157,Recommended,225160,11049761,"Posted: 3 July, 2014",all,DarkVolter,A Classic that Brings the B for Back in Classic!
76561198060249747,Recommended,225160,10984430,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Arcusynn,"I used to play old-school shooters a bunch as a kid (Doom was the first game I ever played), but grew out of them as all I the shooters I saw were 'military shooters' that didn't interest me in the slightest. Recently, I've wanted to play these old shooters again, and Shadow Warrior is exactly what I was looking for. Even for a game released in 1997, it looks pretty good, and plays really well. There's tons of one-liners, humor, and plenty of secrets in the 22 levels (not including expansions). This game, is bought with the Duke Nukem 3D Megaton Edition, is quite the steal value wise, and is recommended you buy it that way."
,Recommended,225160,11071589,"Posted: 4 July, 2014",all,Triple_T,"A perfect reincarnation of the old 90's shooter shadow warrior with easy key bindings, menus and seemless mouselook.  If you enjoy retro shooters like Duke Nukem 3D, Doom or Wolfenstein you'll enjoy the hell out of this. So what are you waiting for, come get some Wang!"
76561198056967285,Recommended,225160,10811863,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Japer83,"Okay, so you have to be a bit of a fan of old school shooters to really get into this.  It really helps if you grew up on Doom 1 and 2, Duke Nukem, Wolfenstein and the like.  Also, I suppose if you had played this game in its original form.  Oh yeah, Blood that one too.  Anyway,  that being said I love this game.  It has just about everything you would expect in a game from years ago.  Old school graphics, jokes that range from being hilarious to akward or slightly embarassing..over the top violence and thin story.  This wouldn't stand too much up against recent games but I give it a 4 out of 5 nonetheless."
,Recommended,225160,10756702,"Posted: 24 June, 2014",all,Airanel,"A timeless classic from the DoS days that we 80's pre-internet kids were weaned on. Up there with other legendary titles like Wolfenstein, Doom and Duke Nukem, only Shadow Warrior provides a million racist and chauvanistic laughs a minute, making it stand head and shoulders above the rest."
,Recommended,225160,11268852,"Posted: 16 July, 2014",all,TrulyDoubleN,"Seriously, this game is one of a kind. There is honestly too much to say.In a nut shell, this is an old fashioned game but with some serious improvements. All of the little things in this game that make it awesome are either overlooked or taken for granted. This game has so many secrets and hidden rooms of weapons it frustrates me!I have lost my train of thought. It's worth your money."
76561198178913075,Recommended,225160,18604158,"Posted: 21 October, 2015",all,JonLu TheGrey,One of the most underrated franchises on STEAM.
,Recommended,225160,18896353,"Posted: 5 November, 2015",all,Snake,Its ok.
76561198072806865,Recommended,225160,9278252,"Posted: 27 February, 2014",all,Squidfish,"Great action game, with nice expansions that has greatly detailed levels. Recommended."
,Recommended,225160,2222997,"Posted: 11 August, 2013",all,Ibitato,"Go and grab it. Its such a good game, we need to keep alive iniciatives such this one to bring back really good games."
,Recommended,225160,8801886,"Posted: 21 January, 2014",all,DukesOfDevon,"You no mess with Lo Wang...Cheap puns, fast gameplay and very simply some of the best map design ever. Literally no corner of a map is wasted space, it's worth playing just to see how bad many modern shooters are at layout...Plus there's a quad barreled automatic shotgun.And sword, thats a personal weapon.9/10"
76561198021039434,Recommended,225160,8702885,"Posted: 14 January, 2014",all,attilanagy002,"Was a great fun to see again the classic game. The Redux improvements are protecting the old mood but developed the gaming experience. Wanton`s Destruction and Twin Dragon side stories are also good ones, however cannot reach the quality of the main feature. For old fans, this content is recommended."
,Recommended,225160,7635334,"Posted: 11 November, 2013",all,Baron O'Beefdip,no clue how i never was aware of this
76561198048556706,Recommended,225160,5363414,"Posted: 13 September, 2013",all,thewhiteknuckle,"DAT'S NO ORDINARY WANG!The tale of Lo Wang the Shadow Warrior is a game that will bring you right back into the Doom-era of video games; with a true first person shooter perspective, old ""3D"" graphics and a variety of weapons, this game will give you a challenge that will remind you just how hard games used to be.And that's awesome."
76561198019216815,Recommended,225160,7752015,"Posted: 25 November, 2013",all,Crebmen,"Shadow Warrior is a tad bit dated, but that doesn't mean it isn't fun! The weapons in this game really pack a punch, and are a blast to use. The maps are fun and challenging, with lots of clever secrets hidden all around. The humour in this game is crude (sometimes offensive), but it fits the theme of the game, and some of it actually made me laugh.My first complaint are that some levels are impossible to complete without a walkthrough if you're on your first playthrough, usually because some of the keys and switches are hidden waaay too well, in fact some are harder to find than most of the ACTUAL hidden secrets in the game. My second complaint is that the bosses are extremely lame (two of them become regular enemies, though), and only require spamming a powerful weapon to take them down while running in circles, but the worst boss was the final boss, who was dissapointing and incredibly easy.All in all though, it's a really fun game, and I highly recommend it if it's on sale!"
76561198039435533,Recommended,225160,4587979,"Posted: 19 August, 2013",all,(P.S.S.G) Nikolai Zasteski,"Everybody loves the classics! This game brought back good memories of DN:3D and the DooM Series. If you like simple, Well designed 90's DOSBOX-esc slighty racist fps. Your gonna love this!"
,Recommended,225160,8622990,"Posted: 8 January, 2014",all,Сисян,"If you want a break from thousands modern YOBA shooters, try this one."
,Recommended,225160,7497771,"Posted: 27 October, 2013",all,Nikata,"While this is a fun game, the level designs can be confusing at times, and also quite often the way to proceed forward involves a hidden switch or key or destructable wall that can be easily missed. Be prepared to wander around aimlessly for ages trying to find the way forward."
,Recommended,225160,7937091,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Pussy,Good game. Glad to have the whole game and both expansions!
,Recommended,225160,2914605,"Posted: 10 July, 2013",all,Ductos,"More than an Asian Duke Nukem: Lo Wang has more interesting weapons, a wider enemy variety and better level design than Duke Nukem 3D. A crazy and bloody parody of kung-fu movies, Asian culture and action tropes. Might be offensive to some, but can also be very entertaining for others. And Classic Redux is the definitive version!"
,Recommended,225160,12259089,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Agent Blazkowicz,Another great classic
,Recommended,225160,12152105,"Posted: 19 September, 2014",all,Jiggle Billy,"If you like having fun or enjoying things, you may find this game to be pallateable."
76561197984211003,Recommended,225160,12230268,"Posted: 25 September, 2014",all,j♂𝔰𝕙⩅@𝔑𝒜thaniel,"""No mess with...wang"" I geuss sums it up. Anyway there is a whole series of these.  Even more recent as in for newer console/hardware than the original etc."
,Recommended,225160,12226242,"Posted: 24 September, 2014",all,Crow506,"""I'd rather kick♥♥♥♥♥than solve puzzle!""Fast paced and over the top, Shadow Warrior is a riotously hilarous old-skool FPS. Loads of weapons ranging from a samuria sword to the decapitated Guardian head that breathes fire to the beating heart of of the gorilla like Rippers. The level design gives corridor shooters a run for their money. If you love Duke Nukem you'll love Shadow Warrior Redux."
76561198066051135,Recommended,225160,21066310,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,themuffinmanXL,Very fun game but it is challenging
,Recommended,225160,21328508,"Posted: 19 February, 2016",all,Jay Coda,"You have a Katana, shoot machine guns, blood, gore and blow up shiz in the most 90s retro insanity out there. Need I say more? lol"
,Recommended,225160,292717,"Posted: 25 July, 2013",all,Pippy,Whoooo wanta some Wang? It brings back so many wonderful memories.
,Recommended,225160,21268109,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,Dr. Gibus PhD,"""Man who stand on toilet, high on pot"""
76561197989575392,Recommended,225160,1224173,"Posted: 18 July, 2013",all,Swampy81,Do you want to wash Wang or do you want to watch Wang wash Wang?
,Recommended,225160,21057643,"Posted: 8 February, 2016",all,LittleLuigi737,Yes.
,Recommended,225160,21005674,"Posted: 6 February, 2016",all,optimuswhat,"The only issue with this game is the fact that in order to progress in the game, you need to find secrets! If you're stumped, I recommend looking up a walkthrough just to figure out how to proceed.Other than that, excellent game!"
76561198112989387,Recommended,225160,25033659,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,SHARKEY,HA HA HA YOU NO MESS WITH LO WANG
,Not Recommended,225160,258810,"Posted: 8 August, 2013",all,SHODANFreeman,"They lied about adding multiplayer.They lied about releasing the Deadly Kiss expansion.I love the game itself, but I don't recommend supporting a company of liars."
76561197970482328,Recommended,225160,18822714,"Posted: 1 November, 2015",all,fjk1138,"Who Wanta some Wang?  YOU wanta some Wang!!Despite the supposed ""racist"" overtones of this game (anyone thinking it accurately represents any Asian culture needs to pull out the throwing star out of their forehead), I loved the satire of bad kung fu movies that this game portrays.  There is plenty of action to be had, and many of the enemies are quite challenging.  I thought some of the Asian home and building layouts were quite nicely done (especially for the times) and it was a fun experience overall."
,Recommended,225160,13443973,"Posted: 18 December, 2014",all,Mallo,"I bought Shadow Warrior Classic Redux in the Steam sale because I remember it being great fun back in the '90s and fancied playing through it again now. Although the game is still as fast, funny - and as challenging - as I remember, I have to say that this new version is not quite up to scratch. There's an annoying problem with custom key bindings being wiped when launching the game (fix is to make the config file read only - WTF?!), and some really horrible screen tearing when the play area shakes. I've played a couple of levels into it and get the feeling that this 'redux' is a bit half-baked."
,Recommended,225160,13570661,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,pecamar,I played pachinko for an hour.
76561198045344356,Recommended,225160,13573679,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,✪ Asparizone,Like i said in my reviews for Shadow Warrior and Duke Nukem 3D Megaton Edition this game and the developers 3D Realms are the ones who made the FPS Genre what it is if you like Duke Nukem you are going to love Lo Wang :)
,Recommended,225160,15211981,"Posted: 4 April, 2015",all,Zac Congo,Love it.The gameplay is fastpaced and fun.The engine has had a few upgrades while remaining faithful to the original.
,Recommended,225160,19666686,"Posted: 12 December, 2015",all,RedWormCharlie,"WHoooooooooo wanta some wang!?Play it, it's the original of the newest bloody hack and slash thriller."
76561198202311947,Recommended,225160,19690899,"Posted: 14 December, 2015",all,Original_Wasta,"You no mess with Lo Wang! GREAT game, if you enjoy slicing through your enemies, or even blowing them up with warhead missles (than this) is gonna knock at your door, no pun intended (or made)."
,Recommended,225160,14411968,"Posted: 9 February, 2015",all,☢.Mr.Amazing.☢™,"why is there no nuclear missle launcher in duke nukem but there is in this game?WHY?Who wants some bang, with your perverted uncle wang?"
,Recommended,225160,19423380,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,EF,"I remember playing this game back in the mid 90's, loved it then, and still love it now."
,Recommended,225160,19443043,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Bridlo,Game of the Year 1997 - IGN
,Recommended,225160,19454589,"Posted: 3 December, 2015",all,xxPlayer00001xx,"Just beat classic redux, my god this game is fun. Played this in the night with headphones on. It's pretty spooky you don't know whats around the corner. If you like Doom and/or Duke Nukem, you will love this. There are some parts of this game that can be frustrating trying to figure out but there arent many of those (only used a guide for one part)."
76561198132292200,Recommended,225160,21966249,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Habib,Like Japanese Duke Nukem
,Recommended,225160,21964925,"Posted: 21 March, 2016",all,Knee,"You should get the pack with duke nukem megaton edition. Oh wait, it was removed"
,Recommended,225160,22028821,"Posted: 24 March, 2016",all,Chef Boyardee,"Shadow Warrior is a classic, and this Redux version is easily the best versionPros-Fun, gameplay-A classic-Lots of weaponsCons-I think the improvements do not justify a $10 price tag, considering the original is free-No multiplayerOverall8/10Not the best improvment, but still great. If you are looking for a good classic FPS, pick up Doom with Brutal Doom or Turok."
,Recommended,225160,14318103,"Posted: 3 February, 2015",all,MarcinZz,I don't konw when I bought this♥♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,225160,15148458,"Posted: 31 March, 2015",all,Nasty Pirate,"Blood-engine fps game, very goooooood!"
,Recommended,225160,684148,"Posted: 27 September, 2013",all,Mad Mike Marsbergen,"The definitive version of this vintage gem.It's the typical Build-engine FPS, with keys and keycards, lots of guns and lots more killing. So where Duke Nukem 3D was a parody of the western action hero, Shadow Warrior was the Asian brother (and Redneck Rampage was the...).All (2-- Wanton Destruction, and Twin Dragon) of the expansions are there, and they've even got their own custom menus now-- rather than the amateurish way it used to be: the first or second episode would be temporarily replaced by the new expansion episode. It looked bad. But these look really good.Multiplayer is supposed to be added in a future update (once it's finished for Duke3D Megaton), and there are rumours of a long-lost third expansion pack-- Deadly Kiss-- eventually seeing the light of day.Recommended for Duke or RR fans, and even for those who don't like either-- just a good and fun first person shooter."
76561197987097065,Recommended,225160,16528353,"Posted: 19 June, 2015",all,scrut_monkey,"This is a great game if your into your old school shooters, it really took me back to my childhood. Its pretty hardcore on anything above easy, but if you enjoy a challenge youll have fun with this. Graphics are terrible, sound is terrible but Lo Wangs rediculous quotes make up for it! I'm not sure weather younger players would enjoy this game, it's probably just nostalgia that makes me love it so much. If your a fan of duke 3d and you never got round to this one you'll probably enjoy it. Shadow warrior worked perfectly on windows 8.1 and the new in game menus were nice.""You want Wang?!"" yes you do!"
76561198077025018,Recommended,225160,16809212,"Posted: 30 June, 2015",all,The Grotesque Abomination,The original FPS classic updated in HD.Chow Yun Fat ain't got♥♥♥♥♥♥on Lo Wang.10/10
,Recommended,225160,16754820,"Posted: 27 June, 2015",all,Studious,"It might not be it's more well known and respected brother, Duke Nukem 3D, but Shadow Warrior is by no means a bad game. Though, when you compare this game to Duke Nukem, you start to see some flaws. Enemy variety is lacking; and the textures used in the game come off as muddy, confusing, and unappealing. Aside from those two major complaints, Shadow Warrior is still an admirable gem of a game. There's a lot of fun to be had here. It's good, but not great. Entertaining... but not memorable."
,Recommended,225160,12331528,"Posted: 2 October, 2014",all,yung NI🅱🅱A,this game is biger better then my WANGand if you dont want to use money on the redux with better graphics two DLC`s and the origionale sahdow warrior you can get only the origionale for free its free to play on STEAM
,Recommended,225160,15671671,"Posted: 3 May, 2015",all,Jun,10/10 better than Duke Nukem 3D. That's all.
,Recommended,225160,27830918,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,klingelhella,"A shooter from the dawn of the FPS age. A game you should definitely play in puberty. Also in post-puberty. Technically well executed and still plays great today, tons of fart, poop and♥♥♥♥♥♥jokes. 10/10, if you like this kind of game, go for it!"
,Recommended,225160,27882601,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,dhar174,"If you enjoy retro first-person shooters, such as Quake, Doom, and Hexen, you will LOVE this classic gem. Remastered for modern computers, this title is well worth the price- you'll find yourself wanting to find every crazy easter egg and earn every absured award.If you've found this on sale and it caught your attention, trust me and buy it."
,Recommended,225160,27524205,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Fly nICE,10
76561197985064137,Recommended,225160,27565985,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Monument,Still the superior Wang
76561198211845432,Recommended,225160,27410070,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,donegal1965,They don't make them like this anymore. 10/10
,Recommended,225160,28266137,"Posted: 8 December, 2016",all,GamerBaron357,"Pretty good game. Lot of different keyword slots for weapons and items, making it difficult to manage buttons. Anyways, still love the crazy comments Lo Wang says, plus some interesting hidden stuff in the game."
76561198197572325,Recommended,225160,27057293,"Posted: 23 November, 2016",all,georgemt84,"Kill 4 werewolves without getting a scratch, lose 75 health from a bug.... Could have been as good as Duke 3D, but they just had to♥♥♥♥♥♥us around with a few things.  Level design definitely a step down.  Still good attitude, fun weapons, great music, modest recommendation.EDIT: After playing the expansion packs I can say that if you get this on special, it is worth it, the unit designs make a bit more sense and are more fun (and a little more racist), level design is slightly improved as well, more logical (from a gaming point of view)So take this from a modest recommend eg 5/10 up to a 6/10 or thereabouts."
,Recommended,225160,28406019,"Posted: 16 December, 2016",all,Who's That Man?,"In the end, I would recommend this game for modern gamers that can still enjoy DOOM style ""find the key, unlock the door"" type of gameplay. The humor, art direction, and general badassery make it a very memorable experience.Story time: In case you didn't know, Steam offers a DOSBox version of this game for free (The original 1997 version). I installed and played the first level of the original, but had to stop because of how poorly the graphics and menu/saving systems have aged over the years. I then discovered this remake and picked it up on a sale. This remake fixed every issue I had with the original DOS version, which is great because now I get to enjoy and old '97 classic in 2016.Visually, the remake brings the old look of the original game up to modern HD standards. Think Half-Life or Quake style 3D environments with DOOM style 2D sprites.  The run and gun action is pretty solid and the humor is pretty great (even if it's extremely racist). The story takes a back seat, but that's not really why anyone would play this game.Also with this remake, you get access to the Twin Dragon and Wanton Destruction expansions (though you cannot access them in the base game's menu system which makes no sense to me). Overall, there's probably about 15-20 hours of gameplay in all of Classic Redux.The biggest issue with the game overall is the confusing and cryptic level design. While this is a DOOM clone, the levels aren't nearly as spacious or sprawling as DOOM or DOOM II. The design is very, very dense with lots of backtracking and random puzzles. I had to use a guide in about every other level just to get through. While the design is annoying, I still enjoyed the game overall. I completed the base game and Twin Dragon but was turned off by the level design and had no interest in starting up Wanton Destruction (Twin Dragon has really confusing level progression to the point of extreme frustration).A great remake of the original Shadow Warrior: 7/10."
76561198217059347,Recommended,225160,28595215,"Posted: 24 December, 2016",all,Termin8r,"Made by the guys who brought us timeless classics like ""Duke Nukem"" and ""Wolfenstein"", Shadow Warrior is probably just as high on the list as them.ProsOld-fashioned pixelated graffics that may be nostalgic, but are a ton of funPlenty of weapons to slaughter your enemiesFunny lines from Lo Wang. Is he stereotypical? Is the presentation of him racist? I don't know, but he's still fun!ConsCertain levels can DEFINITELY be confusing and you'll find yourself backtracking and walking around ALOTVerdictIt's insanely fun and addicting. Give it a shot you won't be disappointed"
76561198044650150,Recommended,225160,27252555,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Metsavend,Why can't modern shooters be more like this?
,Recommended,225160,27283262,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,Mr. Stockington,Can I get my badge now?
,Recommended,225160,27556896,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,Dongo,Fantastic
,Recommended,225160,27606142,"Posted: 25 November, 2016",all,OasisHoliday,Great game.  It sticks to the old essentials with just enough gore and humor.Loved the level editor on the old version.
,Recommended,225160,27703073,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,RxMurloc,"Shadow Warrior is an outstanding old school FPS from the creators of Duke Nukem using the same engine and, more or less, same gameplay mechanics. The classic redux additions are some good quality of life upgrades, Mostly not having to deal with DOSBox nonsense and adding in mouse aim. Gameplay wise you turn the game on, rock out to the menu music and then slash your way through japan while Lo Wang spits one liners and d*** jokes at the enemy. You have a decent arsenal of weapons, a katana, a SMG, a bizarre 4 barreled / minigun shotgun hi-bred and the usual assortment of things that go Boom (Grenades, rocket launcher, etc) to deal with the large enemies. Story wise... there ain't much there. Your Lo Wang. Kill things. Then kill more things. Game ends. But this isn't one of those story games, this is a game you turn on to have a blast. Stressful day at work? Turn this baby on and run headlong at some demons and rip them apart with a katana. This games for fun. It's not some fancy brain game."
,Recommended,225160,27849904,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Filipe Figueredo Silva,Do you want to wash wang? Or do you want to watch Wang wash wang?10/10
76561198319195700,Recommended,225160,27756433,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,WithyBarley,"Shadow Warrior Redux is a fantastic bundle. It comes with all of the dlc, a map editor, and a improved version of the original game. I would without a doubt recommend picking this up, especially if you are a fan of any of the other shadow warrior games."
,Recommended,225160,27656887,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,psyCtrl,"Fortune cookie says: ""Laugh and the world laughs with you. Cry and the world laughs at you.""After almost 20 years ""Shadow Warrior"" still manages to deliver good fast paced shooter action with mostly good map design, funny one-liners and katana-slicing ninja awesomeness!"
76561198063594343,Recommended,225160,27636010,"Posted: 26 November, 2016",all,[20th]Stranded in Motion,"-Start up a level, proceeding towards a Chinese restaurant-Who wanta some WANG!!!-Hmm... something smells good, my protagonist utters=encounter a♥♥♥♥♥♥frying (like actual feces-zero punctuation)-Plunge into a medkit and supply brimming room, get obliterated to pieces by an instantly spawning suicidal explosive demon-Load the last save, advance further-Get shredded by a rocket launcher toting fella who was just taking a♥♥♥♥♥♥from point blank range on toilets-Load another save again (loading is literally instantaneous), charge into a room, sustain horrendous pummelling from multiple enemies-somehow manage to survive-be scorched to death by fires emanating from the shrapnels of my own grenade launcher-Totally baffled by the cryptic level design-Reccuring evaporization due to a bunch of guys hurling blazing shuriken or whatever from the most whimsically strewn unpredictable  locations-Smash a ''secret'' switch on a wall-leap into a decorative fountain=assailed by a pack of feral flesh devouring Koi fosh-drown to deeath-Obtain a silver key from the bottom of the fountain pool- permeated with bullets as soon as I emerge from the splashing water-Reach the door requiring the key-open it-get compactly imprinted on the wall flatten by the door that I've just opened... Muffled grumbling simmers in distance...-Breach deeper into the rephrehensible noodles cooking compound-triggered a chain eruption of explosive barrels-Merrily reload-trot onwards....And that's how I've decided to sum up just a miniscule part of one mere level in the Wanton Destruction pack after succeeding in winning the base game on the higher difficulty and swooping through a handful of levels more than twice, nevertheless the amount of amusement could be labeled astonishing in the manner of Dark Souls and similar dubious twisted devices. In conclusion, given you relish hardcore fast paced action intertwined with devilishly sophisticated level design and harness the resistance to endure the racist, derogatory, ignominious humor, then I proclaim: Just buy it!!!"
,Recommended,225160,27924160,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,Aergan,Still as good today as it was back in the day.
76561198343874305,Recommended,225160,27920738,"Posted: 27 November, 2016",all,jollyjosh62,"This game is awesome, it plays great and always keeps me coming back."
,Recommended,225160,17669848,"Posted: 22 August, 2015",all,=BRC=TheWitchDoctor,"Shadow warrior was a blast to play, i love looking and uncovering the secrets in each level. this game holds a special place in my heart, here are somethings i love/hate about this game.+I love the level design for most levels.+all the weapons are useful expectially the smoke bombs.+lo wang's quotes, nuff said.+killing anime girls.-i like all the enemies besides rippers and those suicide bomber guys.-i hate hornets.-I hate hornets.-being shot by anime girls.this is obviously a great game and if you havent playing it i recommend buying right now and play it. (the file size for the game is pretty samll & plus the game is cheap.)"
,Recommended,225160,29196534,Posted: 11 January,all,sunpire,LOVE THIS GAME... AND I WILL TAKE AS MUCH WANG AS I CAN GET.Better than any modern fps... millennials do not know what they are missing.10 out of 10 classic
76561198038345237,Recommended,225160,28764787,"Posted: 28 December, 2016",all,ToFu,Just bought this game on steam sale and I am loving it. It worth every penny I spend. Have fun :)
76561198044708860,Recommended,225160,28831161,"Posted: 30 December, 2016",all,No_Label,"It is a very nice game, i wasn't disappointed at all.Graphics weren't bad at all."
76561197988367888,Recommended,225160,28914334,Posted: 1 January,all,⎛⎛LosTiger⎞⎞,"TL;DR: While Shadow Warrior itself is a pretty good classic shooter that still makes fun to play today, the Redux port isnt worth its money except on a sale(99 cents) because it only changes the Menue screen and lets you do minor customisation.Shadow Warrior (classic) is a pretty damn good shooter. The story is simple, the setting not. You have to avenge your master. But the setting is in a future neo-city setting with demons, monsters and future weapons!The difficulty is somewhat harder than compared to Duke Nukem, but the fun is the same. Only real mayor flaw of the game itself is the fact that in order to proceed in a level you often have to collect keycards, but some keycards are even harder to find than most of the secrets in the game.The jokes are basicly references to 1990s culture, movies etc. But some dirty jokes from Wang are pretty funny.But the Redux part isnt really worth it, you only get trading cards, new main menue , port to modern systems(it doesnt open dosbox anymore etc) and you can make some minor customisation , resolution and controles. Since there is also a free version on steam that runs on dosbox its basically your choice if you really want to pay extra money for extra changes, i did for 99 cents on a sale its O-K i would say.(Game itself) 8/10"
76561198077751359,Recommended,225160,29118160,Posted: 8 January,all,Funny Valentine,Still not sure if he's Chinese or Japanese
76561197967876062,Recommended,225160,29773315,Posted: 7 February,all,TopperHarley,"*Slight Edit:  just finished Duke Nukem 3D Megaton Edition. Shadow Warrior was actually more fun.  The weapons, levels and everything were more enjoyable.  Shadow warrior more than that I remember, Duke not as much fun as I remember.*Tons of fun!  While Duke Nukem 3D may have been more memorable for me, replaying Shadow Warrior reminded how much funnier Shadow Warrior was than Dukem Nukem 3D.  All the one liners taking advantage of Japanese accent.WHile some folks may not be a fan of the ""3D/Open GL/Direct3D""' makeover, I appreicated it.  The pixel graphics, while good for the time and nostalgic now are just difficult to see nowaways in a world of smoothed 3D style graphics.  The Redux edition enhanced my enjoyment.The main game's 2 episodes are the best.  The Wanton Destruction expansion was quite good.  I didn't enjoy the Twin Dragons expansion nearly as much.  Overall, I didn't really enjoy the level design of Twin Dragons as much as the rest of the game.  However, I didn't realize it until I played all the levels that I knew every single one of them.  I finally remembered that I knew them all because I played the heck out of this game over LAN.  Hours and Hours firing Nukes or other weapons at unsuspecting friends from the hidden secret rooms behind non-existent walls.  So Fun!!With that said, playing and completing Shadow Warrior and expansions led me down memory lane."
,Recommended,225160,18452164,"Posted: 13 October, 2015",all,Crawler,"Classic fun in the same vein as Duke Nukem 3D, absolutely ridiculous."
,Recommended,225160,29044929,Posted: 5 January,all,Sir Fucksalot the Third,"if you catch it on sale, don't hesitate and buy it. great fps, same creators as duke nukem so yeah, basicly the same just different character and visuals when it comes to enemies and placing. it's still kinda worth the ~10 price tag, but knowing it's almost always 99 cents on sale, it's better to wait.8/10 wangs*Just completed the game, including the two expansions. Gives you a total of 15 hours of gameplay."
,Recommended,225160,15906192,"Posted: 19 May, 2015",all,Mr. Tophat,Duke nukem playing as Genji in overwatch simulator
76561197963511798,Recommended,225160,29744737,Posted: 6 February,all,GreatWhite,How not to love this ???? .... you played games in the 80` .... then is Back to the good old time ....
76561198147216990,Recommended,225160,29650360,Posted: 2 February,all,Broken Soda Machine,This is like doom and duke nukem aka its fun as hell
,Recommended,225160,4323774,"Posted: 20 July, 2013",all,✪ Mantis,私は10歳以上でこのゲームをプレイしていませんが、私が子供のころにこのゲームが大好きでした。これは私の意見ではDuke Nukem 3Dよりも優れています。
76561198044140048,Recommended,225160,28085850,"Posted: 29 November, 2016",all,=(e)= Spat856,"I grew up with Doom but Ive never played or heard of Shadow Warrior as a kid, but I wish I did.Shadow Warrior Classic Redux has the same improvements that was done for Duke Nukem 3D Megaton Edition. This is pretty much the best port/version of the classic Shadow Warrior you can get right now. Well worth the $10.00 price."
,Recommended,225160,31520466,Posted: 3 May,all,JonnyLectron,"Play this game.Pros+Everything is intact just like in the original. Great port/re-release for modern systems.+Does not run in DosBox.+Low Spec PC's can handle this. I tested this game on an AMD C90 with 1GB of RAM and a 5400RPM HDD using the C90's intergrated GPU. Ran at a playable 30-40fps at 1280x720 without stuttering during gameplay.+Cheap fun. This is low buck fun, and worth more than the asking price.+Tons of little enhancements.Cons-Mouse acceleration is kinda touchy. You will need to tinker with your mouse settings both in game and in your OS. Tested on 4 systems running various OS's. 1 W7 32bit, 2 W10 64bit, 1 W7 64bit.Neutral~Sound FX are original. Would have been nice to hear better sound on modern hardware.TL;DR Buy this if you want to use a modern PC to play this amazing classic.9/10 Because mouse issues carried over to multiple PC's."
76561198370375711,Recommended,225160,32056353,Posted: 29 May,all,r.pasheek,Fizzucking love this game. So much fun a great way to spend some time
76561198094843808,Recommended,225160,32122487,Posted: 1 June,all,apere43,It's hot!
,Recommended,225160,14209934,"Posted: 28 January, 2015",all,みoƦƦoƦ ₣o父,"Hey everyone and this is my review about the game!This is a retro first person shooter game.Interface/Menu/SettingsYou are able to toggle the crosshair.You are able to toggle the level stats.There is a sound volume slidebar available.You are able to toggle off the sound.There is a music volume slidebar available.You are able to toggle off the music.There are some resolution sizes available.There is a brightness slidebar available.You can play the game in fullscreen or windowed mode.You can change the controls on your keyboard.You can play the game with a controller.There is a difficulty level available.About the game.This is a classic first person shooter game. If you are familiar with Duke Nukem 3D then you will understand the old HUD interface. You will have to fight your way through to the exit and collect Key cards to open certain doors. You may die pretty quickly compared to the Duke Nukem 3D but the game is alot of fun. There are also secrets and different weapons. The katana is usually a one-hit-weapon to most enemies but may not always be the best choice. You are able to pick up items and use them. Like Portable medkits, Grenades, traps and other things. There are bosses and mini-bosses/alot more stronger monsters.Has idle animations.There are secrets.Has funny lines.You got a map.You are able to carry and use items.Minor gore.Able to interact with some objects.Rabbit PórnThe true old classic shooter experience.Other things.The gameplay is almost the same as Duke Nukem 3D. If you are familiar with the game and you do like it. I am pretty sure you will also like this game.-------------------I Give this game a 8/10"
,Recommended,225160,35190998,Posted: 24 September,all,Silverkite,"I do remember playing Wolf 3d and dropping it cause I was tired of killing enemies,also skipping straight to the last one,turn god mode only to not end it cause uncle Adolf was a spongeI do remember buying Duke 3d,enjoying the very first level and returning it the day after cause the 2nd level was like the first one but booooooooooooooooooooring and The Duke was no more a funny personI completely not remember Doom cause a friend of mine had a demo and it was as boring as Duke 3dI maybe remember Quake especially Arena and how much I ignored it cause it was just a kangaroo courtI remember Unreal and the pixel graphics giving me motion sickness and throwing it awayI remember one more game that had more swords,shields and maybe bows than guns but his name escapes meShould have played this back in the day but I guess it got ignored due other titles being way more famous so I was not aware of his existenceGlad I've enjoyed it...20 years later"
,Recommended,225160,34926763,Posted: 13 September,all,Convenient Spider,"What I like to do is use my sword on every enemy and after a hard day's fight killing demons, I can either play Pachinko or watch rabbits f###! There's no other first person shooter that offers anything like this."
,Recommended,225160,35051848,Posted: 18 September,all,Tausendfüßler sind scheiße,"I did not play the non-redux Edition so I can't tell if it is any different, but my 1€ was spent well. Many secrets, very good gameplay and controls, a ♥♥♥♥♥♥ story as expected and some pseudo cool one liners make the game a pretty good experience.10 out of 12 possible long Wangs."
76561197965046644,Recommended,225160,35100221,Posted: 21 September,all,DarkSnakeSoul,A true classic. I remember playing this along side with Duke Nukem 3d...man has times past. I do recommend plaything to bring back some good memories or to see what the series looked like before the huge upgrade.
,Recommended,225160,35112815,Posted: 21 September,all,Citrus,"""Ahh, better than acupuncture."""
,Recommended,225160,35208858,Posted: 25 September,all,AustrAlien2010,"GAME PLAYYou travel to enemy filled levels, locate weapons, keys, and discover secrets. To win, you must finish all of these levels in linear progression. Levels are littered with traps, jokes, and environmental dangers.It has crude shooting and melee mechanics, and responsive controls.LOREYou are Lo Wang, a ninja. Who travels to imaginary Asian locations, endangering all who stand in his way. Including himself.The story and humor are rough. Filled with explosions, violence, gore and sadism.SKILLReplay value comes from secrets, and improving one's game. You can improve by recalling level layout, enemy and item placement, and by getting used to Lo Wang´s arsenal."
76561198216473356,Recommended,225160,35286819,Posted: 29 September,all,Ser Edward,"Shadow Warrior, in itself is a great game. Made in 1997, it is clearly an old school classic; as such, the original game is free on Steam. You could just simply download the game and enjoy it's entirety. But, with Shadow Warrior Classic Redux, it becomes a bundle with loads of benefits, these include: A polished version of the main game, all dlc included (this means 2 extra packages for the game that increase playtime massively), and a level editor; all for the low price of $9.99. I believe paying the $10 is absolutely worth it for this masterpiece of a game, enjoy hacking and slashing evil ninja warriors and finding secret treasures all with classic retro sound effects. Don't just experience Lo Wang, become Lo Wang."
