user_id,recommendation,app_id,review_id,date,type,username,review_text
,Not Recommended,225360,1568785,"Posted: 12 July, 2013",all,Tundra Scorpion,"I'm just going to say this right now, clear as daylight and leave no room for misinterpretation:This game is bloody horrible and I do not want to play another minute of this mess.The graphics aren't flattering, the animations are unpolished and stiff, the voice acting is an atrocity, the controls are clunky and difficult to use, the story is lax and just about everything is bad.Starting with the graphics, they use cell-shading like in Borderlands, but because of the stiff, robotic and lazy animations they do zero favors to the immersion.The voice acting is flat and monotone, which destroys any immersion that wasn't already squished flat by the animations. It doesn't help that the protagonist sounds like Shadow the Hedgehog after smoking six cartons of cigarettes. Eric Bane (the boring robot you play as) has amnesia, keeps getting random headaches that initiate a horrible cliche and unfinished ""omg im so sick"" animation cycle and you keep seeing some angel made out of light, that's all there is to Eric. He has no measurable personality whatsoever and he only exists to be bossed around by other bland and dislikeable NPCs. As evidenced by the scene where he learns he is a vampire, which pretty much goes like this: ""Bro you're a vampire"" ""no I'm not"" ""yes you are"" ""oh okay"".  Enemies in levels repeat the same two lines over and over, adding to the sensation that everyone in this game is an emotionless robot with unfinished programming.I haven't played very far into the game, but because it's so bad I'm never going to continue with it. Basically, you're a vampire and you're out to become a ""full-fledged vampire"" by finding and drinking the blood of the vampire who turned you into a vampire or some ridiculous rubbish like that. All the while that ""angel"" occasionally comes in and tries to give you words of encouragement, but basically she's another unfinished robot that bosses you around.The gameplay is even worse. Enemies can spot you almost instantly as you try to move from cover to cover, making stealth near impossible at some points while at others they are completely clueless. The Shadow Leap, which is DARK's version of Dishonored's Blink, is uneffective, has a terribly long cooldown, a painfully short range, attracts nearby enemies and the indicator is impossible to control. The ""vampiric powers"" all suffer from this same design flaw, they're all unecessarily difficult to control and in the long run are completely useless as a majority of them create noise that attracts all the patrolling robot-men in the area.So in summary, dissapointing comes nowhere near to describing DARK. It's a shameless and unfinished mess and there is no way that this heap of a game is worth $40.00. Do yourself a favor and play Dishonored if you want a good stealth game."
,Not Recommended,225360,12896134,"Posted: 11 November, 2014",all,Visi,"I wanted to like this game. I wanted to recommend it. I really did... but I can't. I just can't. When I first heard about DARK, prior to it's release, I was extremely excited. It was a promising concept... a vampire game that focused more on stealth than outright combat, but alas, it was not meant to be.DARK is a short, clunky trek through 6 chapters of repetition. It took me about 12 hours to complete the game my first time through (which I did on Hard), but I took my time through the chapters trying to kill every enemy, and left the game sitting paused several times, so my real time was probably closer to 10 hours or so. Again, that's my first playthrough, and on Hard, so make of that what you will. The game is exclusively single-player, and there's really no incentive whatsoever to play through the game a second time as there are no branching paths or decisions, and the individual ""challenges"" accessible from the main menu are pointless unless you're interested in leaderboards.The game features no real combat system. It's allllllllll stealth and stealth kills, unless you use your vampiric powers, but those are intended to be used from stealth as well. Speaking of powers, while they're fun to use for a while, they're largely irrelevant. You could make it through the game fairly easily without using any of them. When you do use them, they're incredibly powerful when maxed out (which can be done rather fast) despite having cooldowns, and make the game very easy. The AI is very, very simple and easy to out-maneuver throughout the entire game, and they all follow a set patrol pattern with no real variation.The story is poorly written and honestly barely even there. You're a vampire, with classic hero amnesia, and you have to find the person who turned you (or a powerful elder vampire) in order to avoid a horrible fate. Between the opening and the ending, there's very little else. Almost no character development whatsoever, not even for the main character, and a forced sort of last minute romance between your character and only other person in the game you know more than 2 or 3 things about. It's an odd feeling to listen to these characters and know that they're voiced by talented people, but have the writing be so bad. The protagonist Eric is voiced by none other than Doug Cockle, who voiced Geralt in the Witcher games, but even he can't hide the terrible writing. It's all rushed, vague, short, and flat out generic. Not to mention there is a colossal plot hole at the end of the game. Huge. I won't say it here for obvious reasons, but it's such a huge plot hole it's astounding they didn't notice, or didn't care. The other sounds aren't anything too special, but nothing really stood out as bad to me, except for a couple character's voices. Music is very meh, and I can't remember a single bit of it except for the same song that plays on a loop in the pseudo-hub you enter in the beginning of the game. It also features probably the lamest, easiest, most pathetic final boss any game has ever had ever.The graphics are stylized in a comic-book style, but are pretty bland outside of 3-4 fairly interesting areas. Outside of those limited sections, most of what you'll be going through are large rooms of offices or similar obstacles connected by small hallways or elevators. That is most of the game. The animations are absolutely atrocious. Your character's walking, crouching, running, etc animations aren't that bad, but everything else is. It all feels and looks clunky. Anytime you stealth kill a character it's there. If you feed on someone, every. single. time. you can see that Eric's lips aren't anywhere near the victims neck. It's just bad. Lip sync is also pretty off. With that said... I really liked the vampire vision. It's hard to describe, but the world is viewed in shades of white, purple, and black in this view, and you can see living things through walls and such as red silhouettes, and it kind of looks almost on fire, with everything moving and... well, it just looks cool. It also slows down time when you're using it, and there's no limit to it. It's probably the best thing about the game, but as cool as it is, that's kind of sad.Lastly, I have to mention the save system. The game auto-saves at certain parts thoughout the game, but it also gives you the option of manually saving a limited number of times. Two times, actually. Seems like a strange number of saves, but hey, once you get the hang of the game it's not too hard to rely on the auto-saves. Granted, it can be annoying to redo sections of the map because you made one mistake, but it's not too hard and with only two manual saves, what can you do? Well... press F5, actually. Yeah. Despite you having a limit on how many times you can save through the pause menu, you have unlimited use of the F5 quicksave. The game never tells you about F5, and it isn't anywhere in the options. Why? Why are there two separate ways of saving the game manually? Why is one way obvious and limited, and the other completely hidden but unlimited? It's a mystifying decision on the part of the developers and just another indicator of a rushed, sloppy game.Overall, DARK is a very underwhelming experience, and very disappointing to me personally. It's not necessarily a bad game... but it's very, very sub-par, and not worth anywhere near what it's priced at. I did have fun at some parts, but it was almost in a trance like state, like I had been tricked into not being bored. It's hard to describe. I can say that I don't regret my purchase, as I do like stealth games and vampire lore quite a lot, but I can't recommend anyone purchase it unless the game is around $10."
,Not Recommended,225360,10876289,"Posted: 27 June, 2014",all,Taco Head,"Let me just start out by saying that I have a very high tolerance for pain when it comes to bad entertainment. I enjoy bad B and Z movies like Slugs and anything on the SYFY channel. The very first computer games I owned were Phantasmagoria 1 & 2. I love it, no I live for it. I have bad taste and make no apologies for it. So when I saw that Dark was on sale for a little over 7 dollars I thought to myself ""How bad can it be, it's only 7 dollars."" How wrong I was. It would have been less of a waste of money if I went out and bought a Mc rib, and less♥♥♥♥♥♥too. I still can't believe that the makers of Tropico published this.Eric Bane starts the game by doing what he does best, never shutting up. Going on and on in his Rorschach like repetitive inner monologue that can be boiled down to ""I can't believe this, Is this really happening, Is this true?"" He finds out that he is a vampire with supper Nightcrawler powers the are kind of neat once you learn how to use them. But wait he's not a real vampire he's a half vampire, because he was drained of blood and didn't get blood form the one that made him. Also if he doesn't get this blood he will become an animal and have to be killed, but if he drinks the blood of an ancient vampire he will be fine. So vampires are made when a human has all of their blood drained? Then how are the vampires a secret? There must be thousands of these ghouls as they call them running a round, because they can only drink human blood. Are you telling me that all these years no vampire slipped up and drained a human while feeding? It's ok, because Rose, who wears lights in her hair for awesome fashion taste, tells me that she knows of an ancient vampire that runs the museum. He is decades old. DECADES OLD! I'm decades old, my dad is decades old, my grandma I guess would be supper ancient because she is going to be 100 this year. We also find out that becoming a vampire conveniently erases all memories of you pass. How all vampires aren't drooling idiots is anyone's guess.Eric then goes to talk to the other vampire whose name I have already forgotten, all I remember is that his accent was kind of like, sort of, maybe European, or Californian? I couldn't tell. It' bugged me. Mr. I don't know what kind of white person I want to be shows me how to use my powers by asking me to take care of a gang that is bothering the club members. This is a gang of old men bums. They stand around barrels with fire on them to keep warm with guns and mug people. So it was here that I learned how to use my powers and how to feed off of people, and that this is a stealth game and if I do not stealth really good I will get killed. Because everyone has guns in this world even the bums, I'm sorry GANG! It's really easy to miss or mess up a stealth kill and get everyone with in 5 miles to come kill you. I did kind of like the ideas of the  powers a bit, but from what I could see only 2 or 3 of them would really be useful in the end so no need for a replay to try out other powers. Not that I would ever what a replay. Yes the powers are kind of neat and I would have kept playing if not for the bad story and game play. Finding out how to drag a corpses was a pain. I guess Agent 47 is more of a vampire then Eric, because he can pick up bodies with ease, carry them, and put them in places where they can not be found. Eric on the other had has to be pushed form 3rd person view to 3rd person and drag the body to a place like behind a box. You can do this one of two ways facing to body to make sure that it doesn't get stuck on anything but risk getting stuck yourself, or with you back to the body so you can see where you are going risking having the body get stuck on something and spazzing out flopping around making nose that WILL alert anyone near by so they can come and shoot you.One thing I really hated in the tutorial was that while I was sneaking about I would suddenly have control taken from me and put where they wanted me to get the tutorial moving with out any warning. This was really bad with the healing part. Not just in how it was done, but also in how it looked. I was sneaking about when I am suddenly pulled with my back to the wall so I can peaked around it. A gang bum sees me and starts to shoot at me. It looks like me misses not because I see his bullets miss but because Eric didn't react at all. Then Eric rolls to behind a box and I am told I am hurt and need to heal. So I guess that all those bullets did hit Eric but he was to busy with his inner monologue to notice that he had been shot.Like I said before I like bad games. I'm not one to really rag on things like graphics and what not. If the game play or story are good I'll let it slide. Too bad Dark didn't have any thing good in it to distract me from the fact that everyone talks like they have their teeth wired shut. Even with that the lip movement didn't come close to matching what was being said. The camera had a bad habit of cutting to a new angle after every new line of badly voiced and written dialog sometimes jerking about in such a way that I didn't know what was going on. It gave me a headache talking to people and I don't know if it was the bad writing, the cheesy voice acting, or the spazzy camera work. Nothing about anything people do in this game feels natural or smooth. People stand in unnatural poses talking to you with mouth movements like they had just gotten back form the dentist and had teeth pulled, while their lips flap around in a way that would suggest they want to kiss you but chicken out at the last minute. Eric stands there with his fingers clawed and walks around like a gorilla on two legs. I don't know if his forearm is too long or if his elbow is broken because when he bends it it stick out a little to far. THIS GAME WAS MADE IN 2012! I have games that are almost a decade old that look more natural!After what felt like forever I was suddenly warped to museum. The pacing in this game is schizophrenic. Too slow then too fast with no build up. Eric started to monolog and then he was talking on the radio to Rose. I could not tell where the monolog ended and the conversation started. I turned off the game, and thought about how I had wasted 7 dollars and what I could have bought that would have been better. After a bit of reflection I uninstalled the game and went to play Vampire the Masquerade: Bloodlines."
,Not Recommended,225360,9948429,"Posted: 26 April, 2014",all,Bone Jack,"Aug 14 2014 EDIT:It seems this review is getting downvoted a lot, most likely because of the humorous way I attempted to describe the game. In a more serious tone, I would like to add just this; This game is a huge combination of MULTIPLE things I like: Vamps, Stealth, Proggression, Doug Cockle (Voice Actor) and a few other things. It doesn't matter HOW low of standards you have, or how many things you think you can overlook in this game. I PROMISE that you WILL find something that makes you regret ANY amount of money you spent on this game. If you don't believe me, buy it and comment with your own review.I would have rather spent $2.39 on off brand Wal-Mart Strawberry Preserves, in the glass jar, (which is roughly 7 dollars less than I wasted on this game), cover it in Astroglide lubricant, and stick it in my♥♥♥♥♥ Then I'd squeeze my cheeks until the glass shattered in my ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥, and caused internal hemorrhaging. As I lay there in pain, I'm 100% certain that I'd have enjoyed spending that money on an INFINITLEY better experience and product than I had/spent on this game.I wanted this game so badly, but could never afford it. Finally, I grabbed it on sale for 9.99. I'm an impulse buyer when it comes to Steam, and I've bought a crap ton of games that I've been less than pleased with.This fuc*ing game though. THEY DIDN'T EVEN MAKE AN ANIMATION FOR YOU TO CHANGE DIRECTIONS WHEN YOU RUN. You think its not a big deal until you play. The first 10 minutes of the game takes you through a club, that has all types of graffiti and hipster soccer moms dancing in it. During this part of the sequence, I realized that the entire game is one giant runon sentence. Like, as soon as one sentence ends, the next character IMMEDIATELY starts talking. Its so damn annoying. Why even pay voice actors to voice it when you just ruin it.Next, (also in the club, since its the only part I could bring myself to waste my life on) I danced with a blonde girl in a black dress. I felt good about myself. THEN, I SAW THE SAME BLONDE GIRL'S MODEL RECYCLED 11 TIMES WITHIN 20 FEET OF EACHOTHER. THEY AREN'T EVEN FUC*ING ZOMBIES!!!! RESIDENT EVIL 2 ON THE N64 DIDN'T EVEN RECYCLE MODELS THAT BAD!!!tl;dr - The only good part about this game is closing it out and uninstalling it."
,Not Recommended,225360,7791671,"Posted: 27 November, 2013",all,WookieeGoldberg,"Full of brilliant ideas, but from what I've played, those ideas have been poorly executed alongside aweful AI."
,Recommended,225360,873465,"Posted: 15 August, 2013",all,Soundcreepy,"1. Don't get high expectations, its made by a small 19 person team and it shows. Animation, voicing, writing, its all sub-par. That being said its pretty fun (and hard) gameplay wise.2. It is not a RPG. It has small RPG elements, but its more a action/third person stealth fighter.3. Do not get at full price. At the time of this writing its on sale at 19.99, that is a decent price if you like challenging stealth games, if not, wait till it hits 10 or you will feel like you over-paid.Just please, if you do get it, play longer than chapter 2. I see sooooo many people saying the game sucks and only making through (or to) chapter 2. If your going to knock a game, at least beat it............"
76561197962219853,Not Recommended,225360,7836093,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,Cybercifrado,"The game could have been amazing, as the premise showed quite a bit of promise.  Instead, it is a collection of cookie-cutter conversations, stale animation and horribly unbalanced powers.  Not worth it."
,Not Recommended,225360,9495600,"Posted: 15 March, 2014",all,-PtK-lol1759,"Its rare that a game has any significant effect on the way I go about doing things. As you can likely guess, this game is one of those select few that managed to do so.As a result of purchasing this game (an impulse buy for 6USD), I've completely stopped buying games without throughly investigating the quality beforehand.It physically hurts to play this game. I've recorded the first hour and put it up on YouTube as well as linking the videos to the Steam Community Page, give them a look and spare yourself the pain of having to look at those four taunting letters in your Library.EDIT**Here's a link to the gameplay:https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IOugXMLqlE4"
,Not Recommended,225360,7830055,"Posted: 29 November, 2013",all,CosmicHobo,"From the wonky controls, brain destroying sound track, and annoying dialogs this game will have you quitting in the first few moments. Even if you can stick with it just past the intro, you are not rewarded. Instead you are punished with terrible combat. The idea is great, but thats about it. This game has literaly turned me off Kaylpso. If you are a fan of the firm, stay away, or you will probably hate them for what they've done to you."
76561198067377643,Not Recommended,225360,24643130,"Posted: 31 July, 2016",all,Pander,"No no no no no no no no no no no no. Don't even consider buying this game. I spent $40 on this garbage(I bought it a while after It's realese). It is just all around bad. The plot, the characters, the voice acting, the gameplay, this is just a disgrace. Don't waste your money on this."
,Recommended,225360,8587363,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,rezzzman,"I felt compelled to write a review for Dark mostly because I saw so many bad reviews. From what I can tell, there are primarily two types of people that hate this game: People who paid $50 for it and stealth game enthusiasts who were looking for another stealth game to play. While stealth is the primary combat tactic in Dark, Dark should be described as a vampire game that happens to use some stealth... rather than a stealth game where you happen to be a vampire. So if you are reading this review and you don't play a lot of stealth games, but you like Vampire games, then you will probably like Dark.  Overall, this is a solid game if you can get it for $10. I would say $20, but with a 7 to 9 hour campaign, it is really hard to justify $20. Especially when you can buy Vampire The Masquerade Bloodlines for $20 and it will give you 140+ hours easy. Details:Sound:The protagonist is voiced by Doug Cockle, the same guy who did Geralt of The Witcher series. Personally, I think he makes a great vampire: dark and mostly devoid of emotion. However, people looking for an emotional vampire that sparkles are not going to be happy.Overall Voice audio and acting quality were fine. (English version of the game). The main issue with the voice acting came into play when you had dialogues between the Protagonist and NPCs.The voice audio was recorded in sentences and when they played back those sentences during the game, they didn't put in any pause between them. Thus most conversations have the NPC responding way too quickly to sound natural. Like 1 gigantic run-on sentence spoken by two different people. This could probably be fixed with a patch.Graphics:Texture wise, Dark has a comic book like styling, with a thick black border around every object and NPC.  (Borderlands style). It gives the game a retro feel. Some people like it, some people don't.The developers put a LOT of detail into the environments. Each map is also relatively unique: High tech sky rises, Gothic Churches, Ancient Crypts, Woods, Modern Museums, Castles... . This helps keep the game from getting old. NPC models and animations are one of the games main weakness. The models feel like they are low quality, though that may be a side effect of the texture styling.Plot:The plot, at a cliff notes level, was actually better than most games I have played. I don't know if that means Dark has a good story or if most video games simply have horrible plots. Unfortunately the presentation of the plot was not done as well as it could have been. I already talked about the dialogue issues above. Plot also arrives in the form of intercepted PDAs and Emails during missions (Deus Ex style). But the game has no means of accessing the old messages. And then there are a number of Bink video that summarize  events I would have rather played through than seen in a video.Game play:Dark is a linear, mission based game. You start off the game in a night-club called Sanctuary. Sanctuary becomes your ""home base"", and you return to it between missions throughout the game. Within Sanctuary you find 4 other friendly vampire NPC's who give you your missions. Then you teleport off to a mission map. When the mission is over, you get a Bink video showing you a comic book like rendering of events with the protagonists voice describing what happened and then you re-appear in Sanctuary. Rinse and repeat.The game takes about 9 hours to complete (12 if you reload a lot).For people looking for a VTMB type game, know this: While Dark pays homage to VTMB through some of its environments and background music, it is not like VTMB at all. Dark is very linear. There is no city to wonder around in and find side-tasks. The dialogues are sparse and have no impact on the games events or ending.Combat:At the end of each map, you get an XP bonus equivalent to killing about 30 NPCs if you manage to complete the map without setting off an alarm. If someone so much as consciously registers your presence, that sets off an alarm. So there is big incentive to play stealth (and reload when you get caught), though technically you don't HAVE to. I played stealth and really enjoyed the combat. Then again, I do not normally play stealth games.Other:Game natively supports various 3D rendering modes, many of which don't even require any special hardware. Even has an option for the old school Red/Blue movie glasses.  I suspect the game is much cooler when taking advantage of this feature."
76561198068461809,Not Recommended,225360,9876579,"Posted: 19 April, 2014",all,Fuck off melon,"I have played the game for a short round(69 min). STAY AWAY FROM THIS GAME.>The game does not run on a performance gaming system on outdated graphics with it set to 30-20 fps or lower.>Awkward cutscenes that will give you laughs.>Bad AI when it comes to stealth.>Dialogue that was made by a 9th grade jockey>Horrible animation.This is clusterf*ck game that deserves a good rating and that rating is 3/10this is an unfinish, rushed and terrible game.*aggressively closes book* I Rest My Case."
,Not Recommended,225360,12248773,"Posted: 26 September, 2014",all,N7_Verita,"The idea is decent but the story itself is just horrible. Every few feet, there's a new monotone narration that has no reason for being there at all. Every voice actor sounds bored or tired, and the dialogue alternates between pointless and cliche. And there's a lot of dialogue. Or maybe it's so bad it just feels like a lot. The controls handle okay and some of the powers are pretty great, but it's all dragged down whenever anyone's lips start flapping like a bad anime dub. You end up rolling your eyes at most of the characters just because what they say, and how, is so ridiculous.Stay away from this one. Save your money. Unless you want a great example of okay gameplay dragged down by dreadful writing."
,Recommended,225360,2380042,"Posted: 6 September, 2013",all,Rascilon,"DARK is one of those titles that shows so much promise but falls just short of being a the solid stealth game it could be.  The core mechanics are actually quite enjoyable and reminiscint of the considerably better Dishonored.  Your character is easily dispatched if discovered, but has an assortment of skills that aid in remaining undetected and moving quickly.  Unfortunately the game is marred by some very poor voice acting by several of the npc characters as well as having a narrative that seems to meander while presenting dubious motivations for the main character to continue onward.  The challenge mode is a nice extra, but considerably difficult for even experienced stealth players.  Widescreen, controller steam overlay and achievements are natively supported.  DARK is a worthwhile game for fans of the genre, but probably not worth full price."
76561197968555056,Recommended,225360,32517405,Posted: 17 June,all,jaffa_geronimo,"i bought the game during a steam sale and long after it has been released so 0 day bugs (if existent) have not affected me.i played the game on normal difficulty and compared to e.g. deus ex it is quite challenging.if you lack patience it would be better to start it on easy - afaik the difficulty only defines the amount of save games and it can be changed during the game.sometimes there are quite large areas, the people you have to eliminate or walk around are pretty good ""synchronized"" when doing their patrols and you have limited save games. imho this combination make this game quite challenging but also interesting.cons:some control issues e.g. when using the leap and it is not marking the spot u want to jump toenemies spawning behind or aside you when triggering an alarm (but i encountered it only twice - maybe a map bug?)corpse moving may strain your nervesnevertheless it was a quite challenging game with an interesting story and - equipped with a lot of patience - it was a nice game to play."
76561197994029265,Recommended,225360,24385473,"Posted: 18 July, 2016",all,Domar,"You play as Eric Kane, a man who wakes in a nightclub with extreme vertigo and nausea and no knowledge of his past except for his name, he is quickly informed that he has become a vampire and must find his creator before he descends into a feral ghoul, but frequent extreme headaches accompanied by a mysterious angelic creature giving him advice hints at something even more important going on.If you think this is interesting, you're going to be disappointed. This game has a LOT of problems.Firstly, there's absolutely nothing inventive about it, the stealth mechanics, amnesiac story line, revolving around vampires, you have likely seen every single thing in it in other works before, that can be fine if it's all implemented correctly, it isn't.While is game is pretty, there's a lot of points where it seems they just decided not to fix obvious graphical issues, when Eric is running(his normal movement) and you turn, he instantly is facing the direction you wanted to turn to, yes, there is seriously no turning animation while running, it appears rather comical and completely undermines any serious moments.The developers just seemed to not care what the dialog portions looked like, most of the points when you're talking face to face with Rose have the camera jumping around the room suddenly and frequently, it is very disorienting, there was one point when Rose was suddenly levitated off the floor for about a foot and then proceeded to land and keep talking like nothing happened. When guards rush into a room Eric will instantly teleport to a point where they can't immediately see him, but will exit stealth, I know it takes me to a place where they can't spot me instantly but I really just want to shout at Eric and tell him to stop standing up right when his enemies show up in a stealth based game.The characters are...just there, they obviously tried to give them something to set them apart, but they end up falling into tropes anyway, the security manager at the club talks like a frat boy for some reason, I kept watching for him to try and haze me. Rose is basically your support through the game, she's not only a beautiful vampire with large breasts and only wears very revealing clothing, but is the owner of a night club AND a super hacker, immediately wants to help you with all of your troubles upon meeting you and starts flirting with you within the same night you met her(admittedly, the last two there happen in a lot of games, and movies, and everything), have you heard anything that sounds more like a nerd fantasy woman? I haven't.The main character is an amnesiac who talks like Christian Bale's Batman, every line has to forcefully be uttered in the lowest voice possible for whatever reason, though, Deus Ex: Human Revolution had the same fault(minus the amnesiac factor) so I guess I can't really judge it on this too harshly, but there's absolutely no depth to him, he wakes up, decides to not die, that's it. EXCEPT for his reluctance to kill unarmed humanas, for some reason he's absolutely fine with slaughtering a hundred security guards, but a guy with no gun? That's morally reprehensable! There were a few guys near the end of the first area that showed they were complicit in terrible things, but you don't know that beforehand, and it certainly doesn't apply everywhere, you just kill guys that are at work. Maybe the developers were trying to make a point somewhere in there, but it just turns out hypocritical, two people hired by the same company, one given a gun, another isn't, it's fine to kill one of them, though the other is a danger too(unarmed npcs will alert armed ones if they spot you).The writing ranges from not very good to absolutely terrible, with characters responding like someone said a different line every so often, two examples of ""What were they thinking when writing this?"" are when Eric first finds a UV lamp, he immediately calls in to Rose and asks what it is, she immediately tells him to stay far away from it, so he proceeds to stick his hand in, remark that it hurts a lot, and asks how dangerous it is. I don't understand this, my niece repeatedly wanted to touch an open flame when she was 5 years old, she has since grown out of that, the writers perhaps have not?There's a PDA in the Geocorp building that has someone suspicious of activity in the garden area...his only proof? That it was cleaned without guests coming by, is he from Planet Slob?While there really isn't much depth or interesting material in the story, if you're still interested in finding every little tidbit, well too bad for you, there's a bug that causes the PDAs you pick up to (very often)close instantly and prevent you from reading them, there's no codex or anything to go into in order to read collected ones either, I suppose you could just keep reloading until it decides to display the content of the PDA, but I suggest just taking XP and moving on.As for the combat...there isn't any, it's all stealth, despite being a super fast(not really) and strong(nope) vampire(well, half-vampire) you have absolutely zero melee attacks except for biting, you never pick up guns or any other weapons, either sneak and kill them without alerting anybody or reload, because a single guy with a gun with absolutely ruin you(you are still as fragile as a normal human, I guess).What you DO have on your side are the powers, and my god Shadow Grip is so overpowered, when fully upgraded you will instantly kill someone across the room without making any noise and the body is instantly disposed of.Shadow Leap is your basic power, but I found it slow and lacking in range, also very difficult to target it on the position you want, I wanted to teleport down a floor off the edge of a balcony, but the cursor kept snapping to the wall nearby on the floor I was on.Possibly the worst thing in the game is the weirdly placed invisible walls, why have them in a stealth game? Large open areas under staircases are completely impassable(despite being clearly great hiding spots), when over halfway down a staircase with no railing you aren't allowed to just walk off the side of it as a slight shortcut, I don't know why.Another gripe I have about it is the angelic visions subplot *Spoilers* It goes absolutely nowhere, you're getting hints from this angelic figure of pure light through the course of almost the entire game, then at one point the visions change so the angel's wings are no longer connected, but segmented and floating a distance away from it, I thought this had some kind of significant meaning to it, but after two of the segmented wing angel appearances it went back to the normal angel. I had assumed at one point the M-17 organization was somehow sending Erik orders via this apparition, which was backed up by the end of the first Steiner event, but I realized the glowing white figure between the M-17 agents didn't have wings then, during all the chats with the boss lady of M-17 there's absolutely no reference to sending him messages, so it effectively opens up this big theme of the game and just never follows up. *End Spoilers*So...yeah, this game has a large number of flaws to it, but even with that sneaking through an area really feels genuinely rewarding, my verdict is to get it if you like stealth but not if you want a story."
,Not Recommended,225360,4704934,"Posted: 4 July, 2013",all,Renmaru,"DON'T BUY THIS... seriously it's not worth 40 bucks, not even worth the discount I got pre-ordering this game. I wanted to like it I really did but the controls felt clunky, I suppose I could try a controller but it's hard enough to aim my teleport ability... The cutscenes feel messy, with the camera not seeming to know if it should stay in one place or not. On normal difficulty you can barely even make so much as one mistake without having 4 guards pin you down in a corner. Oh and don't even think about using teleport to clsoe the gap since you know they have guns and you don't and you need to be at the perfect range staring right at them to kill them. I can't stress this enough, this game is not worth 40 bucks or even 30... The story seemed decent I suppose but I couldn't focus on it since the controls were driving me mad!"
,Not Recommended,225360,21743486,"Posted: 10 March, 2016",all,Blazebeak🔥,"Nice concept, being a vampire. But the game was made poorly unfortunately."
76561198035320428,Recommended,225360,28015238,"Posted: 28 November, 2016",all,Xiven,"DARK was, for me, at least, one of those impulse buys that payed off. You get it on sale, give it a chance, and it turns out to be pretty good. The story is decent, the characters look, sound and act like proper characters, and the gameplay is alright.The overall visual aesthetic is what drew me, as well as, you know, vampires. This game is more modern than, say, Vampire: The Masquerade - Bloodlines, a lot more user-friendly, but plays much more differently. For example, you really aren't supposed to fight. Combat is bad news bears. You can't just go around exploding guys without attracting inordinate trouble. Although, that is where I feel the game struggles: you're meant to avoid all conflict, except for some mandatory fights. This means a lot of pattern memorization and trial-and-error saving. And that's alright, if you like that sort of thing, but it's considerably less forgiving than a lot of other stealth games, as, well, the enemies seem to know what they're doing.Most reviews seem to be in the realm of, ""I played for five minutes and was repulsed."" Well, to be fair, this was one of the first games I ""perfected"" on Steam, and it was worth it. It wasn't amazing, it wasn't a triple-A title, but the art style was fantastic (Especially that blood fountain. Eenf.), the graphics were pleasing, finding all the little collectables felt fairly rewarding, and the Steam rewards (Badges, Backgrounds) are hawt.I'm just saying, if this is on sale, and you like dark settings mixed with pretty lights, it may appeal to you."
76561198116745143,Recommended,225360,25937757,"Posted: 8 October, 2016",all,Tyrranus,"Okay, so this game isn't as terrible as many reviewers have tried to paint it to be. That said, its not that good either. Everything this game tries to do, from atmosphere and graphics on down, Vampire the Masquerade: Bloodlines did 500% better ten years earlier.Frustrating? Yes.Horrible Voice Actor for the main character? Gods yes.Stiff animations? Yes.Clunky controls? Yes.Laughable AI? Most definitely.But past that there is still fun to be had here. The story isn't overly original thus far, and uses as many classic Vampire tropes as it can wedge in, but its just interesting enough to make it worth playing.I'd never suggest anyone paying the full $15 for it, there is just not enough good about it to warrant that price. I could see spending $5 or less on it if you're looking for something new to kill time on and enjoy a plot. Honestly I would suggest flipping it on easy, looking up a cheat program and just playing for the story, otherwise this game will likely make you want to put your fist through your monitor and sue Kalypso for having lost sanity and IQ points permanently to the flaws."
,Recommended,225360,21287567,"Posted: 17 February, 2016",all,JJayerson,Fun stealth action game as a vampire.  Game was challenging on Hard difficulty.  Definitely worth the purchase.  Id say buy it on sale.  But if you arent already doing that here on Steam.  You're doing it wrong.
76561198057192388,Recommended,225360,20075766,"Posted: 29 December, 2015",all,vampirenightjayce,It's worth it if it's on sale. Dark looks great and has an interesting but short story. Gameplay is alright. Stealth is good for the most part but not as in depth as it should be. Vampire powers are very fun to use but towards the end of the game you're pretty much invincible. Voice acting and dialouge can be pretty bad at times but not enough to quit playing. I would love to see a sequel and more lore about this world.
,Not Recommended,225360,8103602,"Posted: 18 December, 2013",all,Vicious,"DARK is not worth it's full asking price. Only get it if it is 50% or more off. It is very short and the story is sub-par. DARK's story suffers plot holes everywhere. (sort of spoiler) One example being that Eric was turned into vampire by having all the blood drain from him. Yet through the course of the game I probably drain 50+ enemies and they did not turn into vampires. As the gameplay element is entirely stealth.This is makes the game very challenging and the only reason I played through to the end. (spoilerish) The final boss fight is more like you just running around trying not to die before a big friendly button appears that you push and win. It is a very anticlimatic and terrible ending. The only two reasons I would recommend this game is if you have absolutely run out of games to play and there is a steam sale on; The second reason is the difficulty, clearing a room while remaining undetected is a very rewarding feeling. Mostly because of how many bloody time you have relaoded a save file."
,Not Recommended,225360,33551559,Posted: 14 July,all,JurgenJuggernaut,"Score 5.6/10 Deficent, Rushed, Unpolished.If you are a hardcore stealth gamer this game will dissapoint you, as far as I have read comments about they say its an easy game, If you like vampires then you will enjoy a lil bitting people and using some cool powers, analogy: as a popcorn movie, you watch them once only, is the same for this game one play time and done. Not that there is much replayability.Short description of what the game is about:You are a half vampire with amnesia, you have amnesia due recently converting into a vampire. And you need the blood of the vampire that ""created"" you or you will become a ghoul.Graphics 8/10Well yes I know its too high, but I really like the style of videogames with this kind of graphics, are not the most realistic but the have a touch like the videogame ""wolf among us"".However if you dont like the style, well is not for you.Gameplay 5/10Well to start with, I dont like stealth games in general, im more like kill everybody or charge from the front gate. The game tends to be the same in each scenario, with just increased dificulty due some additions. If you dont like stealth games or if you like them probably either way you wont like it. If there wasnt any vampire power the game would be very boring....Story 4/10.....And Im giving a little too much, I dont know what did the writers tought when they wrote the story but its crap, they dont go deph in the characters personalities, there isnt any psicological progress. There aint choices just a single path to go, there are a few lose ends and many other things that were badly developt."
76561198028942908,Not Recommended,225360,8046935,"Posted: 14 December, 2013",all,Raziel,"An otherwise decent idea for a game executed quite poorly. AI that sometimes doesn't do what it's meant to (an objective is being watched, you fail if you are seen, and they won't walk away as designed consistently etc) I've also experienced numerous technical glitches like crashes and audio freezing entirely for no reason that simply requires additional restarts. The voice acting is unfortunately as bad as the actual written lines are. There are words that are misused entirely in fact... Makes listening to it difficult and worse paying attention to the characters and story difficult.The other problem with the narrative is this game right off the bat relies on the ""Sorry Mario, the Princess is in another castle,"" line that I was tired of by the 3rd game of that same series. At least Mario is endearing... This is just tough.On the bright side, the powers are cool ideas and work relatively effectively when everything is going smoothly. The leveling system is basically what you find in Deus Ex: HR in so you earn experience to get points which are spent in a square grid tree of upgrades. There are 3 trees, but only 1 has more than 4 basic abilities in it. Each does have numerous upgrades though which aid in the ease of gameplay significantly. This is helpful because, this game is actually quite challenging. Early on you are offered little strengths against the massive waves of enemies you face, making it easy to be seen and get killed. Over time, overcoming the obstacles becomes much easier in general, however the game at times likes to strip away the strength you have gained in favor of rechallenging you.All in all due to the series of bugs, poor dialogue and story, and gameplay that only works sometimes, I wouldn't really recommend DARK to anyone but the most intrepid of collectors of vampire based stealth/action genre."
,Not Recommended,225360,7989147,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,Johnny,"Terrible. I feel like playing Deux Ex Human Revolution, modded by a wannabe-goth-teen, with the best features of Deux Ex gameplay made crap. Now I bought it, I ought to play it. But if you don't care about all the ""vampire-in-a-danceclub-dark"" feeling and theme, stick with Deux Ex, which is way darker than this."
76561198116396232,Recommended,225360,34071824,Posted: 6 August,all,Lt. Low Self Esteem,"This game is fun and challenging; I think these mixed reviews don't do it justice. That being said, it is not without it's flaws.Pros:+Vampires+The stealth is well thought out and requires time and patience+Tight and responsive controls+Wide array of powers+Different and fun enviornmentsCons-The story is ""eh""-Let's just say, if you have played Castlevania LOS and LOS 2 or VTMB, the voice acting is legues below them-Despite the wide array of powers, only a handful of them are usefulI'm probably one of the first to say this, but I want a DARK 2."
,Not Recommended,225360,10164967,"Posted: 18 May, 2014",all,Lysandher,"I wanted to like this game, really, even with the poor reviews.  It went on sale so I bought it.  I have to say, I actually like most aspects of the game, however you should still pass on this game!  The stealth mechanic is fine, but once you are spotted you are almost guaranteed to die.  There are no checkpoint saves and you get limited save games per level.  This turns what should be a fun challenge into an impossible nightmare, even on normal difficulty!Tried, tried, and tried again - once you get past the first couple of levels, your powers definitely make things easier, although I often still died regularly!  I actually pushed through and finished the game; odd final boss battle!Overall I give it a 4/10.  If you have patience and are willing to suffer through the early game, then this could be for you - as long as it is on sale!"
76561198082399466,Not Recommended,225360,7813416,"Posted: 28 November, 2013",all,Sir Sapphire,"This game is just horrible! It's way too hard and stupid because your powers need to recharge with blood that you need to suck from victims, the victims being a lot in a room (cops) and it can be outraging trying to get them! This game is way too expensive for the poor storyline, the playthrough and the graphics! I haven t finished it and i don t intend to! i give it a 3/10"
76561197970991907,Not Recommended,225360,9989026,"Posted: 1 May, 2014",all,Tamttai,"What starts good becomes bad very fast. The protagonist has very few moves that become boring after the first mission. Sadly, the check point system is even worse, making you retry and retry again and again because either you make a slight mistake or because the game glitches an enemy.Moreover there is not a lot of interaction with the environment. This could have been a very nice game. But it isnt."
,Not Recommended,225360,10060943,"Posted: 9 May, 2014",all,Obvious,"DARK is ostenisbly a game in the same vein (ha! puns) as Troika Games 2004 ""Vampire: The Masquerade - Bloodlines"". To the point it borrows heavily in both premise and gameplay.Bloodlines, while buggy and shipped too early, is arguably one of the greatest shooty RPGs ever, along with Deus Ex. It featured a deeply woven narrative, excellent writing, strong characters, intrigue and politics - all dark themes with just the right amount of black comedy.There was a heavy emphasis on character customisation allowing for numerous solutions and pathways, from combat to stealth to social interaction.DARK is essentially the stealthy bits of VTM:B made into a full game - and it doesn'tquitework.It's a serviceable stealth game, many of the powers aid strongly with traversing and avoiding enemy line of site, and there's some ""updates"" to the mechanics of VTM:B that tailor it heavily in this fashion, eg the Auspex ability in DARK blows Bloodline's out of the water.There's even aDishonored-style teleport jump to close in on enemies and get around their line of site, and all attacks from stealth are a 1-hit-kill.But without the ""other options"" of social, straight combat, etc that VTM:B had, there's a lot of redundancy in the playstyle and this is especially typified in the skill tree.An example - for the same investment of experience points, you can have an ability that insta-kills an enemy and hides the body. Or that puts the enemy temporarily to sleep.Unlike VTM:B there's no in-game benefit for sparing lives, and greater experience rewards are earned from killing enemies, especially unalerted enemies. So why take the power that lets you sneak up on an enemy to kill them, when you can just kill them outright, stealthily, AND hide the body?Little lack-of-thought moments like this are rife through the game and many of the stealth-sections are arduous guard-watching. Not a lot of thought or planning, just wait the seconds until the guard turns his back and snap his neck before continuing.The voice acting's terrible, the plot is weak, the characters are one note and the general format is borrowed so heavily from VTM:B that it might as well not be its own game but a mod and collection of maps.On the positive, the art-style's nice and overall the stylized toon-shader gives the whole thing a comic-book feeling, and when the stealth works, it really does work, it just so rarely works.Really, it isn't abadgame, it's just that there's better out there. Play through VTM:B as a Nosferatu instead and get a better game experience overall."
,Not Recommended,225360,10329203,"Posted: 2 June, 2014",all,Typherion,"Has a wonderful concept, that makes vampires hardcore again. Pretty standard for stealth games, however it doesnt give you much of a way to defend yourself if you are discovered. I would not recommend paying full price for it, as there are better stealth games out there that are better done, and cheaper. If you are really into vampire and/or stealth games, then it may be worth looking into, otherwise your time and money are better spent elsewhere."
,Not Recommended,225360,10474930,"Posted: 14 June, 2014",all,Alixe Tiir,"This game tries to be a linear stealth game with the added gimmick of vampire powers. It fails miserably. NPCs often see you when they shouldn't be able to, and most of the powers are more fun to when used in a slaughterhouse fashion.The graphics are stylized, but pretty, although the dialogue is cheesy."
,Not Recommended,225360,9713039,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Insidia,"Sorry can't defend them with ""it's only a small company with two dozen people"". That's more than enough for an independant publisher.To put it simple a team of 20 could and do put out better games on the Unity engine in there spare time."
,Not Recommended,225360,8155130,"Posted: 20 December, 2013",all,nox,This game has a repetitive gameplay and a very simple story.
76561198031827306,Not Recommended,225360,24802088,"Posted: 9 August, 2016",all,Forsparda,"Unbalanced Stealth mechanics, cheap guard placement, and unforgiving difficulty.  The Voice acting is amazingly bad in that ""I could listen to this for hours"" kind of way but really if thats the case for you just watch a lets play this is just insane"
,Not Recommended,225360,7642549,"Posted: 12 November, 2013",all,Candy Danii 💘,"Don't, ♥♥♥♥ing, get this, I wasted 20 bucks on this while it was on sale, and i'm regretting it, the fighting is pure ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥t, as well as the stealth, and even when you feed off of people it isn't anywhere as nice as what you think it would be, story is really ♥♥♥♥♥♥, I never even found out how it goes, just don't waste any money on it."
,Not Recommended,225360,11300906,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,baka_maaku,"Dark is an uniquely unco action game with a skill tree progression system that we think qualifies as 'RPG elements'. The quality of the animation in cut scenes, along with the low budget voice overs, make this game truly horrifying.10/10 wouldn't play again."
76561198007523406,Not Recommended,225360,7904412,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,WolfPAX,It's as if they realized that it was too short and up'd the difficulty to make you have to try and try again.  Some of the pasive 'powers' are functionally null...as in they seem to do nothing.  Even at the strongest level some of the active powers are just barely useable.
,Not Recommended,225360,7897760,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Z?,"This game is a sad waste of potential. For the first 30 minutes I wondered why everyone had given it such terrible reviews. Then I got to the museum (the first real scenario) and realized why.You are a vampire, right? Well, don't expect to suck any ♥♥♥♥ing blood, because the feed mechanics are TERRIBLE. If an enemy sees you at all, it's next to impossible to feed on them. This means that all those pretty vampire abilities that require blood points are useless.Do NOT expect any cool combat. There is no punching or kicking, and no way to engage in any combat. You cannot jump. If the enemy notices you, they simply move out of range of your left-click-instakill, and you are dead after about 3 bullets. This should almost be lumped in with puzzle games since the only way to succeed is to not be noticed. EVER. Vampire the Masquerade: Bloodlines has far better combat than this game, and that is saying a lot.I wanted to like this game so bad, and it had SO much potential, but you will hate yourself forever if you pay more than $10 for this game, because you are going to enjoy it for about 10 minutes tops."
76561198035918785,Not Recommended,225360,4356162,"Posted: 26 July, 2013",all,Xenos,"...Don't bother. Seriously. I knoiw it looks tempting, but the guards have next to no AI, your HP is worthless and the powers are only useful as fixes to stupid design choices."
,Recommended,225360,26548744,"Posted: 11 November, 2016",all,D i s a p p o i n t m e n t,"Definitely good on a sale for 5 bucks plus DLC. Sad that the DLC isn't continuing off the original storyline stats. Both stories could have gone on longer, I loved this game. When I close my eyes I can still see the fighting under my eyelids. The song in the preview video is the only one in the game which just repeats itself. Had some bugs which was frustrating with the first boss. Had to get a hang of which vampire perks were the best in order to pass the game which I got the hang of on my first restart of the adventure. Had me on edge, wanting that 5 bucks to count. The ending. I need more. I cri.So, I am waiting for a Dark II please. PLEASE. And, the adventure really did take longer. I was so afraid that the first boss was the last boss and that I couldn't return to the club (like home sweet home). But no. There were, like, 4. Smooth story gameplay. Maybe a challange for battling the elder vampire, but one thing that I thought conflicted was how in controlled storymode of the game he could apparate more quickly than the stats allowed me to do. Major glitch that was horrible and a (female dog) was the click to kill mechanism. That, sometimes, the game control gave up on me when I tried to use it. Thus I was stuck using:The Blood Capacity MAXShadow Grip w/o touching the louder moves like click to hit and kill..No confusion or other mental abilities such as distraction, confusion, which sounded cool if it actually functioned.Having to kill only with shadow grip or feed, occassionally the right-click-to-kill when there was only one opponent left.Treading with MAX stealth on the footwork.Sucking with MAX stats on it to add quietness because why not.Vampiric vision upgrades: seeing ghouls but don't need to see sensors and electricity -- they aren't invisible on my sights.Wishing that I could control how he killed people or if he could drag the human he was drankin' from with him.The shrubs saved my god dmn life -- those leaves were fkkin nanotube strong asf to have rended the bullets of the lackeys on the second boss -- useless! Too bad there weren't any more shrub-like things for the other zones. I am impressed by the castle in the museum, was really atmospheric. All the areas you gotta move around in... got their puzzles. Enjoyable and different routes may be taken in battle that way.Also, you don't have to kill everyone when you gotta keep moving on.I should have used my save slots more because then I could go back and go crazy by the time I finished the adventure.The choices on the social interactions didn't affect the story at all.SPOILER DISCRETION ADVISED (This is mostly for the game makers or those who have already played or don't care)I was forced to do tutorial before leaving, also meeting the human girl with the fettish for vampires. She was nice. Enjoyed the scene where she got sucked in that VIP lounge by the main character.OH! I wish there was a customizable character selection, or a female role. Don't make it switch during storyline, I just mean to play throughout with a customized female character along with the availability of the main.That might be much to ask, but his role also sunk in well along with the dialogue. At times, laughable with how goddamn serious he always was v. our buddy Tom who actually wore that vampiric tribal face tat. His voice was refreshing to talk to, though his role wasn't emphasized as much on the final boss. That's okay.Also, it was pretty goddamn funny that on the first time you suckin on someone and all the buddies come over they cant shoot unless you try that again. ""Yah, u watch me."" And now I think that the homeless guy in the tutorial who was backing up had it smart. I couldn't drink fast enough to get closer to him or kill my prey because I needed the blood for the meter?It was uncermonious for what happened to Stein. How could I just accept this new random group? ""SO IT WAS YOU?"" I thought. Pfsht. That guy became HULK, he wasn't no street fighter teleportation guy from that one episode including Vega and Chun Li in Spain, and Eliza. . . so couldn't he have just dug himself out of the rummage then? The ending was easy, like, (since I played on easy mode -- thank god) since vampiric visoin stopped time and I had no trouble running away from Stein the Hulk (makes me feel more guilty having checked what happened to Rose when I tried the Revenge ending). It is certainly best when you save Rose. But what in the world was that ""Kiss"" scene? It was a hug. Did I survive? Would I not become a ghoul? Did Rose's blood save me? I really wanted a second part to this story! Could I just wreak havock in the city? Get an underground sewer home with Rose? What?Vlad was too rich for his own good. Saving before he moved to the first place he'd appear at helped me sneak up on him even when he barely caught me and I had been holding the feed button.No glitches on the most important moments otherwise. But choosing your own saves are the most imporant than auto saves, god! Shocking to restart the fkkin first boss adventure. Also, good, there is a fast foward. Almost fast fowarded dialogue from Rose while in a hall but that save let me hear it. What happened to Tom afterward? I only saw Rose and my main character. :/Anyway. That themesong? Fkk yahh I listen to it all the goddmn time now! Dancing in the club? Ehh it was good for the mood of your serious character but looking at him it's like, ""He must be really thirsty to be humiliating himself like this LMFAO."""
,Recommended,225360,10974526,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,PCConsoleGamer,"So I have seen numerous reviews on here for this game, and for the most part, they have been negative? Why? Yes, this is a hard game(most Stealth games are), and not meant to be a run/gun action game. If you get this, take your time with it, learn the gameplay, observe the guards patrol routes, etc. Trust me, if done right, this game can be a whole lot of fun."
76561198077719495,Recommended,225360,20311121,"Posted: 4 January, 2016",all,babydollpinup,"Ok game with cool ""comic book styled"" graphics and action sequences but is a bit lackluster for me personally. I did find the controls a bit complicated and frequently had to pause and double check how to do certain sequences. The thing that I hate about this game is the main characters voice. It drives me crazy because to me he sounds monotone and bored rather than rough and tough like the voice actor was trying to come across as. That is clearly a personal preference though. I think it's worth buying on sale or as part of a package."
76561198021844334,Recommended,225360,33549745,Posted: 14 July,all,christiano.keller,"Stealth is the word for this game.Pros:+ The game has an interesting story, you can believe on it;+ Great scenario, there are realistc rooms and details;+ The powers allow a non repetitive action, you can repeat them f you want, but you don't need to.Cons:- Some areas are long and in order to do it all unseen requires a lot of trial and error, you save and reload several times;- I really miss weapons in this game;- The AI is a little dumb;It is a game that will be good for stealth and vampire fans."
76561198055853495,Not Recommended,225360,10582895,"Posted: 20 June, 2014",all,Deathknight66,Gröster beschiss aller zeiten blos nicht kaufen schlechtes gameplay miese story und selbst die comic grafic is müll.
76561197965396869,Not Recommended,225360,11645544,"Posted: 10 August, 2014",all,Macdallan,"Don't buy this unless it's deeply discounted.  The ""impressive"" cel shaded graphics noted on the store page are not impressive at all, they're poor at best.  Borderlands 1 and 2 did them right (ish).  DARK gets it all wrong.The voice acting from the beginning is terrible and I can only imagine it gets worse.  Dialogue is stale at best.  I haven't played it very long and I already wish I'd gotten DARK for free because it has already been painful to play.The points on the store page also say ""Make your way through lavishly appointed environments.""  What the snot is a lavishly appointed environment?  I haven't seen one yet, all I've seen are poor representations of buildings and streets.  What ever happened to the WOD game that CCP was supposed to put out? (rhetorical - I know what happened)  Now THAT had awesome environments.If you absolutely have to have a lame ""vampire"" game in your collection then get this.  If you want a good one go get Vampire:The Masquerade Bloodlines.  It's far beyond this paltry attempt.  Pick a Malkavian - the first time you have a conversation with an inanimate object... well, I won't ruin the surprise.  Buy that instead of DARK."
,Not Recommended,225360,10036993,"Posted: 6 May, 2014",all,KittyKage,"Clunky gameplay and controls, animations are shoddy, poorly thought out story.  Not worth anywhere near £30."
,Not Recommended,225360,10840069,"Posted: 26 June, 2014",all,D-Boogey,"I remember reading about this game in GameInformer months before this game came out. I was so excited about it. They made this game look great. But that's all they did. Made it look great. In theory. All of their great reviews are from before the game even came out. I bought it while it was on sale and I regret that. I wish I could get a refund for it. The game mechanics are awful, the dialogue is crap, the narration is even worse. The stealth aspect of it is so broken. I'm hunched next to a pillar that is shaped so I am clearly visible, but the guards don't notice me. Sometimes it's the other way around. I'm hidden, crouched, behind a desk out of sight, yet they still know exactly where I am. There's no jumping. The shadow leap is♥♥♥♥♥♥ Can't use it over a stair ledge. I should have listened to the reviews. They warned me, but I was too excited about a vampire stealth game."
76561198019524773,Not Recommended,225360,9895272,"Posted: 21 April, 2014",all,GrimTin,What a massive piece of♥♥♥♥♥
,Not Recommended,225360,11370614,"Posted: 22 July, 2014",all,Bert,"If you like Edgemaster Supreme protagonists who angst their way through a monologue BEFORE finding out that they've become a Vampire, then this game just might be for you. This game is just terrible overall."
,Not Recommended,225360,7903339,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,][SG][ Greg,"This game is HORRIBLE. If you have an AMD card, it will freeze so often. Horrible animation, not optimised at all. BAD BUY. BEWARE"
76561198035286327,Not Recommended,225360,12431858,"Posted: 9 October, 2014",all,CurajaCaster,"The video made it seem amazing but this game was very obviously not tested. There were crashes and glitches constantly, I couldn't even get through the first cutscene without something going wrong. I even read of forums other people having these issues. As soon as I started I heard everything but saw nothing, so I thought, ""Oh, I get it cause it's called dark!"" but no it turns out the game is just a total mess. Leave this game in the dark, that's where it belongs."
,Not Recommended,225360,7988259,"Posted: 9 December, 2013",all,"Sime, Stalwart","Look, I'm only making it obvious how poor at stealth games I can be but HOLY FRIG! THIS GAME HAS BEEN MY NIGHTMARE! Look, it has SO MUCH potential, it really does! I love where it's going. It's got cool stories, decent characters, writing's not bad but down to the game mechanics and difficulty I think ""HOLY FRIG! WHYYYYYYY?!"" The one thing that this game dropped the ball with is recovery and detection avoidance. It's incredibly difficult to remain undetected and when you do, good luck hiding away without getting peppered twenty times in the♥♥♥♥♥by SMGs. This game needs more direct combat features and more toe-to-toe action. Even if I say so from having played countless amounts of super-hero games that resemble those mechanics, can you blame me? I mean, it's no wonder Batman Arkham series is doing so well! You can mix certain brawling moves in stealth and vice versa and get away with it! DARK? Ohhhhhh no. You have to be pin-precise when you attack and if you make a false move (let alone spend your points in so much as one false skill tree), you're as boned as a sun-dried skull.Good Luck. Good Friggin' Luck.If you managed to get here without thinking this game is all that bad, then give it a go. Maybe watch someone do a ""let's play"" to confirm it's difficulty. If you agree with me, then you know off the bat that this game is NOT for you."
,Not Recommended,225360,8022752,"Posted: 12 December, 2013",all,mephisto_vi,"Wow...  I thought this would be a great game.  I would have accepted decent even.  Nope...  controls were really horrible across the board.  If you think you will bypass them by plugging in a controller, don't.  The second mission proved that was a bad idea.  They get swapped with NO way to correct it.  The controller map only shows what is SUPPOSED to be where.  Guess that's part of the challenge is to figure out how to not only face enemies but to run in the appropriate direction using the triggers instead of the analog sticks.  Good luck navigating menus that way too...  Best advice: stay away!!!!"
,Not Recommended,225360,7913916,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,smo.d,"Not really good. Bad animation. Low story, only sneaking around without weapons or real powers. Its a room to room game."
76561198032248704,Not Recommended,225360,7949931,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,NocturnX,"This game was a huge disappointment and certainly not worth the price they want for it. I was foolish enough to buy it when it was still $50, because at the time there was a shortage of new options. The graphics are poor. The style and design are cheap. The writing and voice acting is laughable. Which brings me to the fact that unlike other rpg's that have dialog choices that matter, they are a virtually pointless and pathetic mechanism they just threw in here in a sad attempt to create the illusion of choice and depth. Even the stealth aspect is poorly done. Trust me. Pass on this waste."
76561198154713398,Recommended,225360,23732379,"Posted: 23 June, 2016",all,Cybertech345,Good stealth game. kinda like playing thru the movie Underworld.
76561198047177926,Not Recommended,225360,8175239,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,kramius,"I have never so bad thing like this :( i was playing in this game maybe for 5-7 hours, and try to find something really interesting or new for me. I cannot find anything, if this game was created maybe in 2005, it will be maybe interesting and maybe become popular, but for 2012-2013 this is nothing.I just waste money for this crap, bad graphic, bad gameplay, bad plot, really bad effects of skills."
,Not Recommended,225360,7938480,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,horsethrower,http://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Lct6x-XqWrw
,Not Recommended,225360,11219421,"Posted: 13 July, 2014",all,NotForHumanUse,"Stay away from this game. The stealth in this game isn't properly working. As this is a huge part of the game, the game doesn't feel nice to play."
,Not Recommended,225360,7903378,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Shade,"First twenty minutes of the game... Voice acting is alright, but there are a few fine details that bug me.. One of them being the amount of time between one piece of dialogue to another. The other part, the main character makes it VERY clear that he ""has no choice"" when talking to one of the characters.Some of the dialogue seems very cliché.Something that really irks me: Limited save amounts per level.After about an hour of gameplay, it's okay *at best* for a stealth rpg with powers. I'm not too impressed, but I'll keep playing it just because I like stealth.I do not recommend this game. You're better off buying Dishonored."
76561198035544533,Not Recommended,225360,11020492,"Posted: 2 July, 2014",all,Frostbeard,One of the worst games I've played.
,Not Recommended,225360,11158517,"Posted: 9 July, 2014",all,Clasbyte,"Not much good to say about that game, wants to be an Deus Ex or Splintercell with an Vampire. Skills/Powers are crapy, no real choices, voice acting is just bad. Story is ok but you dont really get pulled into it. Bad immersion in the world as such. And the graphics are just for what they are way to demanding."
76561198158938940,Not Recommended,225360,30939405,Posted: 4 April,all,Ltm1900,"Hard to control your character every move is so rigid. It seems the developer wanted to make it a stealth game but also encourage you for killing. Not worth playing, try Hitman."
,Not Recommended,225360,10743660,"Posted: 23 June, 2014",all,sc1ph3r,"Poorly done vampire stealth game. Even with powers I feel powerless, and feel frustrated with the characters' one-dimensionality. I shouldve known better to trust Kalypso after dungeons."
,Not Recommended,225360,10915962,"Posted: 28 June, 2014",all,๖ۣۜArchvoullf,"honestly i came into this game with low expectations and i was still disapointed, the only real redeaming feature i can find is the visuals but for me thats not enough for it to be even an enjoyable bad game.2/10 Avoid"
,Recommended,225360,11301056,"Posted: 18 July, 2014",all,VGRider,"I always waited for a similar game like Vampire the Masquarade (Bloodlines to be exact).I see many people giving this one a downvote just because it's hard at some points and it makes me sad, it proves once again that new age gamers want it always easy.Apart from that, the game is awesome for the lovers of the good old fashioned vampire games as well as stealth games!Although graphics and the general idea of the game could have been a little more thought through it still amazed me at lots of points through my gameplay!Good job to the developers and i hope to see some more games like this one!8/10 !!!"
,Not Recommended,225360,11349454,"Posted: 21 July, 2014",all,Stacj3567,Awful!
76561198049624230,Not Recommended,225360,9382663,"Posted: 8 March, 2014",all,Savvage Cabbage,"Horrible game. Too expensive, graphics suck, gameplay is horrible, ai is really bad, the stealth is just terrible complete waste of money"
,Not Recommended,225360,7911707,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Chicago Falcon,"This game is so bad. I love stealth games (Deus Ex: HR, Thief, Dishonored) so I immediately bought this game when it came out. It is so terrible its not worth even playing if you get it for free. Its more repetitive than the first assassin's creed and the story is worse than Twighlight...ok, maybe not that bad, but the dialogue is so awkward and forced and the accents are weird."
76561198013706135,Not Recommended,225360,7901323,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,nice1991,"This game looks cool with nice graphic and being a vampire just sounds intriging. but the game just doesn´t live up to the standards. it lacks story and you are left with anger over playing this game, because you just wanted more. so take it from someone who paid full prize, get it on sale. that way you will be left with a descent game experience, and dont feel so riped off."
,Not Recommended,225360,10818512,"Posted: 25 June, 2014",all,Kurrashi,"This game, overall is absolutely terrible. The opening scene was alright, and it started out really nice, but then the game quickly got out of hand and became this disaster of gameplay. In the very beginning, they tell you,""Your a vampire, you can do cool stuff.""Cool, and all the powers are neat, and the concept is interesting. But the story itself conters itself in everyway, they tell you that the human race does not know of the vampires and doesn't know anything about them! And they'd like to keep it that way they claim. But the second you start the first mission, and get into the combat, it's all single button one click one kill combat, and what's worse, when they discover a body, this is BEFORE any form of vampire activity. Or before witnessing the main character use any powers. Is that they immediately scream,""That blood-suckin' vampire is around here!""Wait.. How did they know about vampires, and why would they fully believe it was a vampire..? They break the story-line completely and utterly. I could get over the poor graphics and semi decent comabt, but the story breaking itself over itself. That.. I cannot stand. I do NOT recommend this game to anyone who enjoys even a half arsed story."
,Recommended,225360,21389767,"Posted: 22 February, 2016",all,Mortreal,"Liked it, I had fun doing all the levels without raising any alarms, wasen't all that annoying restarting sequences untill you find a way to because the game was enjoyable even though I was using mostly only 2 powers the whole game..!"
76561198123660015,Recommended,225360,13579162,"Posted: 24 December, 2014",all,Michael,"A good game, im big into the darker world better known as fantasy and such, this was a very clever game in some ways, a great blend of stratigic moveing and combat, a intresting enough storyline and some memorable characters, i had acouple issues only, one was that at acouple points namely the last boss battle and very begining the story feels abit empty and rather hard to believe aswell as regardless the choice you think you can make at the end its always the same, that would be my only real complaint, definatly a entertaining game however and brings to life a more young and fledgling like vampire to life my only way to think the came could be better was if they  went into depth of how, why and when, that aside i would gladly recommend this game to friends."
76561198020998869,Recommended,225360,34882171,Posted: 11 September,all,Flying Fox,"An apprently German production (wikipedialinks in the endscreen starting with de.) based arround a vampirepub and his craving to become a real one.. odd storytelling with angels and all.. yet it gets lifted in a rather obvious approach.A rather good stealthgame.. quite hard - at least for me.. yet i also dont play that many stealthgames..The metascore is absolutely undeserved.. while not the best game on earth and definetly not of the year.. it was fairly enjoyable to see the witcher as vampire.The stealthmechanisms is faily odd, you can hide behind a glasswall and the guards on the other side wont see you even though its fully transparrent (well.. okay.. you could go with ""its a vampire, you dont see its reflection"" yet its not that kind of approach) aswell as the bushes inside of the park are solid blocks... you can hide in them and they cant hit you even though 20 ppl spray in them.. they will then occasionally go ""search for you"" and walk inside where you can kill them just to repeat.. it was hilariousThe story was mainly advanced through voicecom.. it felt like a metal gear in a way while being definetly poorer than this.. the levels were not that repetitive yet the pattern definetly were.. walking to point a... oh new guards come up - what a surprise...  nevertheless it fills 1-2 days of wondering what to play perfectlyThe DLC chapter was done realy realy well and i wish the main game was a bit more than that..I actually give it a 75/100It uses some of the ""Vampire the masquerade"" lores and you could say its an indirect sequel to their games that noone wanted in this way.You can have a good time in this game... but ... buy it on sale..Had a blast frustrating while streaming this"
,Recommended,225360,33918095,Posted: 30 July,all,N4SWS,"At first I gave this game a negative review, but I'm back here to alter my score and let me give you the reasons why. First though, I want to say this game is not for everyone, it's FAR from perfect, has many glaring flaws, and at some points is downright boring. I am going to start with a list of cons first because I want to get it out of the way.Cons:Very repetitiveGlitchyHorrible storyBad graphicsAnnoying soundtrackTerrible voice actingBraindead AIPoor animationsAbsurdly laughable god awful endingNow with all of that said you're thinking why on earth would I ever play this game right? Well let me tell you the positives.Pros:Very fun (and unique) abilitiesSome incredibly challenging sections of pure stealthFairly solid level designYou're a badass vampireMain character Eric voiced by Doug Cockle (Geralt of Rivia) (Only good voice actor in this game)Now I can sum this all up quite nicely:If you like playing stealth games (think Thief, Splinter Cell, etc) but want to try that out with a vampire twist then look no further as DARK is for you! If you're not into stealth games then you will find absolutely nothing of interest here.The game is fun, and even though it has many many flaws I think it was worth it to play once. It has 0 replay value, but you'll get a minimum of 10 hours out of it up to a maximum of 20 depending on how much you explore, and how quickly you can clear the stages.I think the asking price of 15$ is fair. I really do. It's not worth any more than that though, but preferably just wait and get it on a Steam sale for a couple bucks.They really did make a very unique game here, with an amazing concept, it was just unfortunately poorly executed. However even with all of that said I still think it's worth you giving it a shot."
,Recommended,225360,3339192,"Posted: 5 July, 2013",all,Menphues,"Okay after playing a small time of this I can say it feels like ""Vampire The Masquerade"" but with Max Payne 1 talking over the character.The game is not bad, the graphics are like XIII the cartoon style shooting game, there are decent amount of vampire skills to pick and choose from, and they are easy to cycle between.Character control feels like a cheap quick throw together, not amazing but not bad.  Power ups etc to unlock extra stuff is decent, overall the game is worth a play if you have nothing else to play or fancy a change.It is good to see old style max payne mixed with Vampire The Masquerade together.It does some things nice and some meh... Worth a play I would vote a 6.5 out of 10.  Not amazing and certainly not bad."
,Not Recommended,225360,7902880,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,The President,"Not great, the story telling is awful and I'm not sure who programmed the dialoge or even spoke in it, but it was god awful.  Don't get me wrong the game play is decent enough, but I can't play an hour of such a horrid story.  ""How did I become a vampire""  ""no-one knows, nor what vampires really are, but they are something"".... how decided on writing the script?  Its terrible.  not only that but the dialog doesn't pause between people its one long sentence where the other person picks up instantly.  Don't buy this game if you're hoping for something with a decent story.  If you could care less for story and just want to clicka  bunch of buttons, go for it."
76561198056778949,Not Recommended,225360,24913141,"Posted: 14 August, 2016",all,kubbiss,"Just bad.You get introduced as a supposedly half vampire right off the bat. You wanna be a real vampire? Do some stealth stuff. K. And the stealth system is so bad. You get only 2 saves per area. Considering how often you have to redo everything because of the crappy system its not enough.Graphics wise it looks okay. But you have no facial expressions. Just static faces with the mouth moving. Pretty laughable.If you want to play a good vampire game just stick to vampire the masquerade: bloodlines. Despite being 15 years old its still better in every way possible. It has better graphics, better combat system, better stealth system, a great lore and an awesome community that to this day continues to release patches to better the game.Just stay away from this game."
76561198006074102,Not Recommended,225360,21266055,"Posted: 16 February, 2016",all,The Dominator,It feels like they tried to make a good game but the mechanics are broken. the game is way too hard on the lowest difficulty. if you are in an enemy's line of sight for .2 seconds you will be detected and you might as well give up when that happens because you won't be able to hide for the whole 3 minutes of alertness which resets if literaly anything happens. 3/10
,Recommended,225360,7921691,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,HyMxzx,"fun but not easy and , its too short 8 - no side quest nothing just story line"
,Recommended,225360,17249238,"Posted: 27 July, 2015",all,Hannah,"I would not classify this as one of the best games I have played.  The story could have more to it... better game play...  etc., but overall, it's unique and I like it for that."
,Recommended,225360,7914829,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Bænlynn,"Dark, what can I say about Dark? Possibly the most annoying and enticing stealth gamplay I've played since Deus Ex. Make of that what you will. Dark is not polished, Dark is not deep, Dark aspires to one day have the writing quality of a b-grade 80's action movie, But Dark does actually manage to do stealth halfway decent in its own way. But that way is definitely not for everyone. . .I bought Dark on Steam because it was on sale, and THEN I heard what people were saying about it, oh WHY do I bother to listen? But the interesting thing about the reviews were the comparisons to Thief and Deus Ex, and how Dark falls short, being frustrating, boring and repetitive. I'm sorry? frustrating, boring and repetitive? That pretty much describes my experience of those two games, yet I somehow managed to finish them despite spending hours trying and failing to stay stealthy. Still, the comparisons are apt, I was five minutes into the game, and I found myself thinking: 'okay the story and voice acting are predictable as heck, but why do I feel like I'm playing Deus-Ex?' Granted, Dark will never be either of those shining jewels of adolescent nostalgia that many of us remember as 'Deus Ex' or 'Thief', but saying it falls short merely because it is difficult just reads like nostalgia bias to me.Let me digress for a moment by leaping sideways into a comparison... When Rise of the Triad recently got a reboot, what emerged from the rebooting process was a graphical update with all the misshapen heart, and twisted soul of the original: lame jokes, drug references and all. Yet what I was left with, was the sense that a perfect recreation of my schoolday afternoons in a modern graphical engine laid bare just how small and easily entertained my 10-year-old mind was. In much the same way, Dark's gameplay calls to mind the stealth FPS games of the late 90's and early 00's: Thief, Deus Ex, Hit Man, etc. but this time in a good way. Clearly I've lost 80% of the audience right off the bat with that one, but nostalgia is a funny thing...You see. I've save scummed my way through the first two missions, carefully rationing out my two saves per area, stealth-killing my way through enemies, and resetting time and time again. I have rage quit at least two dozen times and taken seven hours of real time to get through four hours of gameplay. But at no point in all my failed attempts at silently taking down a couple-hundred armed mooks have I been able to honestly say: 'that one was the game's fault.' and that's what keeps me coming back, that's the thing that reminds me of Deus Ex (at least, how I played it). I'm not being coddled, in fact I'm being threatened with deadly weapons, but Dark neither blames me for failure nor rubs my face in it when it beats me again and again and again. Success in Dark is its own reward, and failure is a learning experience.In this day and age of short attention spans and shorter patience, Dark IS frustrating and repetitive, because you will be frustrated at how often you're repeating the same sequence over and over and over. But that is the lot with any true Stealth game: if you screw up prepeare to reload. This is a major reason why any game that involves stealth as a mechanic these days refers to itself as having 'stealth elements' because it will give you a way to fight your way out of the pickles you'll get yourself into. But as soon as you give a stealth game a 'violence parachute' then stealth immediately takes a second seat to the alternative. Why? because it's easier.I honestly haven't had a problem racking up XP, nor have I had an issue with the controlls, but I think that Dark is made for a particular style of play, and a certain kind of player. That player is definitely me and the play style is 'creeping death': Slowly and painstakingly working your way from room to room picking off all the enemies one at a time. As a stealth action game Dark is also a puzzle room game probably MORE of a puzzle room game than a Stealth action game. Only all the puzzle elements are also ambulatory and packing automatic weapons and supernatural powers. When taken in this context and played in this manner, Dark is actually FUN. The goal of each little segment of level is not to simply get to the next one, the goal is to cut a hole into the web of mutual surveillence the guards are wrapped up in. Isolating and neutralising as you go until you can sneak on through, and it IS possible.I think however, that there is a better comparison to be made for Dark, the game I am reminded of is even older than Deus Ex, Older than Thief. That game is Robot Rooms. I don't know if obscure shareware games for win 3.1 needed rebooting, but there it is.If you don't like puzzle games, or if your idea of stealth is more in the vein of Assassin's Creed or Dishonored, Dark is not for you. If you expect AAA voice acting and a complex, deep storyline, Dark is not for you. If however you're something of a completionist, if you're a patient and methodical hunter in FPS games, leaving nothing but corpses with surprised looks on their faces behind you, and if you enjoy a challenge, then you might just like Dark."
,Not Recommended,225360,18749986,"Posted: 29 October, 2015",all,[ReAp]Veronica Vamps🦇,I really wanted to like this game but I dont. There is hardly any good vampire games out so I wanted this one to be good. But it isn't the idea is good and the Story seems interesting. Sadly the combat is awful so I didn't even made it passed the first bit. I saw other people playing this game but I just keep struggeling.I do not recommend this game to anybody. But I hope that there will be a time when Vampire Games start becomming good.
,Recommended,225360,7916847,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,CREE12,"Dialogue's not the greatest, and story could be better, but it is fun to play and quite a challenge to stay completely stealthy on the higher difficulties.All-in-all 6.5/10"
76561198015512306,Recommended,225360,9231095,"Posted: 23 February, 2014",all,Rage Carebear32,like a dark twist one deus ex
76561198012617672,Recommended,225360,23397849,"Posted: 5 June, 2016",all,Wings,Meh...
,Not Recommended,225360,11762866,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,BigMoneyMeatSpin#MillionSpinHype,"Terrible graphics, mediocre story, clunky gameplay.... 3/10 not worth getnig"
76561198086870528,Recommended,225360,10181649,"Posted: 20 May, 2014",all,KS Novation,You're a vampire like in the Blade movies but without the badass weapons or Wesley Snipes
76561198014162122,Recommended,225360,11457774,"Posted: 28 July, 2014",all,CaptainKingers,Thief plus vampires
76561198028384737,Recommended,225360,11754454,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Le Deflagosseur,"Like this other person said: Despite the bad critics, I'm really enjoying this game so far. Of course its not the best game I've played but I think its pretty good. At 80% off with kalypso sale, deffinatly a must buy if you like the genre."
,Recommended,225360,12719842,"Posted: 31 October, 2014",all,rexfire027,Dark is a hardcore stealth game set in a vampire storyline. notice I didn't say action stealth it's steath only which is great to some people but will lose many fans. the voice acting is top notch (the main voice being geralt of riveia from the witcher.) but the script isn't that good.pros:-great graphics-great gameplay-good voice acting-VR support-enviorments are different and well detailedcons--bad writing-uneven difficulty (hard on easy)-weak final bossoverall great stealth game that would mostly appeal to splinter cell fans.8.5/10
76561198106666603,Recommended,225360,10115955,"Posted: 14 May, 2014",all,Scottollinator,Difficult and chanllenging but you get a sense a accomplishment when you finish a simple objective. Well worth it if you want a rewarding challenge. Still a better story than Twilight.
76561198012494587,Recommended,225360,11144923,"Posted: 8 July, 2014",all,No Homo!,"An interesting game, quite fun, but anyone how wants a big badass vampire fight, well in advance every hostile encounter is made to be a 1 shot kill from you, the biggest challenge lie in GETTING to the ennemy. After that well bam he's dead."
,Not Recommended,225360,20608948,"Posted: 18 January, 2016",all,PhantomJ,"Awful Game, Bland Story line. A general vampire experience."
76561198065477910,Not Recommended,225360,8315065,"Posted: 26 December, 2013",all,Cove,Didn't care for it at all sadly. Played 10 minutes and it was pretty painful.
76561198090519816,Not Recommended,225360,20422043,"Posted: 9 January, 2016",all,Leopold Elridge Obelix,"If you want a stealth game there are far superior titles availible. Not even ten minutes in the game story and characters are as flat and half baked as they can get. The longer you play the more things seem to just be cut and paste ideas from other games, but with a small demon/vampire twist.Please don't waste your money on this, as I got bored after the second mission and everything just kind of is blah. There is no exciting draw or factor, and as for the actual gameplay its not really stealth, its kill the bad guys faster than they find their pal's bodies.Dark is a no go."
76561198042977426,Not Recommended,225360,7924383,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Liefwarrior,"This game was absolutely horrible.  I didn't even get very far into it because I literally couldn't stand the controls, or voice-acting, or graphics a moment longer.  Everything about the game feels cliche and completely unoriginal, and the storyline is basically just a ""go there, press your left mouse button"" type of thing.Don't waste your money."
,Not Recommended,225360,13426607,"Posted: 17 December, 2014",all,Vrogger,Stay far far away from this garbage
76561198033287437,Recommended,225360,15837614,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Shailo,"A horrible story. A really, really *bad* story with dialog that will leave you cringing. And the ending is simply atrocious. Fortunately, it is just an excuse for you to  use and develop your vampire powers, which are pretty cool. Kill from a distance, teleport around, blend into the shadows, x-ray vision, confuse and a fair bit of other nifty things makes playing the game fun. You definitely feel superior to those lowly humans ... until you make a mistake and they fill you full of holes.The game mechanics work except that the default behavior is 'drag a corpse' rather than 'kill' and if you try to kill someone that is standing on a corpse you ... well, its goes badly. The camera will also get confused on occasion and that goes badly too.  There is some tactics involved as the guards have patrol routes and killing them unobserved involves assaulting them at exactly the right time. If they catch you, the whole zone will go hostile for a while and try to track you down. Mostly, its not too hard keep out of sight until the alarm resets, and you can even use that hostile time to draw entrenched guards out so you can kill them. There is bonus XP given for not raising an alarm though, and its cooler anyway to get through as a ghost. Lastly, you always get a marker on the HUD that tells you where you have to go so you can't really get lost. But finding the path there can be tricky.The game saves automatically but you do get two manual saves per section and that gives a sense that death is to be avoided without being chained to developer checkpoints. A blessing, but you can still see the cutscenes a few too many times until you figure out the path.My biggest gripe is that the cutscenes on entering a new zone can leave you vulnerable and sometimes you have to be quick or you're immediately dead. They will even walk you back to where you should have gone if you start without them. You also have to learn how to kill some special guys though trial and error and the technique can be finicky. You die a few times there too.Not a whole lot of replayability as you end up with almost all the powers anyway but thing can go a lot easier if you pick the right powers early in the game and that can be worth an additional run-though.  All in all, a fun diversion for some 15 hours and a decent vampire game as long as you can ignore a terrible story told though cringingly bad dialog."
76561198043065676,Recommended,225360,7909256,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Neus ψIHOPψ,"Even on a sale this game would get a 4/10 at best from me.This game gives you two options of play, Stealth or Death.Many people think that the stealth is actual bs and its effin impossible to do-it's not, it's just stupid as♥♥♥♥♥♥I found my self a good amount of the time having to stop and think outside the box when I actually needed to finish a levelI never really found anyway of the gameplay fun, not to mention the voice acting as stoic and the subtitles were wrong.The powers you gain through level up are extremely imbalanced half of them don't even have a use because the other skill does the same thing but better.Long story short-because it's 4 AM in the morning this game isn't worth buying, if you ever beat it you will never play it again."
76561198001824545,Recommended,225360,7923681,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,bikmik,Great stealth game!
,Recommended,225360,5064423,"Posted: 4 July, 2013",all,Alucard,"Nice stealth, many variants of dealing with enemies, but not good plot and its kinda buggy. Ah, and of course big plus for VAMPIRES :DDD"
76561198055916582,Recommended,225360,5903821,"Posted: 2 September, 2013",all,Re-l Mayer,♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥о полное
,Recommended,225360,7922134,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Jedi Mage,Lots of bugs but no show stoppers.  It was a nice challenge to get through the levels.  I had to replay it a few times in order to see what the different builds would do.  If you really like vampire games this one is not the best nore the worst I have played.
76561197972052171,Recommended,225360,7965559,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,Pixels,"Decent gameplay, familiar but good concept.A bit repetetive after the first couple of missions but there's only so much variety you can put into something like this.All in all, well done."
,Recommended,225360,8469533,"Posted: 31 December, 2013",all,[NL] Wonka,"DARK is a nice game. It is not a perfect game, the developers could improve a few things. Some of those things are the cut scenes (some could be playable instead), the length of the story as well as the depth and dialog. Also, characters may have more (micro) expressions and such. That would improve the game a lot visually.But; the story is nice, powers too and overall I think they are on to something."
,Recommended,225360,9588538,"Posted: 21 March, 2014",all,graeme.samways,"Stealthy, blood sucking, sneaky fun."
76561198074608778,Recommended,225360,10008146,"Posted: 3 May, 2014",all,zivsp7,"Started very bad, but turned to be pretty good as soon as the snkeaking started."
,Recommended,225360,7922798,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Lauren Jamilah,"I actually loved this game. I don't understand why it's getting so many negative reviews. I thought the game was really fun, I thoroughly enjoyed playing it. If you like stealthy games, vampires or cel shading then I highly recommend this game. Go watch a YouTube video of its gameplay before purchasing Dark so you can decide whether or not this game is something you'd enjoy. I give it a 10/10."
,Recommended,225360,2619341,"Posted: 10 September, 2013",all,Tailen,"If you're into vampire games and sneak-em-ups, this will be a satisfying experience in the way that a few drops of blood in the desert will feel like a feast. It's an enjoyable game that could probably be considered mediocre had the genre not been so woefully underserved. When you're done with it, you'll want to play Bloodlines again."
76561198048556706,Recommended,225360,5363416,"Posted: 28 July, 2013",all,thewhiteknuckle,"There are different kinds of stealth games. There's the gentle stealth game, like those mini stealth runs in LoZ that require no challenge at all. Then there's Skyrim stealth, which is ludicrous and meh. Then there's Dishonored stealth, where enemies actually react and show off how a person reacts to stealth, and pay attention to things. And then there's DARK.This game's stealth is INCREDIBLY difficult! And enjoyable. DARK is a challenging stealth game, putting you into the role of a vampire (you do not sparkle) trying to find his creator so he doesn't end up a mindless ghoul. The AI is well done; they follow good pathways and block exits normally, and during hostile moments they wander, and work well together. They cover each other. THEY GIVE COVER!Overall, worth the buy, but only if you enjoy stealth games. Otherwise, you'll spend hours just sitting in the same spot going ""ffs move you ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥ guard."""
76561198058870173,Recommended,225360,7945948,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,Raz Wuffy,I enjoyed the game it was short thats my only complante
,Recommended,225360,7979507,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,NukaPooka,Love this game! gave me alot of challenges and fun :D HIGHLY recommend to anybody who wants to waste time.Aawesome story line and great gameplay :DEnjoy :D
76561198052717152,Recommended,225360,11757956,"Posted: 17 August, 2014",all,Bane,anyone no where ya save files r?
,Recommended,225360,16452948,"Posted: 16 June, 2015",all,ᵣᵤₘₛₐz,This game is good people just are idiots and don't know how to play Eric Bane is awesome and always will be no matter what.
,Not Recommended,225360,14095299,"Posted: 21 January, 2015",all,skinner,Its a very generic storyline that is just not fun. Me and all of my friends that have this game say that no matter what they do it lags like♥♥♥♥♥♥on on a stick and it is boring 1/10000
76561198101394684,Recommended,225360,12963870,"Posted: 15 November, 2014",all,Mutant5,So far I do like it if you're going for a vampire game. I do think that the concept would make for a great MMORPG vs a single player game.
76561198123771513,Not Recommended,225360,20638226,"Posted: 20 January, 2016",all,The Frozen Rose,"this game recomends using a computer with at least 2 GB of ram, I'm using a laptop with 4 GB of ram and the game is slower and laggier then anything I've ever seen.I can't even get past the stairwell in the very beginning of the game."
,Not Recommended,225360,21095513,"Posted: 9 February, 2016",all,east boast,$30 bug simlast time i preorder pc game
76561198108031310,Not Recommended,225360,21121457,"Posted: 10 February, 2016",all,Captain Cuddles,"2 thumbs, way down!! A true unpolished turd of a game!1/10"
,Not Recommended,225360,15418591,"Posted: 17 April, 2015",all,Chantor,"I'll only recommend this when it's $10 or cheaper.I wanted to like this, I really did but nope, I'm just glad I got it on sale, if I spent the $40USD that they ask for I'd be very angry."
76561198009952893,Recommended,225360,17120034,"Posted: 19 July, 2015",all,Easymode,fun stelth game
,Recommended,225360,7926599,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Just BL3SS™,"extremely fun to play stealth game and has a cool story, but it's not worth 30 euros, so if you want it: SALE ONLY"
,Recommended,225360,10993882,"Posted: 30 June, 2014",all,Ciradis,it's like max payne with blood dependance10/10
,Recommended,225360,486200,"Posted: 3 July, 2013",all,Demitros,"THIS ISN'T RECOMMEDATIONIt's stupid that Steam doesn't let you just review a game for your friends.  ANYWAYS.I play Stealth given any opportunity when I can.  I love using Stealth in any game.  So, in case any of you are big steath fans, let me say, THIS IS NOT A STEALTH BASED GAME.  The focus is not actually on the Stealth elements, but rather on the powers you get as a Vampire.You receive points to level up various passive and active powers.  I, loving to use stealth like I do, focused on all the powers that make you more stealthy, my reasoning being that it is a stealth game.  Don't do it.  The stealth mechanics are sloppy.Please, allow me to cite some bad things about this game.  It's a bad PC port, which is something I'm personally getting tired of seeing.  You can't skip cinematics.  So for those of you who want to be Stealth purists, as I do, plan on seeing all the same cinematics a dozen times when it just sets you up to die.  Alerting anyone at all eliminates your stealth bonus at the end of a map - so if you wait around a corner to ambush someone (waiting for them to round a corner, popping out and making a new corpse), you screw yourself out of more experience.  They give you the option of hiding bodies, but it's usually not an issue, as they leave you with no good place to hide them unless you want to completely break up the game flow and drag them backwards for half an hour.  The list can go on, but this is a long paragraph already.I'm not saying this isn't a decent game, but don't buy it expecting awesome stealth game play.  It may be decent when you use a mix of straight combat and stealth (NOT WHAT IT ADVERTISES), but I don't know.  I got♥♥♥♥♥♥♥♥off listening to Eric Bane (♥♥♥♥ your name) rip off the same goddamned Max Payne line about 15 times and promptly lit my house on fire to destroy my computer.If you want good stealth game play I recommend Arkham City, Far Cry 3 (really) and Skyrim with or without mods.  Just don't waste 40 dollars on this ♥♥♥♥♥♥♥.  Get a better game.Or 2 reasonably priced handjobs."
,Not Recommended,225360,7908551,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Nakkiel,A festering turd.
,Not Recommended,225360,12434783,"Posted: 10 October, 2014",all,Garthis,"This game seems really cheaply made and very poorly put together, as if the creators couldn't be bothered to put actual effort into is creation. The only thing it really has going for it is the fact that I pritty much got it for free when I bought it through the Humble Bundle."
,Recommended,225360,12769794,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Lloyd Clive,"Honestly, i went into this game without high expectacions. I picked it up for 10 dollars during the halloween sale, and expexted it to be a budget stealth game with some vamire gimmicks. what i got was a budget stealth game with vampire Theme and habit of referencing vampire:the masquerade-bloodlines. If you like stealth games pick this game up on sale, it might be a little easy, but it should waste a bit of your time. If you like vampires, pick this game up on sale, the theme serves the game pretty well. If you dont like either and are looking to get into them, go play Vampire: the masquerade-bloodlines, this game wont sell you on either but that game might."
,Recommended,225360,25030565,"Posted: 20 August, 2016",all,fazeR,I liked it. Its sometimes really hard and u probably need to abuse the AI to get through some stages.
,Recommended,225360,10077773,"Posted: 10 May, 2014",all,Rick Sanchez,"The game although good with story lacked a true realness with its combat mechanics.Mainly the fact that you can kill any enemy with one hit and maximize your health at the start.So you can simply just tank them all to continue with the story.All in all I give it a 7/10 because the story is good, character devolpment is good, combat system needs work.If you want a video review to my thoughts on this game.https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tp-LruDc2AgGamers-Haven"
,Not Recommended,225360,7903579,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Trivash,Terrible. These guys had a good idea and wasted
76561198035981310,Not Recommended,225360,8347384,"Posted: 27 December, 2013",all,fuffe10,DO NOT BUY OR PLAY THIS GAME
,Recommended,225360,11742596,"Posted: 16 August, 2014",all,Tom Higgens,"I don't have much time on the game, but enough to give my opinion.This game shows so, so much promise. It couldn't hit the ground running like a game should. There are nowhere near enough stealth/vampire games. There are so many stealth games now, but the vampire concept is so underplayed, and when mixed with stealth I figured how could it be bad? I loved Duke Nukem Forever and that had god awful reviews, sometimes games are just in bad hands. Right?Wrong:Well, this game is garbage- for its price. I still regret buying it but just because I am not a huge fan of stealth (I like some games and figured to give it a shot), but let me tell you, it still is enjoyable. If you are willing to put up with:-Laughable cutscenes-Sad dialogue-Shaky controls (at certain times, not often)and you love:-The vampire concept-Stealth gamesYou really shouldn't be too dissapointed. I picked it up for 7.99 which I still feel was a little expensive for the game, but if it is on sale, and you're okay with what I listed above, it really isn't that half bad. It just falls short is all. That's it.The story is played out well, the level design is nice, there are black outlines around the graphics (which for some reason I love like in Borderlands), and the AI isn't horrible. It doesn't feel like a bad indie title, but it doesn't feel like anything that should've been released so soon. It just feels unfinished. If someone could fix the game, that'd be amazing.Let me tell you though- if this game shows a sequel with everything improved, I can see it doing extremely well. And ""DARK"" almost hits that. Minor flaws, fun game.TL;DR: If you love stealth games, and want to try the underplayed vampire concept, pick this game up ON SALE. It's merely unfinished, but still fun.6/10 would bang."
76561197991671455,Recommended,225360,8009915,"Posted: 11 December, 2013",all,Booker Dewitt,"Similar to splinter cell or any other stealth games, just with vampires and ghouls, pick your targets and execute them in various styles, had fun playing this game, took well over 5-6 hours for me since i perfectly planned every move and so on. Great game, maybe ill try the dlc, will check it out."
,Recommended,225360,8586249,"Posted: 5 January, 2014",all,Xytement,Playing as both vampire and rogue/stealth feature built into the game puts a great amount of depth into playing the role has this figure its a good game for stealth
,Recommended,225360,8863044,"Posted: 26 January, 2014",all,Darkjeremiad,"I had such high hopes for this game, the trailer enthralled me - and I will admit I am a vampire junkey.  Some of the voice acting is a bit - trying, but the initial plot premise isnt bad.  But the game play - oh so lacking in fluidity, functionality and dare i say balance.The game gives you the option of playing on cakewalk, normal and hard modes... but I have a hard time finding any difference between the three.  Even on the Cake Setting (and with some naughty cheets that gave me unlimited blood and access to all powers) the 3rd act is almost impossible and the 4th is a steaming pain in the fangs.If they could improve the AI and better scale the difficulties so someone who is not a finger accrobat who lives for speed runs can complete the game I may re-install it, but currently its just too hard for a casual gamer like me, and too frustrating and poorly scripted for a hard core gamer."
,Recommended,225360,7979630,"Posted: 8 December, 2013",all,<<|XG|>> Unreal,"Ok, so this is by far one of the best games that i have played based on assasination. you get to play as a vampire and use all these really cool abilities, my only negative i find is that you are still kinda restricted with some abilities, like not being able to ghost down stairs only along a corridor."
76561198118048819,Recommended,225360,8401948,"Posted: 29 December, 2013",all,mclaubs,If you like b-movies get this when it's on sale. If not then don't bother. It'll make you rage quit on the lowest difficulty setting.
76561198022873572,Recommended,225360,9910783,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,skullncross,not bad for a game only stupid part in some places you cant use your vampire skills im affraid if your a vamp you can use them anywere but alas some spotty kid prolly asked for a change as usual.
,Not Recommended,225360,14014363,"Posted: 16 January, 2015",all,Asa,Not as open as the trailer makes it look.
76561198030292575,Recommended,225360,10022247,"Posted: 4 May, 2014",all,SNikWard,"I was skeptical when I purhcased this game on sale. However, I was pleasantly surprised when I first loaded it up. It has a fantastically written, if a bit cliche, storyline, fun and intuitive stealth-rpg gameplay, and a generally dark (pun definitely intended) feel to the game with plenty of atmoshpere."
76561198031968845,Not Recommended,225360,26086929,"Posted: 17 October, 2016",all,Gilaras,"Oyunun başlarında bu yazıyı yazıyorum.Vampir ve zombili oyunlara bayılıyorum ilgin birşey var ki oyunun grafikleri ve vamprizm mantığı güzel ayarlanmış WOD' a çok benziyor fakat oynanış ve dövüş mekaniklerindeki berbat, etraftaki duvarlara tutunup sarkınamamak gibi eksikliklerden dolayı oyunu beğenmedim.Bu tür oyunlarda yeniyseniz tavsiye ederim.Onun dışında sıradanbayağı hikayesi ve güzel yetenek kurgusuyla oyun puanım 5/10"
,Not Recommended,225360,30703248,Posted: 24 March,all,michael,"I cannot recommend this game unless it's very cheap on a sale. It has cheap writing, cheap voice acting and cheap people cheaply made the stealth mechanics they don't really understand. One of those ""look, game X sold well, let's do something similar"" things. The only aspect I can praise is nicely done sexy female models."
,Recommended,225360,9811651,"Posted: 13 April, 2014",all,Alhazred,This is quite possibly the worst game I've ever played next to Day One. Made it about 15 minutes before it became unplayable. Everything is so buggy it is totally and completely unplayable.
,Not Recommended,225360,24492179,"Posted: 23 July, 2016",all,Jeeperswerewolf,Cannot recommend Dark.
,Not Recommended,225360,26637097,"Posted: 16 November, 2016",all,w o w   a r m p i t s,AWful never again
76561198024599399,Not Recommended,225360,19403744,"Posted: 30 November, 2015",all,Baron,"Tedious and repetitive combat with a main character that doesn't feel or look like a vampire. Abilities seem like they were picked at random out of a hat and controls are clunky. Character progression is unsatisfying, and the plot is so slapstick it hurts. Comfy graphics (cartoon realism, similar to The Darkness 2 or DCUO) and a good idea at its core give this game 2.5 out of 5 stars. I think with a DLC that made it easier to choose alternate playstyles early on, the game could be more like a 3.5 at least and more likely to recommend. Right now, that DLC doesn't exist."
76561198283106377,Recommended,225360,34801632,Posted: 7 September,all,ArjabRoy,"Bought the game during summer sale and it's totally worth it, players who enjoy stealth gameplay this is a dream come true for them.The protagonist has got some great skills at his disposal to tackle enemies, they can be killed or totally bypassed by skilled players, overall this is an underrated game to be honest.Story isn't that good but still this game has got some potential to have players grinding for hours.Conclusion: Good value for money but get this on a sale."
76561198322014465,Not Recommended,225360,33443388,Posted: 10 July,all,T U X I C,"broken stealth game, not satisfying, bad animations."
76561198050443665,Not Recommended,225360,14364167,"Posted: 6 February, 2015",all,Pyrozaps,crap crap crap crappity crap crap crap
,Not Recommended,225360,12813623,"Posted: 6 November, 2014",all,gentile-hunter,"awfull game clunky, simple, designed in the 1990 and looks worse than dues ex 1."
76561198005749847,Not Recommended,225360,20881451,"Posted: 31 January, 2016",all,Rhavenouz,Ugh Short review don't buy this♥♥♥♥♥
,Recommended,225360,7964699,"Posted: 7 December, 2013",all,AbyssalHawk,"To be honest, it feels like vampire is just an excuse to create a hitman game with superpower. I would say the movements feel slightly worse than Hitman Blood Money, but mechanics are good enough."
,Recommended,225360,7904514,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,Ze,its pretty cool but the graphics could be better
76561198004450963,Not Recommended,225360,12767041,"Posted: 3 November, 2014",all,Noopizer,3 dark 5 me
,Recommended,225360,25846837,"Posted: 3 October, 2016",all,Booker DeWitt,There's Sonja's singing here. It's enough to buy it.
76561198046675266,Not Recommended,225360,12268966,"Posted: 27 September, 2014",all,Dustin,"Terrible cutscenes, terrible player voicing, terrible gameplay.It's ONLY stealth, no fighting. Everyone has guns, and if you get seen once, you die and start all over.Don't have the patience for this garbage.0/10"
76561198089621184,Recommended,225360,7322376,"Posted: 6 October, 2013",all,darkm1990,Denne ligner  litt assin's creed og Gta.Etter min meinig. Men prøv denne her.
76561197992246194,Not Recommended,225360,34012204,Posted: 4 August,all,panther3007,"This isn't just a ""B"" game, it's a B minus game.Just becuase you've watched a few youtube tutorials on how to make games using unity doesn't mean you should actually make a game and put it on steam."
,Not Recommended,225360,27399692,"Posted: 24 November, 2016",all,ur a gr8 player,this game is complete crapI regret every minute of every hour I tried to give it a chance to prove itself.
76561198046461794,Recommended,225360,7918946,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,Dragons Breath,hay um i just bought this game but it says i need a email and password to play it were would i beable to make this email password at??
,Not Recommended,225360,29532089,Posted: 27 January,all,Blue Q,"Un-ironically, this vampire game f**king sucks. 1/10 get vampire masquerade instead."
76561198001855558,Not Recommended,225360,8437103,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,FiLL,"The short experience I had with this game was quite horrible.  Everything just feels clunky and nothing seems to want to work out in your favor.  I'm the type of person who loves Splinter Cell type games where you can utilize stealth, but if you felt like it you can have a firefight.  Well, in this game, it seemed that I was really only limited to stealth, but done in the wrong way.  I'd always get spotted and killed in a short time span, so I would retry from checkpoint and get the same result, time and time again.  No matter how much I personally wanted to do the mission purely with stealth, it was just plain impossible.  Don't waste your money on this one."
76561197996838554,Not Recommended,225360,8660861,"Posted: 11 January, 2014",all,SystemBug #cholos,"To put it bluntly, DARK ranks up as is one of the worst games I have played in recent memory. From the routine art direction, to the poor writing, horrible acting, and unplayable gameplay, there is nothing redeemable about it. Save your money and give this a pass, there are other, better suited stealth games out on the market."
,Not Recommended,225360,8547728,"Posted: 3 January, 2014",all,Phocron the Memehunter,"it wouldnt be fair to say this is a bad game, I wanted really badly to like this game because of the skills and mechanics, however I lost interest after the first hour after realizing this game destroyed the whole ""stealth"" part (by essentially making the entire game ""you'll be fine if your not seen"") its a fun time waster perhaps, but I'll be honest, I didnt appreciate what it did with what it had,"
,Not Recommended,225360,8488701,"Posted: 1 January, 2014",all,PortoWulf,"I was incredibly excited about this game when I first heard about it. A game where you get to play as a vampire? Slunking around the dark city, drinking blood in the shadows, and trying not to allert anyone....then I bought it.Horrible game. The art style is questionable, and the cut scenese are jittery and makes it hard to watch. The dialogue is really awkward and stiff. I was very disappointed there was really no free-roam in the game. Even between missions. Although I enjoyed all the superpowers you could get in the game. I feel as though time enough to play it on our own terms would have been a really good addition. Or the ability to better use the environments.I enjoy the concept. I wish they could make a better game out of this, and not to scrap the concept, never to be used again."
76561197994412091,Not Recommended,225360,1539194,"Posted: 5 July, 2013",all,Kaztradamus,"So, after finally playing for a while I got so bored with the game that I throw it from my harddrive already. While the visual design is quite good and the sound handles it part for the atmosphere well, the overall graphic and animation quality is bad. The storytelling is slow and not really engaging. NPC's are very generic and the voice acting crew sound bored and uninspired most of the time. A lack of extra xp for avoiding enemies hurts and some more skill variety would have done the game good. Do not belive the trailer with its so called many options. The controls are unprecise as well. Some things like a force choke grab are fun for a while, but the game gets repetetive very quickly with it's really bad AI, tons of enemies you MUST kill and 1 sided approaches. Maybe, if your a vampire nut and can look past the iffy controls, technical difficulties and lack of options, you can enjoy the game. 5/10"
76561197969267519,Not Recommended,225360,7938497,"Posted: 6 December, 2013",all,mastaH,"Dont buy this game, it sucks."
,Not Recommended,225360,8185344,"Posted: 21 December, 2013",all,Phantom,horrible! DONT DO IT! my intellect has dropped from just buying the game let alone played it!
76561198028367195,Not Recommended,225360,9914138,"Posted: 23 April, 2014",all,supesandbats,"Quite possibly the worst game I've played in years. Awkward controls, exceptionally date graphics and poor poor dialogue."
76561198008281298,Not Recommended,225360,8932671,"Posted: 1 February, 2014",all,Blotevogel,"Dark was very promising, and failed.It's got some cool feats (some i've seen in other games, though), but the thing i couldn't understand where the bugs: guards (enemies) disappearing when you turn away and back, but more annoying: appearing when you return to a ""cleared"" area whit no other entrance.In 2013 this kind of bugs shouldn't be there anymore. Also the story was a bit ... hollow, though this is one of those games you play for the cool tricks, i guess..."
76561198079988017,Not Recommended,225360,8722935,"Posted: 15 January, 2014",all,Shotenzenzi,"They obviously had a vision in mind for this game going in that just never really came together.  If I have to some up exactly why I can't recommend this game, it would have to be the stealth/combat mechanics.  I can't stand it when I find myself having to play the same segment of a game over and over again not because I did somehing wrong but because of flaws in the game.  It seems inconsistant at times, one moment the AI won't see me even though I am right in front of them and the next they see me around the corner.  They try (through poorly written and acted cutscenes) to make you out to be this baddass vampire, but really when playing you feel more vulnerable than in most games in recent memory.  If you're sighted it's over.  A couple of shots and you're dead.  I suppose that with enough patience you could force yourself to play through the entire game and see the truly lame plot through to it's end but to me it's just not worth it."
76561198015406044,Not Recommended,225360,9226597,"Posted: 22 February, 2014",all,Sc0rch,"Being a fun of white wolf's Vampire the Masquerade, i was really looking forward to getting this thinking it would be something similar to Bloodlines in terms of style......boy was i mistaken......The game was terrible, the writing was atrocious, to get an idea the name of the main character was .......Eric Bane, a name that feels like it was picked by a 10 year old like Phoenix Steel or Damian Dark or something as pretentious. The dialogue was equally laughable with very poor plot (at least up to the part i played but i doubt it gets any better after the tutorial unless the first team died in a mysterious accident was replaced by a team of actually competent developers). The final nail to the coffin that made me say ""enough is enough"" and urged me to kill my character and put him out of his misery was the terrible and unimpressive gameplay.The only thing i enjoyed in the game was to discover that the first mentor to the character was a club owner who, judging by her face, was based on Rose McGowan and is coincidentally named Rose  :P"
,Not Recommended,225360,9679769,"Posted: 30 March, 2014",all,mAHk,"Whatever you do, do not buy this game it is not worth you're money i bought it for £25 and it is terrible unless it goes down in price to at least £5 that would be the only time i would ever buy it and even then i might still not"
76561198082698869,Not Recommended,225360,9791667,"Posted: 11 April, 2014",all,Halo,"Well i like the game but to be honest the ai is pretty bad then theres the combat which is pretty bad when you get discovered you cant hit for nothin then theres the fact that unless you run away (which is pretty much your only answer in that situation) you die. Over all the game had alot of promise. From the looks to the skills, (which really needed to be better balanced). The story is ok but would have been alot better if it was more indept and far longer. Each lvl is pretty much the same thing over and over again. Making the game openworld would have been a nice add to it and made it at least bearable so there was something else to do when you dont want to do missions. Over all the game was really nice when it came to the ideas, but fell short in the long run. If the game was maybe 2 or 3 dollars i would say go for it, but any more then that and your not gonna want to spend the money on it. If they come out with a sequel ill be happy to check it out but they have alot of fixing to do before i would seriously consider it."
,Not Recommended,225360,9640039,"Posted: 26 March, 2014",all,hanzo328,Its an ok game if your not super picky. could of done so much better though.
,Not Recommended,225360,9143428,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Zendou,"I want to love this game but there are too many scenarios, even on easy setting, where multiple paths I've chosen don't work. I can't read the developers minds to know which route they prefer I take or which powers to use when so many end up getting you killed or triggering alarms. It's not unplayable but it's not enjoyable either."
76561198025197724,Not Recommended,225360,9150071,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,FireWater,"I bought this, it was on sale. It looked neat, and I like talent build rpg's.This game will now be why I check the recommendation list before buying a game. I barely got into it. A good idea for a stealth combat game just messed up."
76561197974774880,Not Recommended,225360,9151371,"Posted: 16 February, 2014",all,Kilo Foxtrot,"It's a lot like Vampire: The Masquerade, all the way down to being a game that feels like it could have been a lot more fun if it was fleshed out and balanced.  Story and animation are considerably worse than even that decade old game while being a bit less fun.  Worth buying on a steam sale if you are a hardcore stealth game fan, and maybe not even then.  It could have been really fun!"
76561198047611560,Not Recommended,225360,8776278,"Posted: 19 January, 2014",all,[AP] Zlatkowar,"First off, don't buy it at full price, not worth it: Wait for Steam Sales.I was just getting used to the good sides (and the many bad sides) of the game when whoops... Final boss and tadaa. The End. The ingame counter says ~5 hours. I know I've spent ~3 more hours failing and trying again to get 100% objectives and XP.The game was surprisingly hard in the beginning yet way too easy towards the end. I felt like level design and difficulty were pretty much the same during whole game which leads to a problem as you lack some vital skills and abilities to get through the first missions. By the end of the game you should have unlocked all the abilities but won't have had time to try them all which is a shame.The non existant melee combat system makes ""boss fights"" simply ridiculous and also forces you into one single play style. I do enjoy the sneaky way. But I sometimes found myself willing to rush into the pack of soldiers and slice the heck out of em. Not possible (okay for the rushing part it ""sort of"" is). Such a short story brings along other issues as for example poor lead character personalities. You won't miss them at all and you'll also forget about the game pretty quickly.To sum this up, IF you :- Are not fond of melee combat- Like the Vampire - Bloodlines kind of story and atmosphere- Have patience for sale, lots of it- YET don't want to spend too many hours on the game- Don't have high expectationsThen you might wanna give it a try.But then again, wait for Steam Sales. It's absolutely not worth the current 44,99€."
76561198066226905,Not Recommended,225360,9098421,"Posted: 14 February, 2014",all,Terraria_Baap,"game is fine and fun but from what i have played i wouldnt not play it for too long... Dont get me wrong i enjoy the steath game but come on why does the movement through cover seems so jotty and switching is rediculously clunky and a little broken (good broken=OP) and its not like with a full FOV most of things you want to see and can get you alerted is always just out fo sight and gets u into trouble a fair bit plus the feeding mechanic is rediculously long hold timmer for you to feed, half the time you tend to kill the people u are will to feed on and feed in people you want to kill..the shadow power feel amazing but as like the cover it is clunky and restrictive as wellI do enjoy it but not enough to give it a thumbs up and to replay itohh yeah the 2 times save funtion deals a good challenge..  i dont know if it has checkpoints cause I ust could not bear to play it any longer"
,Not Recommended,225360,2697073,"Posted: 4 July, 2013",all,SPOOKY Knot Lizard,"Don't get this game. The AI is really cheaply sensitive. Enemies turn around with no telegraphing and notice you instantly. Even though if you kill them fast enough, they don't alert, they usually just start backing up faster than you can click your mouse to kill them off. Not to mention the checkpoints are about 50 enemies inbetween, and you have limited saves. I had to retry two dozen times on the first level before I died at the end of the boss fight and had to start over from the beginning of the entire room, two dozen guards prior. The worst part is that when you get noticed, you're pretty much done for, and I was only playing normal!"
,Recommended,225360,19277344,"Posted: 25 November, 2015",all,Deygus,"Not as bad as people are claiming it is, it's not terrific but it's not terrible either. It's definitely playable and interesting as far as I'm concerned after playing it for a little while now. I like the graphics and gameplay so far and I like that it's different from most other games so thats a plus as far as I'm concerned.Though, If I had to complain about anything it would be that the controls are tolerable but slightly off but I believe it was meant to handle differently. Also, the storyline is slightly slow and the cutscenes when you are having a conversation with other characters is really off since the lips don't match the talking.Aside from that though, it's a decent game and I'm definitely not disappointed. I plan to beat it with all acheivements."
,Recommended,225360,1953971,"Posted: 6 July, 2013",all,Nevar Atine,"A rather well made game, solid mechanics, though no real ""combat"" at least not what you'd expect. The story on the other hand..... a laughable B-movie script at best I'm afraid, although there's still enough to keep the game ok.All-in-all, a good game, just not quite enough to keep me playing longer than necissary."
,Not Recommended,225360,15535975,"Posted: 25 April, 2015",all,Konrad,"One big bugfest.no hot saving, so you have to start back 20 min if yoou get caught on the wrong bug-foot"
,Not Recommended,225360,15240157,"Posted: 6 April, 2015",all,ekbiddle,"One of the worst game I have ever played.The dialogue is terrible, the gameplay is as generic as possible. If you want a good vampire game, go check out Vampire the Masquerade: Bloodlines."
76561198074515589,Not Recommended,225360,16032058,"Posted: 27 May, 2015",all,Dalark,"This game is a stealth action game which doesent have a special story. If you play this game a few hours you will be bored because there wont be something new you have to do its always the same way. The steering wont define to you very well. You have to find out a few steering elements by yourself. This wont be easier for you to play this game and you will be bored soon. Another point is that you have to play long parts of the game again  if you die on the severity ""hard"", whats getting on your nerves after a while. All in All i would say that you only should buy this game, if you are a hardcore stealth action fan player. If you arent i wont  buy this game for this price."
76561198038318975,Not Recommended,225360,15846182,"Posted: 15 May, 2015",all,Spretzjnjikhow,"I bought this game while I was high on stealth oriented games. I had just finished Dishonored and I was completely in love with the concept stealth. Let's just say it was a horrible decision. I wanted this game to be good, but holy♥♥♥♥♥♥it was not.0/10 utter♥♥♥♥♥♥♥"
,Not Recommended,225360,13699866,"Posted: 29 December, 2014",all,Kenny,God awful
,Not Recommended,225360,13769279,"Posted: 1 January, 2015",all,@theegamerdotcom,What did i just play?
76561197961201089,Not Recommended,225360,76242,"Posted: 10 July, 2013",all,ShameOnU,"Pretty crap game, don't buy until you've tried it, NOTING like Vampire bloodlines."
,Not Recommended,225360,13203090,"Posted: 2 December, 2014",all,Mininod,This is a very ♥♥♥♥♥♥ game do not buy it!!!
76561197964182076,Recommended,225360,8429880,"Posted: 30 December, 2013",all,[KG]OldFart,"Even the idea is propably taken from HITMAN chronicles, and placed into the world of Vampires: The sneaking and advancing in  powers were great! Going through the game with NORMAL level of difficulty was enough for me, i doubt that I would have even succeeded wiht HARD level without trainers or something else... ;-)"
76561197962064008,Recommended,225360,13072907,"Posted: 24 November, 2014",all,spyke,Cool gameplay and skills. A bit rough around the edges.
,Not Recommended,225360,3863013,"Posted: 17 August, 2013",all,Buhagen,This game sucksdon't buy it!!
76561198031716212,Recommended,225360,14737391,"Posted: 4 March, 2015",all,thomasedwardsmith,"The Style is fun, story is B movie stock, arbitrary love interest is arbitrary. Generally a good idea thats suffered in delivery. Worth a play if you want a budget, alternative take on Tenchu or Thief gameplay but with Neon Vampires.Starts off slow paced stealth game and after the first two acts suddenly starts to speed up as your powers develope (teleport, force choke, mind powers, turn into a shadow, predator vision etc.). Clearly the begining of the game was the last thing they worked on. This game is brutal and punnishing at times but once a level's mastered it makes you feel like a mofo Night crawler vampire Jedi. I love some of the ideas but hate the application, needed more play testing and more time to tighten the bolts. Otherwise a good game."
76561197998458951,Not Recommended,225360,14301363,"Posted: 2 February, 2015",all,PrimaLux,"I'm a fan of RPG and stealth games and I really love the setting but I can't even force me to play it. The story is  boring, the enemies look all the same, gameplay and skill system feel uncomfortable. I am not really able to describe what I mean. It's just no fun at all... Maybe it is just my opinion."
76561197963282057,Not Recommended,225360,144431,"Posted: 9 July, 2013",all,Dicewolf,"Like a very low tech Version of hitman, with vamprie powers.... The Ai's are so under developed this would barely pass for a 2005 game... i would highly suggest not getting it, unless this was made in 2000 Even then its barely passable.."
76561198036248583,Not Recommended,225360,9720174,"Posted: 3 April, 2014",all,Twan Dollaz,"Easily one of the worst games I've ever played, terrible control, clunky stealth, incredibly bad story. Only plus here is the main character's voice actor, everyone else is of course terrible. Avoid like the plague"
76561197970496490,Not Recommended,225360,12089596,"Posted: 13 September, 2014",all,Villnius,"A disappointing sneaker game with a neon vampire storyline.   The story isn't original, but good enough for a game.   The controls aren't intuitive but they work.   Some of the levels are interesting and with some challenge to them.The latest annoyance that made me actually bother to review this very average game is the latest mandatory ""patch"" which doesn't seem to actually fix any of the game's many bugs.   Instead, it just ads a splash screen ad for Tropico3 that requires me to click past it to play the game and asks me to register for their mailing list.    Seeing as I paid for this game already, I don't think I should have to deal with advertising, much less intrusive advertising (you have to take action to get past it, and it comes up every time the game fires up).   I had intended to come back and play it, but now I think I'll just uninstall it.   That click through ad that pops up at launch is going to♥♥♥♥♥♥me off every time I run this game."
76561198032213810,Not Recommended,225360,7922126,"Posted: 4 December, 2013",all,NytroNomax,Terrible VERY sorry I bought it on sale
76561198017846651,Not Recommended,225360,7922401,"Posted: 5 December, 2013",all,Sad Batman,"Worst. Game. Ever. Terrible graphics, stealth is god awful, the AI is ridiculously attentive and idiotic at the same time, the story is boring, the characters are dumb. Also, your only regular attack is a 1-hit kill move that works about 40 percent of the time. Its not even fun to play with your friends. Its just awful all around.Plus side is it made me appreciate my games more."
,Not Recommended,225360,7905045,"Posted: 3 December, 2013",all,IronMan224,"A decent attempt at a decent game. Just not worth paying full price for. Game play left me wanting more and the monotonous dialogue almost forced me to just mute or play music during the game. Which is sad during a stealth/action game. Overall not a great title, not worth the asking price."
,Not Recommended,225360,19435763,"Posted: 2 December, 2015",all,Squirtle,"Horrible mechanics, Awful story line.Nice graphics and concept but poorly executed.Conclusion: DO NOT BUY."
,Recommended,225360,19407528,"Posted: 1 December, 2015",all,🎉,sneaky stealth + darkness moves/skills makes this game great
,Recommended,225360,15247773,"Posted: 7 April, 2015",all,NeoAlyola,"Usuay i dont like vampire things, but i do love Stealth games, witch made a very good mix, And with the difficulty of the game, it had both ""easy"" & ""hard"" moment but for me it perfectly balanced out. Also with the story i liked it, so i hope for a 2nd game to get more of it :) because it is quite fasinating. Looking forward to play the DLC"
76561198047981440,Recommended,225360,19822091,"Posted: 21 December, 2015",all,KappaPride702,"Graphics wise, this game looks like something that belongs on a ps2. Yes, I just went there.Gameplay wise, feels cool to be a vampire with some badass abilities.Story, not the best but it's okay.Characters, well, pretty much everyone looks like a fa--- person... Let's just leave it at that...Voice acting, pretty horrible in all honesty, their mouths don't even fit what comes out of their mouths... reminds me of these dubbed spanish soap oprahs my mom watches.Acting overall, also pretty♥♥♥♥♥♥ with the weird voice acting we add to the fact that they just stand there slightly moving their hands and heads while ""talking""Game itself is fun, if you can see past every other crummy part of it, worth a try."
76561198124836528,Recommended,225360,20037716,"Posted: 28 December, 2015",all,shawngalea1,Great stealth game
76561197985130781,Recommended,225360,1042454,"Posted: 20 August, 2013",all,RCP90,Stay away from this game it sucks... its like a very poorly done version of prototype... It reminds me of Mission Impossible for the nintendo 64 it just sucks
,Recommended,225360,18386816,"Posted: 8 October, 2015",all,dumtruk,The greatest worst game ever made. Everything about this game is wrong and cliched and I love it.
,Not Recommended,225360,24861254,"Posted: 12 August, 2016",all,ShallowNecra,"""Didn't like it, wish the hell I could forget it."" - Alex Mercer"
